Someone is tracking his every step .
Tell her to find something to do with her life .
You 'll be unable to do what your speaking about .
In the event he actually is unfamiliar with the females , it should have no impact .
He will love you more .
My wife kissed me , then left with the children .
My contact information is jakb6hsm @ yahoo.com . I enjoy meeting new people .
I do not know . Perhaps I am simply incapable of lying too much .
That is what I decided on Matt .
you can go to the beach or a restaurant .
it does not mean that he does not love you .
It sounds as though he is pretending not to be interested and you are not .
I like the doggystyle position .
The other Saturday I had to pretend to be both a male and female six times .
It will be hard if he does n't notice you , but that does n't mean you should n't try .
You should hit him on the head .
If you have to ask questions of that nature , then , you should go out and get that job .
Talk to him first .
I really do not think much about it .
However , each time I return , the same difficulties arise again .
If she likes you , she will accept that you 're a beginner .
You certainly should ! You ought to break up with him .
We are now friends after I asked her to dance .
I reccommend that you call her and inform her of your feelings for her .
It is good that you are experiencing new things .
What they said is true .
You will loose it if you do not use it .
Do not be late , someone else may take the opportunity .
Yes , it is , but are you in love ?
On the contrary , he tells me that they have no meaning for him .
Employ a replacement individual to inform him on your behalf .
I believe he was a friend once .
You sister may have a suitable solution for you problem .
That depends on your gender .
Are you implying that I am not a good person ?
There are many young women on Earth .
Press ahead and leave this behind , my friend . Have fun .
That should not be a factor at all if you like her .
Why would she miss someone that was never hers in the first place .
No one can ever be exactly what you are .
You feel them , not see them .
Do not worry about those types of things .
It is exciting , especially when he makes you feel the way that you do .
As a male , I think it relates to sex .
Why are men stronger , tougher , and more honest and hardworking ?
A query which resulted in your hysterical reaction .
You should not marry her , she is using you to her benefit .
You will need good luck .
Do not ask him . Annoy him until he asks you on a date .
You should look over photos of young men .
He either wants a break , thinks you are boring , or he is seeing someone else .
You can do this , but please do not do it , you deserve more .
I 'm uncertain since my spouse-to-be and myself both have that quality .
She will love you all the more if you love and trust her .
I make so much noise our neighbors have made complaints against us .
Well , he wo n't be in a marriage for a significant future period .
I think the same thing about wrestling .
You will feel it , and that is when you will know .
Correct , it is the French that was being employed by all . However , this also serves the purpose .
If you find the answer to that question , please let me know .
Are there any other concerns that you should n't attempt to date him .
Listen to your intellect and emotions .
Jealousy is a difficult emotion to overcome .
In my opinion , it would be interesting .
Honey , you can trust me because I am a guy
Ask your older sister again .
Read this and tell her to stop .
My partner does n't behave as such . He simply does n't hesitate to begin and becomes immediately immersed .
Select my avatar and look at my questions . They are very similar .
I am confused because he has too many female friends .
I believe being in a relationship is wonderful .
Just kiss him out of the blue one day .
I intensely want to resume our relationship .
At least he would like for you to be involved .
Seducing women feels like an achievement .
Tell him to go away .
Purchase a bouquet of roses for her for Valentine 's Day and invite her on a date .
You 're not genuinely required to request her romantic partnership .
If you think he is attractive and have feelings for him , try asking him out .
If it is during intercouse , I do not think that she is a virgin .
You can contact me at erkannss14 @ hotmail.com , then we can talk about this more later .
There is not even free lunch , or even fireworks .
I enjoy receiving advice .
You have to be normal .
It 's difficult ambulating to converse with a woman .
Do not ask via text as that is just lame .
Planning is good , but do n't plan excessively .
She has been living for you .
This is the first time I have ever done something for someone else , advice would be lovely .
It is not fair that a guy can not talk to another girl without his girlfriend thinking he is cheating .
I was chatting with a man for approximately two hours .
You are very earth-friendly .
That only mean that you like yourself .
Defend yourself no matter what happens .
The duplicate reason that the majority of women are simpleminded .
Your life will be over if you try that .
I very much want to but I do not want to do it meaninglessly .
If each week there is a different one , then I doubt it . You should , however , check the signs , especially eye contact and flirting .
Why be so worried sweetie , love conquers all in the end !
Trust me , I consider myself a relationship doctor .
If I am interested in a man , then I ask him on a date before another woman does .
However , that takes some time to develop .
Bill Gates was probably undesirable , but look at him now !
Regardless of sex , God is happy when two people have mutual love .
Men want women to behave nicely in public and promiscuously in private .
I have no certainty , prepare his dinner meal , demonstrate your empathy .
He or one of your friends who knows him might know . Ask one of them .
She does not want you .
It is all in how you use it man , it is never the size .
No , I do not care about that of my boyfriend .
You could go out with one of his friends and then gauge his reaction .
You have some work to do .
What enjoyable activities can I do with her after school ?
Have a serious talk and tell her that she is getting older , and this behavior is childish .
We are better liars than men .
They all feel you are a jerk .
At that point , determine if he desires to continue being together .
You can not just force yourself on anyone , or you will end up with noone .
Do not act as though you are pure .
I suggest that you introduce yourself .
I will try anything once , and I will do it again if I enjoy it .
Do not do anything .
He is more mature because he is three to five years older .
You do not want to spend the rest of your life with someone like thant , do you ?
In my opinion , if your instinct tells you that there is something going on , then there is .
Do not be foolish and ill-advised . You should strife for average in intelligence .
Now , most people have had past sexual experiences .
Basically , it is deciding who I want to marry .
Either one works ; I guess it depends on the day and our moods .
He 's untruthful , and disconnects the phone when I 'm speaking .
If you wait , you will not get anywhere .
Is he ruining his life ?
No , but in any case who is really happy ?
Do you like someone asking you for a date ?
Everything reminds me of him and what it used to be .
Although you said it was mutual , I expect he would go to jail here .
After one month , I can fall in love .
If you do n't find him trustworthy , then how can you two love each other ?
Why does my former boyfriend continue attempting to arouse jealousy ?
What is the worst thing that they could say ?
Have one of your family members take pictures and recording if you rent .
She may act like that again , but thank you I will be sure to tell him .
I do not get overly concerned about it .
Are you and your partner still together ?
Pretend to like it , even though you may not .
Find some Barry White songs , they work for setting the mood .
You do not have to have a relationship .
I am a twenty year-old woman .
However , an excess of positive circumstances may transform into a hindrance .
And you merely want to be genuine .
It is okay to be emotional while talking to her .
It is about the one with whom you are .
I suggest that you focus first on becoming a friend to a woman .
I would be very disappointed if I got taht same kiss today .
My girlfriend is perfect , my love , my everything .
It is hard to find friends .
I know because my ex did the same thing to me .
A little bit of both .
Behave naturally and observe the occurrences .
You will say 'You ca n't hurt me anymore ' when you are angry .
Go get a breast reduction , and you 'll look great .
You are not getting any , my friend .
I would not break up with my girlfriend for someone who sent me nude photographs .
He is just talking , do not run .
They better not cheat on you and write you a note about it .
Do not speak with him , he is not the man for you . He 's giving you terrible advice .
I made the right choice because I see him once in a while .
He is a 23-year-old guy who is a virgin .
It is dependent upon whether or not you still care for her .
You should not be having sex in the first place .
It is alright for you to like him even if others do not .
He even had intercourse with the wife of his best friend .
They are very nice .
And what does it mean ?
Who can assemble me again ?
Save for your closest companion making this suggestion , my opinion is under no circumstances .
You will not get anywhere with these people so you should leave them .
I see others the way I want to see them .
I only did that so I would not feel lonely .
I 'm sure they feel the same way about women .
Less than every single female , however , certain females behave in such a manner .
I would be worried if they dodge the question and/or get angry .
If he truly loved you he would not have wanted you to have an abortion .
Was his response that you should stay the cours , that he was mistaken , or that he did not love you ?
I would like to have you next to me .
Why do men continuously lie ?
If she wants to confuse you , I suppose it is time to leave her for someone new .
Mind your personal hygiene .
Try searching somewhere other than where degenerates spend time .
Do not do something which you will later regret .
If I married the lady of my dreams , that would be everything that I have dreamed of .
I 've attended a small amount in the past .
I have dated guys who are tall and muscular .
In my opinion , most men are not unintelligent .
Mine is large in size .
When a woman is interested in you , you should be able to notice . Substantiate me , women .
Are you certain that is what you want ?
In the event he communicates a farewell to you , your relationship was not destined to be .
Are you even still not familiar with the Paris Hilton video recording ?
I need someone I can really love .
Both of you should attempt to be understanding , to adjust accordingly .
Some light hair is fine , but not really hairy how men 's chests can become .
Tell your family that the person makes you happy .
Support her if she is fine with her appearance .
No I did not , I waited until the man asked me out on a date .
The man is married !
Let them know you love them , and see if they tell you the same thing .
You have every right to be upset .
Are you sure you want to be with someone unsure of what he wants ?
My friends do n't like him , and make fun of him often .
You are among the worst people in the world .
But , the difficult part is making this person stay with us .
Go ahead and send a text message .
Not being a virgin is a sin in the eyes of the Lord .
All right , his age is between 14 and 16 , and your age is what ?
You are happy , mature , and attractive .
It is bad when men do that .
It can not be covered in hair .
Look for a person who wants to spend their future with you .
He loves you because you are his alone .
He likely believes it is a good thing .
Things that make me no longer aroused are body odor , passing gas , and constant belching .
I still think about him .
You can ask him out , and see how he responds .
It was a different time , with different ladies .
Trust me when I say that you can not change them .
You do not need him or anyone else to degrade you .
He loves me more , because I was a virgin on our wedding night .
If you are really in love , buy a plane ticket and go get married to them .
I enjoy watching a woman masturbate and will have sex with her as soon as she finishes .
You should let her know your true feelings .
Women can be friends , but not men ?
Simply behave as an unruffled man , refrain from treating girls presumptuously .
Somewhere inside yourself you are strong .
She will break up her current relationship and make a move .
In such an event , what 's the duration of your marriage ?
Inquire as to whether he feels affection for your progeny . If not so inclined , end the relationship since relatives occupy first position .
That is another story .
Would I tell my husband to leave ?
I 've heard that men prefer virginal women .
Do you take issue with this ?
I apologize , but since I do not live there I can not give you advice .
You are a sinner if the people you call friends are unsaved .
I recommend going to movies , going sight-seeing , and other similar activities .
We frequently meet and have similar feelings .
Inform her that you 've been wishing to share with her some information .
You would n't want it just once .
He did it one time , it means he will do it again .
You need to leave her .
I care very much regarding him . I yearn for him .
What is wrong with enjoying yourself ?
I hope not . I have enough trouble with homosexual people admiring me .
My friend claims she loves me .
She may have an underlying reason for eating like that .
Does this sound familiar ?
They simply want to be loved .
I want her to be interested in me .
Our family hated that it was an interracial relationship . My father and great grandmother on his side were angry .
I 'm intending to say , a beautiful appearance is merely surface-level in depth .
Because the color red is the color of blood but most people consider blue to be the color of love .
Do you really want him back in your life ?
You just use the restroom from there , and did not even wipe yourself ? !
You would do best to leave him and strike out on your own .
That was unfortunate . In the future , at no time will the television be powered simultaneously as sexual intercourse occurs .
You will be a good sister .
He started flirting with me one day .
Men will be jealous that you 're interested in him , and not them .
It 's so natural , why make and issue out of it ?
I repeat , this is something that you want to tell him face to face .
The headboard thing ruined the mood , and I did not get to come .
I love my wife very much .
If they agree to the request , you should ask him to spend time with you .
I am 26 years old and I waited until marriage to have sex .
Do they hold the opinion that he lacks confidence ?
He does not want to use a condom .
Do you imagine she 'll be aware of your affection independent of your revelation to her ?
I can not because I am starting to fall in love .
Girls like it when you are odd .
Someone you love will always be there whether you are happy or sad .
Then you can certainly do these things together !
There is a simple answer , just do not do it .
Have you tried hard ?
A man can work form sun up to sun down , but a womans job is never done .
That description sounds surprisingly similar to flirtation .
The female you are partial towards will be alone , and she states that that is less than desirable .
I like him but I do not love him .
It does n't matter if you 're doing everything accurately .
If you never try to have a relationship , you will never what might have happened between the two of you .
Do not be afraid to tell him what you want .
You are beginning to dislike the friends of the person to who you love .
But , do you know what I had to do to overcome this ?
You should try love because it is not bad .
Some guy followed me in a store and acted scary .
I think that sex is supposed to be about giving unselfishly rather than getting something for oneself .
Inform her that were she to feel romantically towards you , she would visit and engage in wild sexual intercourse and ingest your ejaculate .
It is like suicide , it is normal to think about it , but not to act upon those thoughts .
My male friends say confidence is key .
If he truly cared about you , the little things would matter to him .
I think about him all the time .
You can get ideas off the knot website .
You are already married , so what is the problem ?
He will ask for your hand in marriage .
I want a man to be true to himself .
you can do what you like .
The ones that come from out of nowhere , are the one that are truly genuine from the heart .
I would sacrifice my life for the woman I love because if she died I would not want to live any long.er
If he does not do what you want , discipline him .
I know that he also would not want me to do it .
Do n't tell him that you want to have intercourse .
Be concerned when he sees someone else .
I do not know about love .
I am humbly ( and laughingly ) stating that I have all the qualities you have mentioned .
I would not necessarily break off a friendship simply because we have a disagreement .
In Yahoo ! Chat , I communicate quite a bit in that forum .
You should become accustomed to men devaluing you as a person .
Have intercourse with people who are good at mathematics . They know how to handle curves .
I do not like that .
One day you wake up with the knowledge .
Trust me that I know , I am married .
You need to be careful before you get pregnant .
If he is trying to exert control over you , break off the relationship .
I 'm uncertain of your feelings , however , I 'm not fond of the ne'er-do-well personality .
If someone loves you they will accept you regardless of anything .
Love is love . God does not care .
That is not very fair to the man with whom you are currently in a relationship .
I despise that type . Remember that money can purchase many things but class , style and grace are not among them .
It depends on the size of the male gentialia .
I tried to converse with him , but he has yet to call me .
My man works out so he has a nice bottom .
I would not doubt him .
Raise yourself , because he has no obligation to feed you .
Stay with him if you want to be with him .
Ask him . You might feel awkward , but the awkward moment will be worth it if he does love you .
I you are in Bangalore , then I am here .
I am always happy including when waking up this morning and at work right now .
You must inquire of yourself whether you have feelings for him !
If she is not willing , stop trying to do it .
However , I have learned that a man will show it if he really likes you .
By then you wo n't be speaking with her , if or when your sentiments change .
There is no tension between me and my guy friends , who are like brothers to me .
What did you do in that class ?
I would ask her if she likes you or not .
That is very insensitive of her to do such things in your presence .
I am always attracted to boorish men . What is wrong with me ?
Cling and pray to Jehovah God , and to his son Jesus Christ , as your last recourse !
Take her out , maybe go shopping .
I promise that every female who believes she excessively obsesses over sexual activity has no actual understanding .
It will cost you three points for each answer .
I believe that it is a myth and that you are all intercouse addicts .
You should leave him alone because he got what he wanted and perhaps no longer wants to talk to you .
I could please use some advice from other people .
Your chile wants you to be present , and sending money is not preferrable to that .
Do n't simply stand around waiting for a good thing .
I need advice , my wife and I can not conceive .
It depends on the mood of my wife is in at the time .
I 've married two times . With the first one , I knew right away . My second marriage is still unravelling .
If you email me , I will tell you everything that I know .
You 've admitted he is in love with someone else .
You should believe in yourself , which is really sexy .
Because their thinking is not clear .
Stay out of this until time calms them down .
Men will not consider cheating if the sex remains interesting and exciting .
If you approach slowly , her body language will tell you what you need to know .
Girls want attention , and some good chocolate .
I do n't appreciate that ignorant word .
It depends upon your age .
If you love other people , they will love you in return .
Where he asked you out is his decision , and you made a mistake .
You should tell him that a mutual respect for one another has to be established .
You will get out only what you put in .
Have you ever comitted a felony ?
Finding love is the real reason for your success .
Adopt the persona of a young lady searching for an NSA coupling and send an IM to him .
It hurts your partner if you go out for fun when you are in a relationship .
I want to be with my ex boyfriend .
Oh goodness , that must have been a really hard feeling .
Some males genuinely do not prefer any sort of contact with their derrieres .
Love can be elusive to people until they actually fall in it .
How many minutes into the first date did you mean ?
Not all men have sexual relations as their main focus .
There might be a reason for that behavior .
I do not think my bottom is like that of a chicken .
I am a woman and only think about sex if I am in love with a man .
If he has friends , then maybe he is interested in you .
I am unsure , but if you find mine please let me know as I would like it returned .
I think he will cheat you sometime because he already cheated your cousin .
You are not considerate unless to return the favor .
I miss him and if anyone knows him , please send me an email .
What is a relationship if you can not discuss such subjects ?
I do n't believe it 's a sin , although it terminates in fornication .
But have fun if you decide to do it .
From the sound of it , you are more interested in virginity than are most guys .
My boyfriend and I broke up after eight years . I really did love him .
It was an eye-opening experience for me .
What are your thoughts on marriage ?
Can I receive custody even though he has been staying hom with the child ?
I believe you have a boyfriend .
IT can work for you too .
They are no longer best friends .
We never got together , though , because he regarded me as his best friend .
He even accepted my newborn daughter as his own child .
Take it easy on the spending .
Find out what it is you do n't want to do .
Get involved in things she likes whether or not you are too shy or hate it .
That sounds a bit strange to me . Could she be hiding something ?
It all depends on the mood that you are in , there are so many factors .
Most men are in constant need of intercourse .
Are you able to handle a serious relationship ?
Give her one in front of everyone and observe her reaction .
Have you read what you have written ?
You are the best at it .
You will know him better if you continue to flirt , and care for him .
When it comes down to it , it is my choice .
No matter how long it takes to stop caring about them .
i can loan you a few dollars .
Should I discontinue our relationshp or continue it in the hope she indeed loves me ?
To surprise her , tell her in the middle of a conversation .
It seems to me that love does not die so quickly .
I am intersted in him , however , I do not know that he is intersted in me .
I want it more than guys do .
Try thinking about how they feel .
What in the world should I do then ?
A woman wants many things from men .
If you want to listen to more , send me an email .
I agree , but I do n't feel that it is a poor decision .
She can see how happy you are because she has realized what she has thrown away .
Exclusively one , the initial and the concluding .
Because once you have something more serious than a friendshup , it is difficult to return to being friends .
The admiration is friendly and just not enough reason to kiss .
You can tell if it is too long if the woman finds it painful and it does not fit .
You can not change their mind , or make them put the toilet seat down .
He wants you to do this so he feels more comfortable cheating .
I would be suspicious of him being unfaithful .
No I am not soft on discipline , I am just trying to be fair .
It is a way of showing that she does not want to attract other men .
That is what men do .
He did not want a second chance .
He 'll become jealous . Inform him how you dislike that as well .
Perhaps you become too attached after intercourse and it frightens men into leaving .
Young lady , it is alright if you do not want to have sex with a man .
Does it matter since you received yours ?
It is hard to get rid of the memories .
My name is Shaba , please send me a friend in Amsterdam .
Women like strong men .
You need to be careful .
Some men are just different .
If you are being yourself and they do not like you , they do not deserve you .
If they make you happy , you fine with no flirting .
It is simple : ; purchase a flower for him and tell him that you love him .
Do you still love him ?
Keep your main boyfriend , and then go and find you a side lover !
Your mother made you leave , therefore she no longer has the ability to influence you .
It serves as the single item extremely sober-minded women are sober-minded in regard to .
I assume that you have attempted talking to him .
It is best to move on if he just wants to be friends .
Do n't let anyone convince you otherwise .
Why would you be mean if they are not ?
Let him go if he continues to harass you .
Giving him a hug may not have been the best solution .
I have not met the right person yet .
I am quite mature , so it would be unwise to cross me .
Why did n't they tell you ?
There was a wolf and a lab .
Send him a post card from Bora Bora .
You are going to find someone that will make you forget about him .
Go to the library or WalMart to meet attractive women .
Yes it is possible ; in fact , it happens to me frequently .
Furthermore , you are hoping that he will propose marriage to you .
A girl is testing you when she looks towards you .
Thank you for helping to plan my wedding !
The more you let him get away with , the more freedoms he will take .
You will not be disappointed if you try it sometime .
You really should find a younger guy to date .
No , I would prefer the woman who rejected me die suddenly . I will not care about her at all anymore .
The ego is very conflicting .
It depends on the circumstances .
In my opinion a woman should make that decision for herself .
All the clues from the secret admirer led up to you .
If you break up with a guy , and he is not completely desperate , he probably will not ask you out again .
Is the a possibility you could be pregnant ?
You should ask him out on a date , if he is interested .
You should refuse to get together with her if she has been drinking .
I discovered that my girlfriend was actually a man .
Be friendly , not direct , etc .
I like famous singers , and I have seen you on a CD !
Existence possesses such a quality , individuals causing pain for one another .
They have to be relaxed and in the mood for love .
I would be honest with him , he will most likely not care .
We have been talking approximately four to five months .
I hope you find new friends .
When i went out there i noticed the same thing !
No , but the reason is that men 's hormones are different from women 's .
I like a girl with small breasts and a cute behind .
How am I going to be able to handle not being a jealous girlfriend .
If it has been a long time , then you should say 'no ' in response .
They are weak minded , it is not your fault .
How much does the child 's father participate ?
Why was he imprisoned ?
You should state that you have enough friends .
You will not meet anyone who wants to have a serious relationship unless you have a big penis .
They must accept it .
My friend has n't the slightest idea , that she has ruined my life .
You have to move on with your life and find someone new .
Guy are able to retain female friends as well .
I am positive he will be satisfied .
State at that .
Pity does not cause me to have intercourse with you .
Is it normal to have intercourse with one 's boyfriend ?
It does not have anything to do with you , though .
You should approach them first .
No one knows as in the end it is all up to you .
No , not unless they specifically said that it is no longer cancelled .
She is not romantically interested in you—or , possibly , you approached her too aggressively .
I do not think there is anythign wrong with it .
You will know you are in love when you can not stop thinking about the person .
You are a forty-year-old woman and should look for someone around your age .
Marriage results in people acting irresponsible and abusive .
I would believe he is having sex with another person .
It depends on how things are .
Would you go out with me if I am a boy ?
It is not just for lovers .
Would I endanger myself for a friend or a stranger ?
I am curious as to what this was all about .
You attempt to maneuver its direction at a measured pace . No man enjoys learning of his own sub-par kissing skill .
It can not be done . If they care about you , then it will hurt no matter how you phrase it ,
We want to get to know eachother better .
He is about 14-16 years old , and he has a crush on me .
It may be hard , but act like you 're not interested .
So , make sure she is aware of how much you care about her .
What are the signs of a man flirting with you ?
You ask her and see if she replies honestly .
Flirt with them and say you love them .
Time is of the essence , you should move on .
He screamed when he was looking for his razor .
It means that she probably would not have left you if you would have been more calm in the past .
Break off relations with him . You 're squandering your days by remaining in a relationship .
Neither of us could think of a preferable alternative .
My sister has since broken up with him , but she is pregnant with his child .
Find her something with meaning .
When she 's no longer attempting contact .
I forgot about an important question for women : have you ever used the sample cosmetics at the shopping mall ?
There is still a sense of hope for these young women .
Do not say that because most men are not of low intelligence .
Yes , I will not be in a relationship with a large man .
I know that he is Jim .
It is when she infrequently has sex with you .
Do n't have intercourse with him for a little bit , it will drive him crazy .
Why would he refuse to speak with me ?
After that , I learned that he is interested in me .
I get hungry two times every day .
Ask , she will probably like if you can help .
It would be in places where African American men are .
By the way , there are plenty of commercials that will tell you condoms are not adequate protection , but something is better than nothing !
Can you please look into it for me ?
She might be able to pretend with other things , but that is one thing she can not fake .
But it really depends on the woman and her confidence in her natural beauty .
However , exclusively on occasions when they 're sexually inclined or if you add spice to the occasion .
The best revenge is to move on and forget that he existed .
You need to be loyal , nice , friendly , and sweet .
You should keep it that way regardless of how angry she becomes .
At times is does not matter how you use it .
We try to make the ladies feel as comfortable as possible .
Also that his genitals are small .
How are you trying to fix the the trust , and what kind of girlfriend is she to you ?
Especially if you are used to regularly having intercourse .
Due to them possessing singularly defined thinking .
You can tell him . Unless he is gay , he would do that .
Have I told you recently that I find you attractive ?
You can not ask silly questions like this .
Their brains are less mature than ours .
Not love , but then again , who knows ?
He is not an addict .
Any man can be a coward to responsibility .
Simply observe your surroundings . I believe this is both hell and heaven .
I ca n't tell what you are saying , but it is profoundly true .
I had the pleasure of reading what you received , but thank you for the information .
Have fun or stay busy .
Only if you feel like you are in need of a boyfriend .
Men are hunters , just like dogs . They enjoy the hunt but prefer the chase . So run .
What can I do to find out if my boyfriend is in love with me ?
Your question is making people aware of the fact that you are unattached .
Or I am merely afraid or timid .
Be careful you are going down a dangerous pathway .
It will hinder your ability to do amusing things with people .
Correct , I imagine I 'm attracted to criminal-type men .
Do not be tied up ; go out and have fun .
You will find out quickly if you undress in front of him !
If you can recommend me to some of them I would appreciate it , Thank you in advance .
To a certain degree , I 'd retain an opportunity to engage with her .
If she loves him , she will wait .
She does not answer me when I ask her to be my girlfriend .
It is only what is on the inside that matters .
Do you suppose that married women perform fellatio ?
It has to be your choice .
Get with better men because I will expect her to do the same .
If you 're unable to tolerate a friendship with him , then allow him his solitude .
If you work at it , it will continue to grow forever .
Do whatever makes you happy
Men that have good looks most likely turn out to be vain .
I recently broke up with my girlfriend , but it is more difficult to get another one . Can you please help ?
My father is that way as well .
Guys tell me that I am pretty .
She was aware of my presence and I have affection for her .
She sincerely admires you and believes you share a friendship and most likely not anything further .
I do not believe in infatuation .
In my opinion , it depends on how mature the child is .
What does love mean anymore ?
That would be true unless I discovered that I did not want it after all .
All people desire the ideal man , however , nobody appears to be amenable to acting as such .
Not unless her age is twice your age .
Which people are the most important to you ?
She knows that it is time for her to move on , but she can not , do you have any suggestions that might help her ?
I hope he asks you on a date .
There is no way to acquire that information .
It means dating will be difficult for you .
But he is as ignorant as I am .
This is quite an egregious negative situation .
Think about children after you ask him to marry you .
It depends upon whether you are also a young woman or not .
Here is one last piece of advice : Trust her .
It is not worth your time unless you enjoy being treated poorly .
It is not boring but fulfilling .
I am a handsome twenty-eight year old .
Nobody comprehends what true problems are until you get married and have children .
Why do the women there possess facial hair ?
No , they can not because somewhere deep down under there is an attraction to each other .
He enjoys flirting , and he is an attractive man .
Who or what can I turn to for help ?
He will find a girl who loves and cares about him .
He will not help if he says no .
Do not be said , because I expect things to get better .
You 're not very mature . You 're best off speaking with your mother regarding that subject .
Do not hurt his feelings and keep quiet .
Only if they desire the circumstance to as great a degree as you .
My girlfriend really likes anal sex .
Perhaps you married the wrong man .
Second , if a man is unfaithful , you are associating with the incorrect men .
The man said ' I am a caveman ' . The woman responded 'What 's this ? ' .
Then , do it if you love him so much .
I am in agreement with sixteen .
Do not do anything for Valentines day even if it sounds good .
Sometimes even the brightest people can be dumb .
They will get it eventually .
That is not the best point in your life , so , relax , and just do it .
So , you believe that they will not cheat .
Crying is acceptable , however verbal communication is more productive .
That means the person in question loves you and wants you back .
I also am partial towards children , but I am not one .
You 're creating the problems with him .
I do not think its a good idea unless you have a perfect partner .
You can only rely on faith that what the other person says is truth .
Inform him of your feelings for him .
If a male/female is unable to be forthcoming , proceed to erase him/her from memory !
However , on occasion , he behaves as if he continues to do so .
Did you cheat on her ?
Comment on her hair , outfit , or shoes if you are fairly attractive .
I move on if a man does that to me .
Of course , it depends on the man .
You just answered your own inquiry .
In the event your sensation is that he 's doing so , it 's most likely that he 's doing so .
If you want to show your appreciation , make if known that you think of them and that you care .
it would take you two months for you to get into the house for the poor .
It is not worth sticking with someone who is not right for you .
Perhaps it because you are doing something incorrectly .
Remove anything and everything that is associated with him .
This is imperative if you 're going to get married , and start a family .
Females usually love jewelry if you have the money to spend !
Just ask , all she could say is no , but , you will never know unless you do .
You will get asked out .
No , I think you are unable to spell adequately .
You need to prove she has been unfaithful and get divorced .
It 's fantastic that you 're attracted to this woman .
You do n't know what will happen , which is why they call it love .
Because , as you know , I attend the same school as you .
You may not find her attractive ; but , she is happy with herself .
If you ca n't say this to his face , say it to yourself in the mirror while he is away .
And you both have already had sexual intercourse ?
Thaat is because they do not use their head to think straight .
I became close with this guy .
Most of the time , guys do not understand women , it is a scientific mystery !
I think that your feeling for him is only lust .
It did not work after I tried it .
It wo n't be illegal . That would be holding an individual for ransom , instead of dating her .
If she is right for you or not , her response will tell you everything !
I think it is good to try a sample of something before you get the whole thing .
It was an event that occurred without your knowledge .
If my sister 's friend was rude to me , I would immediately leave the room .
Do n't buy a woman lingerie unless she asks for it .
How to check that I love her a lot .
Smile before you look away so the woman does not think you find her unattractive .
If he only likes her a little bit , then he should not get very upset .
Are you sure that she truly has feelings for you ?
It should whatever you decide . Quit diving in and having sex when you do not wish to .
In the first instance , she is not acting as a best friend does , and you should watch her carefully .
Perhaps because you are unique .
Find someone who is as mature as you are .
Well , I can sympathize . I am in the same situation right now .
They do not appeal to me at all .
What can I do when I see her being so upset ?
Take some time to reflect on yourself .
However , currently he once more pays me no mind .
Go out and have a good time with your friends .
I recommend asking 'what if we were married one day . '
I recommend going to the gym to practice speaking in a lower voice , and always be confident .
Try expressing how you feel with a card .
All men love to be in competitions .
A lot of thoughts com during the night while you are sleeping .
Additionally , inform him you had an unpleasant experience with another man who tried some things which made you upset .
God makes many different moves .
Do not have intercourse with him and wait for his response . I hope this advice was helpful .
You will be able to tell if you look into his eyes .
Of course you are number 1 . Why would you ask me that question ?
He needs to have some firsthand experience .
What is a good present for a woman in whom I am interested who does not yet know it ?
I have a preference for Hispanic men .
Do you have confidence with each other when things are terrible ?
If he comes from money , then you should stay with him .
Your level of worry is apparent in the way you are spelling words .
If you have a connection with someone , do n't worry about the feelings of others .
Who is Gwen Stefani 's husband ?
Call and greet them , and just be done with it .
This is the kind of love most people seek but are too lazy to work for it .
People do n't just do things .
No matter what size she is , a girl is pretty .
I have a friend who is interested in someone , who does n't feel the same way towards her .
If you are female , contact me on shrunkenmann_the grass @ yahoo.com .
They are not a bad person .
I do n't know how you personally feel about it , but I feel uncomfortable .
No , customer care removed it from the answers which is disappointing .
Do men have an opinion on whether that is cute or sexy ?
There is no doubt about it that I am correct .
I admire young women with pleasant demeanors .
It is healthy , and natural , but be careful and wear protection .
Men are saying no to something women want .
I like guys that are not promiscuious .
Try to get some interesting electronics from it .
Tell him what is making you doubt him .
I ruined the friendship between Jon and Matt .
You could attempt to create a realtionship between him and a friend .
Always obey your instincts .
It 's possible that his girlfriend 's homeliness drives him to seek satisfaction elsewhere .
Do not pretend to act like someone you are not .
Do not ever be gullible enough to believe such drivel .
He must go if he can not respect you .
Does anyone here possess the ability to speak fluent English ?
Post an advertisement in the Washington Post .
If she is pregnant , then you should end the procedure .
Most men are like that , yes .
That poppycock . Perhaps you simply have personal issues concerning Asian females .
The phone becomes gross when that touches it .
Walking takes extra pounds off .
I feel strongly in my decision to quit the school team .
Let him know that you do not like that guy .
Why is he out there sleeping in the doghouse with the dog ?
I do know that answer , why are you asking me ?
I know it is difficult , but it is better for you .
She would leave if she did not love you , correct ?
However , I truly love this girl .
I hate to say so , but it will become worse after you get married .
I am a man with traditional values .
It depends on your relationship .
And , without a doubt , visit and offer salutations !
You do not want to lose his friendship .
Simply because you put only 90 percent of your effort into it .
We believe we are transmitting explanatory information to that group , however , they fail to receive it .
Leave things as they are and start anew in a different direction if these do not work out .
I like women who are expressive and outgoing .
I want to reach out to meet friends in Amsterdam .
Is she better looking then me ?
You are exploring the internet . Obviously Yahoo Answers .
I am telling you from personal experience .
Emotions and feelings are what count .
How old are you ?
I 'm aware that this is easier said than done .
Looks are not as important compared to how someone treats you .
Send him away if he gets too possessive .
You should get a breast reduction if you have back pain .
Be genuine and do as the first person said : earn some more money because it may be beneficial .
I am twelve years old and recently got a girlfriend .
It is how life works .
I would advise you to wait until she is ready to wear a brassiere .
Are you asking him if he still finds you attractive ?
He will be pleasantly surprised and love you even more for it .
What 's the reason for not simply sending an email to him with your inquiry ?
Do not crowd her , inform her of your love .
You are a sly one , I was just going to ask this .
Can you help me find something unique and not too expensive ?
Correct , much benefit is derived from resisting sexual activity .
It could never be if you are an adolescent , or around that age range .
What are you doing ?
They are not the kind men that you want in your life .
If you are attracted to a man , then converse with him and begin a relationship .
I once heard that that was not true .
The reason that your are so jealous watching other couples is that you can not get your own guy !
Perhaps that 's simply his identity .
Do not tell him first . Tell your mom , or the social worker for your school and allow them to tell your parents .
You are absolutely correct that you did the right thing .
Kiss the man in front of that woman .
Do you find them sick or wonderful ?
You run to him everytiime he calls for you .
Tell him not to bother her . He ought to be looking for a different one .
She was a bit of an outcast in a punk rock band who had blue eyes .
If they have a negative reaction to the refusal for intercourse , end the realtionship .
It is not a bad thing ; but , it is rather humorous when the woman is taller .
If it is againt your religion , I do not have an answer for you .
Your mother is dating him .
I like dark hair , dark eyes , nice skin , and a nice butt .
Good luck with that situation .
Do not ask how you can get girls to like you .
I do n't focus on men 's bottoms usually .
He genuinely has a massive partiality towards you .
I recently acquired a Labrador and I truly enjoy him .
It is , however , very difficult to avoid .
No , but when you are in love , intimacy will feel like a totally different experience .
Imagination is the key because you only get what you can imagine .
I believe she simply wishes to come to America like all others , however that is just my opinion . Take care .
That is a tough call so I would recommend that you date her friend to make her jealous .
How do I ask another woman to join is in the bedroom ?
You are single and can not find a date .
You should ask a doctor or a person whom you trust .
So , shall I tell my significant other that I do not enjoy his companionship ?
Initially , become soaked in the rainwater and inform your gentleman friend to transport you and snuggle together .
Perhaps she is intentionally making it difficult for you or she is interested but does not want to admit it .
Simply inquire if he 'd object to your transmittal of those types of photographs .
2 . My initial experience ( and final ) experience participating in sexual intercourse while viewing television .
Stop letting your husband slack on his responsibilities .
If you are lonely you can talk to me .
The meaning of that is that you have a new little sister .
If I see you with another woman , I might just do something drastically crazy !
If you like sports , then play Volleyball , Basketball , or something similar .
Do not have sex if you can not care for a baby .
Men are moe tough then they are strong .
She is still your friend regardless .
Take her out on a date .
Some men with experience do not know what they are doing .
Ask her is she has have been physically intimate with anyone .
Oh , and tell your boyfriend why you do not like him .
I am going to personally say yes .
If you are too young , such as around twelve-years-old , then no .
I 'm fond of one particular gentleman , Jon , and in the past , he had fondness for me , as well .
One may be good at coitus and the other is good at listening .
Men are beautiful regardless of their appearance or deeds .
And yes , I have many chances .
It seems as if he may have discovered an alternative method for providing himself bodily pleasure .
Do n't expect to purchase an expensive gift .
A woman who is perverse but not promiscuous , do you understand ?
Relax with spending .
As a man , I know many men are in relationships for personal gain .
What 's the reason you 're not willing to let nonsense increase ?
It really depends on whether she is unattractive , and how much so .
I do not think so . Unless , however , you are trying to commit suicide ?
I would sya no , unless you love it .
All she dreams about is him when she does .
If you smell , you should use soap .
That 's how I envision it .
You could say , 'Hello dear , would you like to have a soda ? '
I feel I do not have a chance because another girl likes the same guy as me .
The information given was a little vague .
As for me , I am a pure-bred Mexican .
Try and stay positive . You will find your true love soemday .
I would not be able to live with her death .
She knows it is not love .
It does not matter what gender they are .
It is your personal choice .
It might hurt , but it is time to move on .
Who is on your mind ?
You need to have fun while you are young .
Your first impression was uncomfortable , just stop texting her .
Yes , if I was trying to end the relationship .
I guarantee I will avoid including my friends as partners !
I would not be agitated unless an unseemly person was watching .
If you are not improving and enjoying yourselves , then the relationship is over .
Do you suffer from schizophrenia , or some other mental illness ?
We make them uneasy and they act unintelligently .
We only get touched for times a wekk .
I would enjoy it if she pleasures herself in front of me .
You can believe what you want to believe .
Why waste your time on an individual that would disrespect you .
Most men try to act ignorant around the women they are attracted to .
Inquire of him directly , whether he wishes to become your spouse .
It would look interesting , but it is fine as long as you love each other .
It will eventually be worth the trouble .
What do you mean ?
Or me male ego can not deal with a woman knowing about it .
He abused me mentally and physically .
It means that he really cherishes you .
He is the one who is n't in love with you .
I there any chance that they like each other ?
Most men are not truly unintelligent ; you are simply meeting the wrong people .
The wedding is simply not about you .
We have sexual interactions over the telephone every day and never tire of it .
You should do something that most people have not .
Perhaps she no longer boasts regarding him to her acquaintances , as before .
Experience personalized entertainment at this point given your unattached status .
You should not have sexual relations with your cousin .
Sometimes you must let men know your preferences .
The speed of the relationship depends on how long you have been talking .
Here is not where you will find one .
Young boys want to become men , and men want women .
Trust your sense of humor , your beauty , your intelligence , you relationships and how you connect with others , and characteristics like that .
I would not want or need anything else .
There is an extremely attractive man in my neighborhood .
He either loves you or not .
Please email me if you have the answer .
If you like him , then it is not bad .
You may have already made her uncomfortable .
Women can also have them .
Marry her at the courthouse .
See what excites you more .
Find me if you would like to have a lot of fun .
You are just another booty call .
I am outside of your window .
The frist kiss sent my head spinning .
Some men do and others do not .
I think that 'no answer ' is your response and you simply do not want to acknowledge it .
Women want to take their time , savor the moment , men want to get straight to it .
Please him orally , on occasion .
Perhaps he simply is checking to see how you are doing .
I do not think we will lie to you if you ask him .
I do not like Valentines Day .
To make the house look and smell clean : get rid of the cat , steam the carpet , furniture , and bed linen , and , spray for insects .
If he cared about you , he would not have looked at the other girl .
End the relationship , he is not interested in you .
You must speak out against it .
Is putting a ad in the local paper something we can do ?
I am asking because it seems that men are always ready for sex .
It is a sexual story as well .
I apologize , but that is repulsive .
Hey , brother , if you do not have a Miami address , you 're best served by traveling to this location . It is the most ideal .
If you like her , ask her out .
I do not . Although , Homer Simpson is attractive .
Tell him that he is an attractive vampire .
I do not believe in astrology .
When you find your diamond in the ruff , hopefully he will want you for you .
The one I went to had a belly dancer and I found it lame .
Nobody has the ability to dictate their dream 's behavior .
Perhaps that is why they are called fantasies .
You could ask him .
Is he into sex toys ?
Do exciting activities , such as covering yourselves in whipped cream or some other delicious food .
I bet you will get him , so good luck .
Do not allow her to confuse you .
Tell them that you are sad .
Certain people are unable to exist without it and others are able to .
It could be a friend , a spouse , or even a family member .
It can work if you want it to .
Are you serious about your age because I am twenty-five .
It is too strange .
She is manipulative and wants someone she can toy with .
Older children might enjoy putt putt golf , laser tag , or go-karts .
If that does not work , tell him you have an Sexually Transmitted Disease .
Inform her that it disturbs you . If she does n't terminate , hasten departure .
A lot of women here that are from the Philippines , met their partner online and got married .
Please explain why you did not ask him out .
If being apart makes them happy , then you should be happy too .
When he knows I am not paying attention , he will stare at a woman .
He 's no longer seeing me .
You have a significant history with him , so you know his true character .
You are living in a fantasy , not reality .
The next day I went with my boyfriend to dinner .
He 's not fond of your children , you 're not fond of his ?
It would be better if it was a chess cake .
That will show her she is important compared to your friends .
If it is about love and you can then it is probably good .
There are alot of other guys .
Why can she not see because we all can .
We have flirted a lot , but I am still unsure .
You should sit them down , let them know that they should be understanding , and support you .
There are many sexual questions I get asked .
Cut him off now to ensure he will be use to it when you get married .
And you can start any time , so long as you have protection .
You have to be straight forward .
I would work some more with him .
I married the sister of my high school sweetheart .
Pregnant females become less interested in that fashion .
Do you own a nice cast iron skillet ?
You have to ask him questions directly , if he plans on staying in your life until death do us part .
I have been on dates , though not as many as I could have if I had pretended to be unintelligent .
He says that he respects and understand my desire to wait .
What should I say ?
Do n't let it affect you so severely .
Life is like a roller coaster ; you need to adapt to it .
Forget him if he is joking about liking you .
It is as people say : there is someone for everyone .
Do you know how I know that he did not love you ?
Try to watch pornography together .
What are a girl 's options ?
Get out of the relationship . Then continue with your life .
You do not date a friends younger sister .
If he genuinely loves you , then he would not care whether or not you have anything to offer .
If he does n't pay child support , call the police .
Do not tell anyone .
Is that question directed for men ?
Converse with her and discover whether or not she is interested in you .
If you are attracted to men , you might be bisexual .
She apparently never recovered from breaking up with you the first time .
How can I inform him ?
How am I supposed to handle a situation such as this ?
Depend on the woman because she will do it if she likes your bottom .
I am merely attempting to avoid quarrels . She becomes jealous with ease .
You experience the most incredible sensation you 've experienced so far in your entire existence .
I want her to realize what will happen before something bad happens .
One is made aware by the manner in which they view you and the manner employed by that individual to converse with you .
I begin quietly then gradually crescendo until I suddenly blast it loudly .
I 've learned lots of new information , that I was n't aware of before .
Simply inform her of your feelings and the reason you feel lovingly towards her .
the one that I had with your mother .
Ok , ask me one question at a time , you are confusing me .
I am certain that is what a man would want .
You will have your answer when you see what she says .
It is also good , and I invested in a food business there .
What should I try because I want to spice things up .
I make a different choice every so often .
Go on many dates with different men in order to forget him .
You have two choices . Get over him , or wait for him .
Ponder it . My opinion is to terminate the relationship .
We can talk about it if you want .
Sure , if you are a boy .
I thought that i would never be asked out on a date , but someone finally asked me .
You are most likely too young to get married if you are asking these questions .
I did not cheat on my wife when I was married .
But a woman will never admit it .
Who knows , so you should let them alone .
Just laugh , you will feel better .
You should make sure you want to communicate .
You need to tell your partner and attempt to understand him . Help youself by helping each other .
Hopefully one they they will see the truth .
Before you make a big mistake , have a conversation about this .
There is no better way than to tenderly tell him right away .
You should ask him to join you at dinner or a film .
Getting her intoxicated and then kissing her worked for me .
Pray for guidance as people will come and go in your life .
Have your parents hung out with the two of you before ?
No , it is only if they are sick .
I would not want him to .
Reflect on his personality , is he a nice , decent person ?
Be a friend . Allow him some time to be alone .
Allow your personality to show . Do not pretend to be someone else , women can sense that .
It is easy to say yes , but I suspect it would be difficult to actually do .
Refrain from initiating action because she 'll receive her due at some future date and time .
I am afraid to ask him if he is still interested in me , because I used to feel the same .
I think that people always want what they can not have .
Send me more information if you need help .
Do we want our moms to be liars ?
Girls are not bad liars .
Did you ask him what caused him to be unfaithful ?
It is better to tell someone news over the phone or in person .
It is not as simple with children .
Distance makes it harder to lie .
On top of the covers with the lights off and a few candles lit .
After a few days he broke up with me .
Love is caring for someone or something .
Wait because you are still a child .
That means you can have both options without leaving anything .
If he says no , then he is being unfaithful .
Return to pleasuring yourself orally .
No , are you male or female ?
I would do it as it costs nothing .
If you still desire your ex , do n't approach anyone new .
My husband and I moved in two weeks ago . You should go for it .
It is the same reason as mine .
Some men simply need some additional stimulation to complete the task , so to speak .
You should continue if you like him .
Who goes on in mens ' heads ?
No , he knows that we are not acquainted with one another .
Do not allow if if you do not want it , even if he never admits to it .
Men do not think with their heads .
It is personality that makes women happy .
When you are attracted to a man , who is attracted to you .
Trust me even though I know it is quite a bit to remember .
Remember , this man needs to help with your expenses as well .
Allow him to become inebriated , then remove your clothing .
Have intercourse with someone you love .
I would probably not date an adult entertainer .
I do not care for large breasts .
Then Jon inquired if I would become jealous if spent time with another woman named Alyssa .
What do you enjoy doing ?
My thoughts and attention span on this disappeared , and I suspect other men 's thoughts and attention did too .
If you can make them laugh , they will love you .
One said , ' I can not leave my kids . ' The other asked , 'Why did you ask me to have coffee with you ? '
My guess is between 300 and 400 .
If she does not like you , then , move on you are still young , but , you got to be yourself !
What did you expect ?
Try it . You may find that you enjoy not being consumed with sexual desire .
My husband and I was married on July 7th of 2001 . We went to Hawaii for two weeks for our honeymoon .
How do I get out of it ?
Are you in love with him ?
Perhaps you 'd best feel no concern whatsoever .
True love is when you are in love and never feel bored .
What reason exists for your failure to obtain employment ; in such a case , you 'd have your own funds .
If you make each other happy then , then do what you know .
I simply desire a selection of quality romance tunes to enjoy . I 'm aware of the sappiness quotient , however , so what ?
You will not come across as being cheep if you do not have sex with him .
What should a person do who is interested in a woman who may or may not also be interested ?
The chase is over once they are interested .
That does not mean he does n't care for you !
He could not have noticed that .
Due to the majority behaving as oversexed morons unable to obtain it at all .
How old are you ? Also , I would like to be your friend .
The decision is entirely up to you but do n't spend too much time looking .
Do not probe , let him tell you when he feels competent enough to do it .
That is very revealing .
The money might be nice , but there is more going on behind the scenes .
If you do not act quickly , you might loose the one you love to someone else .
You can learn from this .
Should I break up with him or not ?
Your age difference is rather drastic , so you should be careful .
I laughed very hard when I read it .
Go to a party , and strike a conversation with the party goers .
Because they believe they 're well-liked and attractive and they simply possess those qualities in regard to courting .
Tell him the worst thing he can say is no .
I want to be respected , and I would like him to be kind .
He is not worth your time anyways !
What do you think ?
The gentleman my friend likes claims that he would like to get to know her better .
We girls will never know the answer to that question .
I think you should since women feel mature for their age .
Are you in love with someone ?
I stopped a child who was running across the street in the rain from jay walking .
Do not give him want he wants so easily , because it will give him too much control faster than what you want .
It is strange that someone so young is answering questions on here .
If you would like to , you can have intercourse .
Do not allow a man to control you .
Did he volunteer the information or did you catch him ?
Is it really wise to marry a man accused of two attempted murders ?
You must accept the truth , even though it is sad .
If she is shy , then she is most likely very interested in you .
Unless it is one sided love , I would do anything to the extent of giving my soul away .
Have them take a quality lie detector test .
I am having a terrible day as well .
Even when his phone is on silent mode , he can see the missed calls .
Where do you live ?
Set up a dinner date with her .
In actuality , however , they are simply a negative experience .
Phone sex is an alternative to having sex .
Decide where you are going to live once you talk to her .
I do n't believe that would be at all useful .
She favors dyeing her hair various colors .
This is your time and your life .
I do not know .
Have a nice day .
Do it for your man .
In the event its size makes occupying the mouth impossible .
How old are you and your mother ?
So how do I go about telling them ?
Some people are just very ignorant .
Does he care about relatable subjects or not ?
That is not nice if you do that to your friend .
Excellent appearance , refined tendencies , and , without a doubt , an excellent physique constitutes a desirable female companion .
It will be painful either way .
They have never had anyone treat them that way , so they are apathetic .
What do you mean because it seems like you know nothing about women .
Do you have a website photo page , or similar ?
Start by telling her that you want to kiss her .
It is painful when you have sex .
I would not concern myself with heroin .
You might love him , but you need to leave him .
Some men have a cute appearance from behind .
There are beautigul girls everywhere .
V6 , JJ , and I go to school with him .
People invent many reasons to explain why they have not found the right person .
It sounds like he needs to mature .
You should let her try a sports ' bra on .
I have been nice to her continuously . What else is there to do ?
You two broke up so let him take care of it .
This is the best way to find your answer .
I agree with Gab 's observation that there is no way to know .
Finally , the Muslim question is hilarious .
The upside down kiss in Spider-Man caught him off guard .
You should not think that way because it can give everyone the impression that you are unintelligent .
Do they genuinely love you , or are they simply stating their love without proof ?
You know they are merely dreams .
I find a hairy chest and chin to be attractive .
He is ignoring you for the same reason that we ignore you .
Do I have to get over my crush ?
I proposed to her once by mistake , and she accepted .
What is it was a guy ?
It is not the only things that is true .
Every man will like different things about a woman .
Simply inform her that you occasionally require a hug .
Avoid simply transferring it from yourself to her .
Perhaps , you two should separate for a short period of time .
School is fun around the time you are in sixth grade .
Usually , you love your partner more when you 're sexually intimate .
Men merely want sincere and caring women who can accommodate them in life . That is it .
His brother introduced us .
I would advise you to not hold back .
I suppose it requires a lot of patience .
It is n't necessary , but it is incredibly helpful .
My answer was , yes , very much so .
From the sound of it , he already has a girlfriend .
Whether or not you are wearing a skirt and heeled shoes or loose jeans .
He clearly is attempting to engage a different female , therefore , I would withdraw .
Tell him that it is over , in a nice way .
I would never pack a bag for my husband !
You need to find someone else . And stop stalking them .
Avoid being idiotic , as I have seemed .
I understand as I have the same problem .
It was disgusting when my girlfriend bit my phallus off then proceeded to eat it .
I would n't want my boyfriend to have lunch with another woman especially on Valentine 's Day .
Obesity is responsible for the second highest amount of deaths in young people .
It will happen again if you find her .
I wished I knew the correct response .
Go to a vacation resort that is very important in her life .
She does not want anyone to say anything about the situation .
Send me an instant message right now on Yahoo messenger . My ID is pao_sky2000 .
That was similar to my situation 2 years ago .
He says that you do not love him because you have only called him twice .
I think that a lot of things are important .
Please her sexually as well .
I know quite a few decent gentlemen .
Keep looking for that special person and you will find them !
Even though it is acceptable , your partner does not need to know everything you think about .
It is more exciting so you 're aware , being shy is a hindrance .
I used to do it frequently .
Casually place it out there .
They are very untruthful .
Being intimate with a friend , cab create a rift in the relationship .
Find a woman who has similar interests as you .
If you truly care for this person then you ought to try it .
Just curious as to whether any women have advice about having sexual relations for the first time ?
No , only if you would like your friend to watch as well .
It is difficult being eight years old , right ?
The two of you need a marriage counselor or a larger bed .
Intercourse is an important as air and water .
Trust me , it can become unpleasant .
They loved each other since ten years ago .
Their friends will continually talk badly about you to others .
You do not have to pay back state and federal grants .
The internet is a wrong place .
You will not require special shoes .
You can tell that is just friendship if he will not even sit with you .
If he will not perform oral sex , then do n't let him have sexual intercourse with you .
Who ended the relationship ?
I would say Adam and Eve , but they were smart .
I am taken aback by the size of your ego .
It is easy to make a cake .
No . Enter reality , this is not a place to communicate freely .
Why ca n't you just do this one thing ?
If he loves her , then why not be in a relationship with her ?
Tell him he is the boss , or leave him to find someone else .
Get to a doctor if you have not already .
Whether my friends agree with this or not , I believe as a friend , I am irreplaceable .
Say that you love him/her in order to surprise him/her .
He always says he is sorry , but then in a month he is lying and being dishonest .
My boyfriend is similar to a government mule when he farts and belches .
If he only likes you for what you do , try doing something that he would not like doing and see how he reacts .
If you do not tell him the truth you will always wonder .
It is fate .
Love them , because God granted you love first .
You should think this through carefully .
I will never forget that odd moment when I fell to my knees .
Play the selection 'Baby , Baby , Stay Gone , ' a song by Jimmy Wayne .
However , I derive pleasure from heavy petting , including even a small amount of stroking .
In the first place , do not do anything unless you want to do it .
I married an attractive , rude man and I later divorced him .
It is only worth it if both of you can wait .
If you do not leave him alone , you might run into some trouble .
Love is not frightening . If it is , then it is not love . You have not met the right man yet . Good luck .
You have a right to date as well as to proceed with your life .
Your mother was wrong in whom she kicked out .
Aright , do not buy her edible panties if you want the night to be special !
It is n't for you .
Do not pressure women as it will not result in a positive response .
Yes , but I hope I never have to do so .
We sat on my bed together , and I looked into her eyes before going in for the kiss .
Wait . Perhaps it is not yet time for you to meet the right person .
The options are to co-exist peacefully with the individual or to not do so .
I am not at all prudish . I enjoy oral intercourse and pornography , I am also attractive .
The waves to not normally get that big when it is raining .
You 've become uninterested in engaging with him personally .
No , not in actuality . However , if you become impregnated , your baby may be born deceased or suffer deformities and/or illness upon birth .
Showing her should cause fewer fights than hiding things .
Do not go on another date with her .
If women are not attracted to you because of it . Is their own problem .
What will I do with the two of them ?
Was his boss mean to him ?
If you look straight into his eyes , you will get an answer .
Just like other men , I too like women younger .
If he needs to kill himself to get over this then so be it .
Then , he attempted suicide , and my unintelligent self went to see him in the hospital .
Post Script , I am not criticizing or labeling you .
Do not let sex ruin anything .
Men are also people , and they have feelings just as women do .
Both women and men are different .
It has several different meanings .
Yes , if you stop being lazy .
A man is a man .
There are many men who are , but not all men .
Mine do live .
There must be a reason for her jealousy .
It is very telling that he does n't like children .
She did it once .
If you are attracted to males and females , you 're therefore bisexually oriented .
I enjoy a man with a round posterior , it 's attractive .
Why bother , if you are not thinking about marrying this guy ?
Different people have different preferences ; I strongly prefer doggie-style .
If you are attracted to her , I suppose it is alright .
I reccommend that you show him more love and attention .
I could n't believe it , until I saw her eyes in person .
We got together 9 months ago when I was 15 years old , and we are still together .
If you are horny , you should have sex .
I hope the girl will not care I have had casual sex before .
The man did not do it to you .
Have a conversation in a non-accusing tone ?
My boyfriend loves me , and I hope your boyfriend loves you .
I live in Romania , you should visit !
Be married if that is what you want .
You had an intimate interlude with her , she is the boss , and that is just that .
I believe he did n't , because he feels terrible .
He is a jerk , but he says he wants to be with me .
If you are truly her friend , then , you would not even consider it !
Congratulations to the bride and groom , she is a lucky girl !
You are , however , too good for her in any event .
Transmit a video recording of you having sexual relations ; it 's lucrative .
Her appearance would not matter .
I do not think that the chickens care .
She had attempted to use the credit cars , she learned they were not working .
In the event she 's romantically inclined , obtain a bouquet and candies , despite the conclusion of Valentine 's Day .
Do you have a desire to be criticized as unintelligent ?
I want to try something a little more exciting .
You should not have intercourse if you are not aroused , as it will be painful .
No , he merely enjoys conversing with you .
Wait and watch what happens if you believe this will lead you to a heart break .
It can not be love , because you do not know her .
I have been in that same situation .
How could you rationalize doing something like this and then telling other people about it ?
I hope it all works out , either finding your loved one again or finding a new partner .
However , they need not be partially unclothed .
Protect yourself from getting pregnant if you are not ready to become a mother .
You should be more careful next time and prevent yourself from being hurt .
Just have some fun and do not let it bother you , play the field !
I believe that women also do it .
Not having sexual relations is very beneficial when the woman is grotesque .
You will find the person who you can love .
You will find many sweet meanings when you 're in love .
She did that to you ?
You should tell her you love her and attempt to find money .
Take a chance and tell her .
My Yahoo chat name was previously 'oscreamifyoudoitright . '
What should you do if your boyfriend has n't called or messaged you in three weeks ?
This is how my wife makes me pay attention .
There is something missing from their relationship , because they are not happy .
You are my best friend in the world .
It depends on your age .
It 's simple , find someone in the jail who can marry you .
Did did not know that untill now .
Accomplish the task once you 've become betrothed .
You are still going to feel that you are unable to trust men .
Women do not speak of it , a lot .
Would you like to discuss what is happening ?
Those moments during which you 're unable to remove that individual from your thoughts .
Do not go back for him .
Gaze into her eyes and smile softly .
It means exactly what she says it means .
I 'm a Gemini . Honestly , I do n't believe in horoscopes .
It is only about sex for some guys .
Yes , my ex girlfriend stated that as well .
He did not really love you if all he wanted was a makeout session .
You did not mention whether your wife has children .
It appears that he has only lukewarm feelings for you .
You can pick someone better .
You will have more temptations rather than being in love .
I do not want to see him again .
Perhaps you find a location that is far enough from home , but close enough so your family can visit once a month ?
When you can hear each other with out talking .
A woman knows what I want in real life , correct ?
When you love each other , you will have intercourse .
Consider getting a job and sending him money .
I can not help wondering if it was me .
What will happen if the relationship does not work out ?
Be genuine , but do not talk too much or be too promiscuous .
It is unfair , according to myself .
It could be love , it is possible after 4 months .
I possess a pair : You render your own determination .
Do you have the same kind of behind as a chicken ?
Men are so good at this , there is simply no comparison !
Personality first and foremost , then being in shape , finally , kindness .
You can be interested in whoever you want .
Just admit that she does not want to date you .
Why not just vex every man ?
It is alright , now , Yaar .
Yes , I believe you should rehome the cat .
That is a good start because you sound attractive .
To begin , select specifically a single man you 're enraptured by .
Why would a man decide not to date a virgin ?
My advice is to think deeply about it .
You will never get any peace of mind having him around you .
It was a man , not a boy .
You clearly acted correctly .
I would like a companion to talk to .
Like myself , I am currently in a long distance relationship .
I think being playfully difficult is the best strategy .
To some degree , I prefer to date heavier men .
You should send your ex a Valentines ' Day gift .
When a person is as attractive as you are , it is worth the effort .
You are the only attractive person that I see .
Sexual activity with my attractive man ( I was not required to provide him to others ) .
Decline his proposal and if he continues that , leave him .
No matter what your daughter comes first in all aspects of your life .
There is a perfect match for every woman .
I made it and you can as well .
Have your best friend tell him .
Do any other females feel the same way ?
If it is true love then he will wait for you without cheating on you .
Do not take life seriosuly , you are young .
They have a hard face .
Yes , leave quickly .
True love will fin you anywhere as long as you 're honest .
I contemplate sexual activity constantly , and to a greater extent than every male friend .
( Performed in as off-key a manner as is conceivable ) Inane tunes are the course of action to take !
Hold you head up and just smile .
They are , at most , five years older than you .
Approach her and tell her that you are the man for whom she has been waiting all her life .
There are many more out there than what appear to be available at present .
Without regard to whether or not they chuckle on the occasion .
In my head , it did .
All gentlemen are different when it comes to girls ; we fall for all types of girls .
It is fine , as long as you have romantic interest in him .
You 're developmentally stunted and were you my child , you 'd prohibited from socializing with the opposite sex .
I would like to help , but I am too lazy to read the question .
The rest is simply cosmetic .
Find someone that you deserve .
I have been socializing with a very attractive man and our relationship is progressing positively everyday .
I very much love my former lover .
Furthmore , avoid the plants that I mentioned .
If she is attracted to you , that would be great .
If your reason is because you have affections for some one else , then communicate that .
How is it wrong to discriminate based on sexual orientation .
Personally , I find it creepy , although some people do find it intensely pleasurable , which I do not understand .
Anyone who loves you should consider your feelings as well .
Until that time , stop being so inconsiderate .
It is every man 's dream when she says it does not mean anything .
Also , you should behave very respectfully in relation to it , as well .
Are you perhaps sending an inappropiate message ?
You need to let it go , and move on .
I am able to tell that all of you girls think differently .
What happened to his queen ?
It depends on you .
If it is worth it to you , then I supposed you could try it .
I 'm uncertain . Are you ready ?
Would you like to date men or women ?
You can go as far as you want to go .
If she asks me , I do not know the answer .
What 's the reason for your unemployment ?
I like him alot .
I asked him how he knew that I was looking at you .
Would he be bothered if you asked other men for pictures ?
It could n't have been that bad if they wed in spite of it .
I am letting you know that it was very long .
Women are not easily sexually aroused , you need heop
You are probably too young and immature to get married if you have to ask .
I always argue with my mother 's boyfriend .
I am a self-proclaimed sex-addict . I do not know if something is wrong with me , or if I simply enjoy sex .
Their favorite position is your money in their hands .
I got offered to stay the night at a girls house that I know .
Tell them that they should have asked you earlier as you already have a date .
Stop dreaming and thinking of what could be .
If you do inspire her to impress you , then you do not look the same to her .
When I look back on it , I am not too sure why I did that in the first place !
I am not asking him on a date or anything similar .
It is too much risk if you are asking for my opinion .
If you are truly interested in the answer , just ask her .
What use is a nice appearance if he is rude ?
Ask him if he would like to go on a date with you .
This is our only issue ; we get along great otherwise .
From where do you obtain these statistics ?
If no one that you like asks you for a date , then just refuse .
It probably is discomforting for him .
I am intelligent , but I do not think I am intelligent enough for him .
Have you never been interested in a girl but not enough to be in a relationship with ?
That would be awful if you broke up after that .
You are completely new to me .
Retreat from the situation quickly and do not look back .
I heard some people say that if were to ask God for forgiveness for loving the opposite sex , then , you will be able to enter into heaven in the afterlife .
I care for him as a very good friend .
Learn how to spell because I can not understand your question .
I suggest you refrain from doing something you would regret at a later date .
He will not tell you , because he likes to talk to someone else .
I started drinking and smoking because of it .
There is no problem if you agree with him ; however , what are your feelings in this regard ?
Get one as thick as you want .
She has a constant fear .
Look for younger men even though some fifty year old men are good looking .
What is the opposite of being above me ?
It 's not something that males like to do .
Why can you not simply ask her on a date ?
She simply is my true love even if she is not considered special by others .
Have you ever heard of a pajama party ?
Do you really enjoy hurting people who are so important to you ?
My friend often teases me because of my personality .
No , move on with your life . I have been through this before .
A lot of guys dream about the same thing .
It is not a good idea to date everyone .
I have the same problem .
Karma will rear its head on him again .
Do not let him see you when you are depressed .
But we are very happy , and we enjoy our lives .
Date him on a single occasion and , should you have enjoyed the encounter , then , do n't be stupid , maintain his company .
Why do the more exciting sports have lots of physical contact ?
You should not obtain another dog for him .
You should love the person you are having sexual relations with .
It is better to loose a lover then like someone with no ambition .
You love your wife if you are asking this question .
If you want to be perceived as a potential girlfriend for someone , you should be genuine .
My breasts are too big for this shirt .
Read my Questions and Answers section . I was in a relationship with a friend of my new girlfriend and I broke up with her .
I am merely his friend . I love him , but he seems not to know .
Sex feels great and is one of the most important things a man can do in life .
Also , it 's in his current residence , right under Angelina 's nose . Is n't that interesting ?
If a African American man breaks into my house it is safe to assume that African Americans are criminals .
Did he not find me attractive that night ?
Wear a sexy outfit , and then get yourself all dolled up for him , and make his favorite dinner , then end the night with some kinky sex !
Women like honesty .
Initially , his comment in and of itself merely demonstrates the true extent of his character .
It was at least one a week if he did call .
Women attracted to other women is not unique . Some nourish it , while others allow it to fade over time .
I am because if I was not , then I would be with a woman .
This question is for women especially : have you ever been in a relationship with a man who you did not know well ?
Oh , indeed , if you genuinely feel compelled to do so ... deliver one to him , as well .
I guess it makes for quick access .
However females are less concerned , compared to males , at least .
Or simply enthused regarding their romantic relationship ?
I recommend handing them a toilet brush .
There is no need to keep playing immature games .
That is not typical for a man .
I would probably break up with him for that .
In my singular opinion , I do not prefer artificial breasts .
What a tangled web we weave , when first , we practice to deceive .
I do not understand why you are confused . The man wanted you for sexual reasons .
Do n't provide him with many opportunities .
I am merely curious . Thank you for answering .
I do n't see anything wrong with the two of you not wanting to have intercourse .
Become akin to wild animals . Have intercourse at any location .
I believe that will happen , why not ?
Or do you actually love me ?
Are you not answering your own questions ?
I do not mean 'flirting ' as in pretending not to know .
Enjoy you life , because you only live once .
I begin by remarking on what they are wearing .
And he was under the impression I had an enjoyable experience .
Girls show they are more sensitive then boys do .
Leave her and move on .
If you two are meant to be together , love will find a way .
You should not give him another chance to hurt you .
You can of course , but are you sincere ?
Women want a challenge . Not a man who they can easily control .
Observe his how he acts .
I would not date someone again after we broke up .
It is the Holy Grail .
Be careful and use protection .
Remember it 's your decision . You do n't have to do anything you do n't want to .
It is n't a negative item .
Enjoy your life . Do not allow him to slow your progress .
Forgive and forget as little as possible .
If a man does not care he would not care .
All men do it , even those who 're married .
Lately he avoids me , and will not talk to me .
Divorce is not an action popular with children .
Every day you should try to do one good deed .
Begin searching for someone closer to your age with whom you have something in common .
I just want to be friends with women , said no guy ever !
Do you understand ?
It depends on the both of you .
You sound very sorry , so you should .
What matters is how long and how thick .
I am in my mid-twenties and still inexperienced .
If it 's unimportant , then why is she dating another woman ?
Have some patience and give him a chance to get to know your children .
If they are in love with each other , then they will live together .
Yes you can . Did you miss the day they mentioned that in sexual education class ?
Accept this as truth , darling , individuals are sometimes different than they initially present themselves .
When you want to embrace him each time you see him .
All you can do is think about them when you hear that love song .
Does he not trust me ?
Do not be concerned about that .
It will change when you are older .
He will find another , but you seem to want something more .
You can always try to invest in stocks and bonds .
From your statement it would appear that you are merely holding onto a dream . Dr. Checko ( which is a nickname ) .
Tell the truth and deal with the consequences .
I believe unintelligent far exceeds foolish .
Why does the color of someone 's skin matter ?
You should tell her to wait .
He still wants to be only friends .
If you become involved with a mess , you will find yourself embroiled in a mess .
You need to make him believe you have interest in his best friend .
They seem to be a better friend now .
This is not something that should be accomplished through e-mail .
If I get broken up with over it , then I deserve it .
She will need to listen and find out what happens .
It is better to say 'Let 's stop ' .
Inform her to reconsider .
I disagree . It seems to me that you girls are too fearful .
Tell him it is your way , or you will not listen .
When I first became involved with Matt , I was very interested in Jon and I did not know he felt the same .
it is the same reason that men do it .
If you dress appropriately , you will attract nicer men .
She will find out if we slept together .
That is an ignorant question . If you do not know , you never will .
Yes , you love him , but do you want to risk him receiving a sexually transmitted disease and giving it to you ?
I need many answers so please attempt this .
It should not matter what his butt is like if the man treats you well .
They no longer want to be your friend , correct ?
They are a large part of your life .
Some men are made uneasy by marriage and other commitments , and a discussion might be effective .
Most married men are happy .
Simply assure her that her parents lover her very much even though they no longer live together .
Tell her you 've been there , and he gave you a sexually transmitted infection .
You can start by saying hi , and having a casual conversation .
I inquired as to whether he continued to feel positively towards me and he responded negatively .
You need to do the things that you like doing .
In all likelihood the answer is 'no ' because he does not really know her if they me online .
It is abnormal and not normal .
Do not force it . You may make a mistake if you do .
If he does n't like her , then it would be of her best interests to move on .
You will not receive a positive response .
You have somebody with whom to share both your good and your bad moments .
Determine whether or not she returns your email missive or discover the result personally .
It is possible that the flowers might be too strong .
You two should have sex frequently .
You already know the answer .
If you are patient you may be rewarded .
Your past should not be the thing to stand in your way if you girl trusts and is in love with you .
I would say that if it is three all together , then , that is cool , nothing is really wrong with that , but , otherwise , no .
It 's usually the one who is not good in bed .
Do not attempt to impress her . Simply let her know that you are interested in her .
My virginity was forsaken at 17 years of age ; I was genuinely unaware of the reason underlying the excess of hyperbole .
Do you have conversations with people in the Yahoo chat rooms ?
If you have feelings for his friend instead , you should tell him .
I do not like skinny women .
Why do married or men in committed relationships cheat ?
What , exactly , do men want from women ?
Why are people risking so much for sex ?
It 's woeful , the way in which certain persons behave .
Most girls will think that is weird if you wait too long .
Are you having trouble with the one you have ?
Behave directly ... Ahem , do you gentlemen plan to include me in this discussion , or what 's the alternative ?
Throw a party and invite all your girlfriends . There she can mingle with new people .
If you are twenty-five years old and he is thirty-four , that is not partiucarly bad .
You have to remember 'food ' and 'sex ' if you want to attract your husband 's attention and have sex .
You may find a tall beautiful blonde but she will not be smart .
Ask a question and you might get the answer .
Was it her personality that made you fall in love ?
Trust me , you will regret it later in life .
Just stop wasting time , and talk to him !
The leading cause of divorce is getting married .
You know what he is doing , but you do not care , because you allow him to lie .
You are unaware of his true age ?
Yes , you can fall in love after four months because I did .
Simply tell him you respect yourself .
I am interested in a woman who attends the same school as me .
Do you have dreams about her when you sleep at night ?
Talk to a friend if that does not work .
I do not even converse with other men .
That is a very good way to begin the day .
It would be enjoyable to have a picnic lunch in a beautiful , quiet and private setting .
Where does he work , how many hours does he work , ask those questions .
You know , we do it as well .
I have been in this situation .
If in doubt , ask her permission .
I am searching for a woman who is a virgin , as I am one too .
Do not say too much .
In that case , a personality that is not too undesirable .
Do not fear , you will most likely mature and think differently .
They are addicted to that feeling of ecstasy .
I do not want her to die .
You can follow someone around if you want .
If you fancy the man , vocalize the affirmative . If you 're not romantically interested , respond in the negative .
The world is full of men .
Find someone new , because you would not have gotten married .
You need to sign another one with each other every day .
You are welcome to join the party , as I believe everyone has the right to enjoy my girlfriend stripping .
Do n't worry about fickle things .
Unless , of course , if was a good dream .
Love can lead to heart ache .
I do not have to be a certain religion to attend a wedding .
Save your broken heart , and find someone who will treat your heart right .
You do not need to have all women like you , only one .
The flirting most likely led you to believe that he wanted more .
Request her contact details . If she fails to provide them , the obvious conclusion is she has no affection directed at yourself .
For me , it is a woman being mature .
Break up with him . You loving him does not mean he feels the same .
That really is not any of your business .
But , i have my own ideas and opinions as well .
The abbreviation LOL stands for laughing out loud .
Would you say it is acceptable for me to have sex with my girlfriend ?
You never know what might help . Try flirting with women .
Do n't allow a rival female to have an opportunity with the object of your affection .
Just kidding he says , as he throws a banana at the screen and scratches head .
I would persue a intimate relationship with her even if she had just been intimate with him .
Behave appropriately and heed your heart 's desire !
Ask her out on a casual date .
You are unable to have a wedding while incarcerated .
You have to say hello .
First of all , they are just like you . So you should not call them daft and unattractive .
I love my sister very much but she often enters harmful relationships .
You have to go to Iraq , but keep in touch .
I suggest standing on a chair or walking on stilts !
No , he just really enjoying switching girlfriends from time to time .
You are my one and only true love .
Most people do n't really go there .
Has anyone had sex with their spouse before marriage ?
There is nothing shameful about sex .
You can surprise him !
Your story is similar to a television series .
I think their husbands are not good enough .
In that case , I think it is nothing to worry about .
If you love someone , then it is for their personality , not their race .
I quit and joined the REC team , it was much more enjoyable .
The issue with women is that , the ones that have poor body hygiene , think that they do not .
We are not becoming younger , and that is the adventure of life .
I confront him when he looks at another woman , but he denies it .
Youare correct but I nevertheless must do it or she will be angry .
Just make sure that you do not get involved in their fights .
Just in the event you two individuals are the closest of companions .
What should I do so I do not scare her away ?
Of course , if you are over the age of eighteen .
Socialize with your companions from younger days in order to become acquainted with alternative unmet companions .
People who do not understand it are most likely brainwashed .
It is not very attractive , in my opinion .
All i believe is that I agree with you .
Hmm , if you lack the knowledge , I 'll not inform you .
I am a man , and I know what actions you should take .
I like the song 'Sex and Candy . '
Perhaps she possesses the similar emotions that you possess .
I 'm not of the opinion he does n't find you trustworthy .
I am sorry to say but no , find employment .
You do not have to get married , as you could just become someone 's partner .
Do not do it if you are looking for advice .
Be true to yourself and do not let him use you .
This sounds strange but attempt to watch both kinds of pornography : one homosexual and one heterosexual .
If a woman could marry a dolphin , so nothing is impossible .
You should be yourself ; be honest and confident . If this is meant to be then it will happen .
It makes feel confident when men flirt with me , and are interested in me .
Behave yourself as I do not think your behavior now is appropriate .
It sounds like he has issues being faithful .
I do not let my girlfriend wait on me .
He loves me and would never be unfaithful towards me .
I frequently tell my man that I like him .
Do you want to come and sit in my cockpit ?
I like it when they lights are on and the woman is on top .
She may have left you just for your personality .
I ca n't believe he is talking to you .
The most important consideration is to enjoy yourself .
They are not playing sexual games .
I adore sexual intercourse , as well , and am unable to become satiated .
I enjoy talking with him . I do not feel particularly well unless I talk with him .
We are a bit eccentric around here .
That is great ; I still have a long way to go .
You can find someone better .
Men like a little mystery in a woman , but not too much .
I am happy I have her as my wife .
However , that is not a bad thing if you are with someone responsible and you enjoy it .
You will get married as soon as you decide you want to .
Just write him a note .
It does not matter your age , you should run anyway .
Tell him about the phone call .
I find that honesty is effective for me , and you should consider it .
He did n't take your feeling into account at all .
You will get over him , it is just hard right now .
I have been married three times and have two sons .
He is marrying a woman , correct ?
Politely ask why you have n't heard from her for some time .
The women you have been hanging around are not good for you .
What do you do if he 's appealingly attractive ?
If you do not tell her , she will believe you are hiding something .
That 's untrue . If you truly are in love , your relationship will remain strong , no matter what occurs .
Alternatively , you could spread rumors about her , from where ever you happen to be .
She accomplishes it once more , feel ashamed .
You are taking the right course of action . Divorce him and continue with your life .
Then go ahead and ask her out .
I can not play with him for very long because we have three children under five years old .
They have dieases , so they are not good to have around babies .
Everyone is self conscious about some part of their appearance .
You are not asking anything .
Life is great , that is the answer !
If there is nothing better to do .
Where do you live ?
Maybe he does n't want to have a conversation with you .
You will feel younger if you have young friends .
Surprise her with it , then bequeath presents during supper .
A boyfriend who is also his friend .
Tell him that your child needs him .
In live , you get that for which you pay .
But they still want to have intercourse with you .
You should not be concerned because everyone is attracted to other people .
My grandmother tell this story far better .
Yes , men think about copulation more that girls .
You should admit that it was on your mind .
You should see how it goes from there .
Although , the situation did n't conclude very positively .
What is it that you would like to do now ?
People do n't care for strangers .
Go to the wedding regardless of your feelings .
My best friend is a man . We have never attempted to take it further .
You should be angry about this .
I suggest asking them when they are taking a lie detector test .
It did not , in my case .
You will not discover love on the internet .
You should ask the girl to be your date to the dance .
You able to do many things .
What are you waiting for ? Pursue him !
Play with his friend .
Do you perspire much ?
Tell him to close hsi eyes if you are shy .
If he 's so conceited , he is not worth the simple goodness of your love .
You need to speak with him regarding it and ask him to stop .
Why would you ask something so simple , stereotypical , and pointless ?
Your three year old child already has a father .
Nineteen , almost twenty years old . How old are you ?
A woman should like you for you .
Travel to Henderson , North Carolina . A sufficient amount of that group exists in this location .
If you are already sexually active with the man in any case then the best choice is to have sex .
We are not mind readers .
Some individuals necessitate some motivation .
If that does n't work , then I do n't have any other answers .
It saddens me to say this , but she was unfaithful to you when you were still in a relationship .
If she likes to go to the beach , perhaps a weekend in the Bahamas .
It will happen for sure , that is , if you really love her .
Do n't harm yourself .
You do not know her style so do not buy a woman clothes unless she picks them out .
Do not rush yourself ; be patient .
You take it slow and try to make it as close to perfect as possible .
Do n't play games , you wo n't be successful .
You will get pleasure form it .
Jon and I used to be close , and talk frequently .
She might be honest with you and let you know that she really does not want to be with you anymore .
Tell your parents that you love them and move forward with your life .
My apologies , I do not know where to find him .
Canines are equivalent to family members . Believe me , I have the knowledge .
What can I say to her in order to encourage her to lose weight ?
They possess numerous outstanding suggestion items within that location .
Do notmlet anyone tell you anything different .
Yes , the buttocks of a man are important in whether or not he is attractive .
A simple method for communicating his desire for a mere rendezvous .
I could n't ever hurt anyone I care for .
I think it is mixed .
Some guy might ask why women are very promiscuious .
Do not run ; but , tell him to slow down .
In that case , what ought I do for her ?
I 'm aware . I stated that previously .
He would n't care if he did know !
You can go on a cruise and push her overboard .
It is what you make of the situation .
It is n't as beneficial to the individual possessing the accessible treasure .
Perhaps , but I will never locate him .
My neighbor thinks that she is playing with you .
I have never had sex with a man who did n't have an excellent physique .
Force her as no bra is not attractive .
Call him and ask .
I have dated multiple bisexual females . It 's a huge aphrodisiac !
Do not be so possessive and give him some freedom because men like that .
I am attracted to Italian women .
I 'd award you a 100 points in response to that entry !
If things do not work out , keep your head high and do not give up .
Show him that you care by listening if he speaks about it .
People are rather unintelligent .
I only say this in a friendly way .
Consider how problematic it would be for him to be in a relationship with a girl who is in junior high school .
You 're incorrect concerning that selection . Personal concerns , yes ?
My advise for you is do n't go out with a stranger .
The chances are slim .
If you are ok with it , do not second guess it .
That is not bad at all .
However if you feel amenable to it then it should be acceptable .
If he is doing it voluntarily , he should be questions and closely watched .
Men do n't fear the word 'love ' .
They have left us no choice but to separate , but I will never stop loving him .
Head where your instincts lead you , even if it is in the wrong direction .
It was terrible , having sex with a undersized man .
Why did you enjoy the experience ?
For a good time , we went to certain clubs .
I have heard about friends who start dating and find out that they were meant to be .
If you ask me about boys , I can give you an answer .
I love being sexual on the phone with my boyfriend .
You have to really learn how to read a person , do you understand what I mean ?
Go and buy something that he would like to see you wear .
You drew them in with your affection .
I would just like to be his friend .
I hope things work themselves out .
Men to not appreciate woman who proclaim what 's necessary .
You do not have to feel bad or hurt if he tries to put you down , life is too short to let things worry you .
I am very much so , in my darling 's eyes .
You already know a lot about each other .
I felt that way about a woman once . I am unable to explain why .
Alternatively , simply pretend he is not present .
Do not take him back if you are considering it .
You do not know what a threat you are .
Talk to him with your eyes , not your mouth .
I like a great kisser , but great sex is nice , too .
You 're just confused , and are not sure what you want in life now .
It 's dependent upon yourself . However , is it something you 'd desire to have happen ?
If the man is going to marry the woman , she must have not had intercourse with too many other men .
It must be an element contained in the water !
What type of friend are you searching for ?
No , maybe he would like to speak to you before he goes to sleep .
It is probably the one thing that is more important than good health for humans .
They are only using you .
You will own him by having sex .
Having sexual intercourse is like business , while the process of making love is more fun .
All of that is true . I become that way occasionally .
Because some men forget themselves when they are in the presence of attractive women such as myself .
That is one of the main topics , when women get together .
Perhaps you 're interested in bad boys ?
You can do better , most likely .
Whenever you see her , have her view the best of you .
I personally would want my daughter to be a homosexual . I comprehend how men are .
They are not worth your time and thoughts .
Well , how do I tell him that I am now pregnant with his child , without him going ballistic ?
Begin with kissing then continue on to more advanced things .
It might depend on the girl . I lie a lot , and people believe me .
I would't be concerned regarding the embarrassment quotient that 's present .
Touch her privates with your nose .
I 'm aware of a female who was wedded to an abusive lowlife and he physically abused her children .
If you are that upset , you should find soemone new .
Stick it out if he understands .
You may want to stay friends with him .
I do not know the person you met .
If your future husband cheated on you , how would you feel about that ?
You 're charming smiles does n't cost a single cent .
Someone will find you if not .
Well , you can apologize , but , you will not get him back , you made your decision , so you have to live with it .
Well , in this situation , I 'm similar to your female friend , you 're akin to my spouse !
They 're in love , they believe they have hope .
I am not on the list .
You know whether you can trust your man ; if so , do not worry .
I ca n't find any reason .
Guys can be attractive , cool , and weigh over two hundred and fifty pounds .
Do you thing I should go back there , or should I stay home ?
Why is he your boyfriend ?
I have gained 2 pounds .
It is something that might lead to love .
I really look for a married man .
Now I am twenty-eight years old and single .
You only marry if you want to spend the rest of your life with this man !
There is a chance of a small part of her that does not , but most likely she does .
That is impressive and we ought to thank him every day for the wonderful feelings of arousal .
It depends on whether or not you believe in books on dream meanings , I suppose .
Let me guess , you 'll relocate to New Zealand ?
What will you be doing as I eat my chocolates and enjoy my roses ?
When I saw that word for the first time , my friend told me what it meant .
This guy has not been in a relationship for a significant amount of time .
I 'm unable to comprehend why I squandered a large portion of my lifetime in a relationship with a low-quality person such as yourself !
Yes , as long as she is not their supervisor .
Yes there are some who are way out there !
Yes I can hardly wait so that can undo the same to her .
Does it make someone unattractive if they are not asked out on a date ?
Marriage is not something to joke about .
There is no point in being miserable because he does not accept you for you .
Do a provocative dance for him .
I would treat you with about the same degree of respect and consideration I do a store-bought dessert .
You anyone lie about being 38 ?
You might loose them if you hide .
Give it some time , it has only been six months .
Do not have children if you want to participate in coitus for more than five minutes .
He would not have cheated if he did it .
Most likely , she still lives with her parents .
Why , does it matter to you ?
First of all , you ca n't help your dreams , and fantasizing is just a fantasy .
In addition , it make speople more jealous and anxious so watch out for that also .
There is no way I would post personal information like that .
You can not please another human being . Just be yourself .
Your insticts are always the best sign if you are doubting him .
Am I to believe he does n't have a legitimate reason to dislike you ?
I am curious now , too , so what was that about ?
Has that happened to you before ?
In the event this young man is fond of you , you 'd be best to accompany him .
Tell your friend to send the message to that boy , that you like him .
It is not over until it is over .
I disagree : you must act intelligently .
you are a better person then when you met her .
Do not approach him and tell him that you want to have intercourse with his sister .
I am sure you will find one , if you try being the woman .
I have been in a relationship with my husband since I was nineteen years old . I will be twenty-six years old next month .
Spend some time with him and discover what his personality is like .
Actually falling in love is very nice , until you become aware of reality .
I 'm very busy , so I am unable to respond .
They could not stay away from eachother for long .
Why do n't you give her a telephone card , or send her a Valentine 's card ?
Inquire as to the direction he envisions his life traveling .
Money is everything .
And start to know her better .
I became interested in someone in whom I had previously not been interested when they asked me on a date , therefore you should merely ask .
I think that she does like me because of the flirting and all of the conversation that we have .
I do not want to be a burden .
However , do n't forget that entertaining the opposite sex is n't necessarily defined as a romantic relationship .
It depends on the man because it is not all guy .
A sense of humor is important .
Please repeat after me . You are a dishonest jerk .
Do it in public .
Tell him that you love him .
It is human nature to want to be loved .
Once you move on , then you will not mind whether he moves on or not .
Because pain is akin to pleasure , and when one bleeds , one experience a feeling similar to sexual release .
The best way is to tell them .
May you be preserved with the help of God and your fellow soldiers .
Then , you know what you have to do then , forgive them .
If you cheat once , you will most likely cheat again .
Tell the awful woman that you hate her and she needs to back off .
I only care about what type of person she is now .
Realize that mother and father are happy being separated .
Incorrect , however your beauty appears greater to him after sundown due to your father being asleep , lol .
Sometimes it is very unfortunate , but it will happen when it is meant to happen .
Would you marry me ?
I have had this problem many times . Remain with both of them but do not do anything to cause problems .
So be it if he wants to be friends .
It is as though you are usually happy and radiant .
Marriage is better , but it is n't easy .
Men of a certain nature love to listen to them .
She will probably catch on if you kiss her on her cheek , and she may carry on from there !
If hse ignors you , she is not worth your time .
If you love someone then you sacrifice being with anyone else .
Do not center your life around her .
What is her favorite restuarant ?
Now you receive two of everything .
I do n't agree that woman should approach first .
Perhaps you should both take s hot bath .
I suggest do not be serious about getting into a serious relationship .
Perhaps it was an unwise thing for him to tell you , but in any event you should not worry about it .
If you are truly in love , you should not want anything other than that .
In the event my husband were unfaithful , I 'd most likely sever his genitals and display them upon the rear-facing mirror of my Mustang vehicle .
Love is a weird thing for guys .
Refrain from corrupting your spiritual security for anybody .
I have a significant amount of excitement to live for .
Open it , and ask her .
Inform him that you maintain your feelings in love for them using any possible method .
Make it appear as though you are interested in her in another way .
My boyfriend is always watching women , while he 's driving . He attempts to not be obvious .
Treat him as if you would treat a friend you have n't seen for some time .
Would you engage in intercourse with multiple people
That guy is misleading you .
In the event I genuinely give it some consideration , I want a relationship with the pair of them , I imagine .
Please dream of me , then date me .
What do you find attractive in a woman 's looks or words ?
I like him , and he likes me too .
I adored this man , however , subsequent to my humiliation by him in front of a 40-person crowd , I 'm unsure of my emotions !
You need to break up with him . Then he might realize he had someone good .
Only if it feels right to you .
Have I told you recently that I like you ?
I do not know how I will stop caring about him .
I prefer to find someone that I can talk to .
We have had plenty of ups and downs .
If you do not mind being her second choice , then it would be fine .
You will get pregnant if you do not take precaution .
Perhaps you need a man for yourself alone .
Is it a long distance ?
Most likely it will turn into sex if you are both naked and in bed together .
If you truly like him , you will simply know .
Stop trying to control her life .
My man tells me it gives him the opportunity to tell me that I am attractive .
You should stop and think about how that makes you look in front of his friends .
It does not matter who she was , even if it was a stripper .
I feel that they should get married at this time .
The one you think is your boyfriend is not a real boyfriend .
I love only worrying about myself .
Is there something wrong ?
Oh , also were men aware of your comment , you 'd be severely unpopular , for your edification .
Tell him all relevant information .
Be careful if he is the kind of human who has trouble understanding .
Oh , yes , there must be a great sense of humor , self-confidence , and a kind nature .
I would not want to the seventh man if she starts to think about the eighth .
He is sweet , but does not always think correctly .
Select me , however , provide a bit more specificity regarding category or stereo . In other words , age is also a consideration !
Why is she interested in being a spectator ?
I do n't like hurting people .
She deserves credit for sticking with it even when she finds it upsetting .
My boyfriend , who I have been dating for just over a year , has lied to me continuously throughout our entire relationship .
Did he do it on purpose ?
You can trust us , because you would know if we lie .
Ask her why she is in a relationship as well as her feelings towards you .
The reason is that they usually enjoy making you feel bad .
The answer to your query , is that men are incomprehensible .
I am in love with my child 's father , whom is also my boyfriend !
You have obviously made your decision about being sexually active with him .
I wish they would treat us with respect .
Of course that made me extremely angry .
Are you suppose to sign that ?
It is a narrow way of thinking that God does not care about sexual proclivities .
A nice wedding in the yard was good enough for me .
Although , I am glad that I had married him , people are freaking out about that .
Just in the event your heart is desirous of it ; if your instinct is to flee , proceed to behave thusly .
Someone who is unfaithful once will be unfaithful again .
You should wait until you hear what she has to say .
Maybe he believes that it is your fault that you are a parent .
I do not want to offend any good men in the world .
I love her .
I am unaware of that specifically .
Do not encourage your girlfriend to become an exotic dancer .
My best friend went on a date with a very short man and they even kissed each other .
A sign that he is not cheating , is if his answer is yes .
She 's fond of you as she would be of a sibling .
Why would I be rifling through his belongings , if I did ?
He is not lonely .
No , that means that you are the girl of my dreams .
Terminate your relationship with him .
I hear a coat vacuum will take care of it .
Break up with him and do not listen to his excuses because he does not love you .
You notice her appearance and nothing else .
You will never have contact with him if you do not reach out to him now .
It can be exciting to be bad once in awhile , especially if you are good all the time .
We also possess hormonal systems , for your information !
No , unless you have some doubt about that .
Honey , I love you with all my heart .
There are better things you an do with your life then try to understand men .
You need to relax for awhile .
Sometimes I travel back to my hometown to get away . My hometown is located across the country from where he is .
Be sexually intimate before you go to sleep .
Say yes if you are interested in him and no if you are not .
If I had to choose , I would choose African American , because Caucasian men just do not attract me .
That depends on whether he prefer war games , sports games , et cetera .
I no longer want to be in a relationship with him .
They are loved because if they were not then they would not find it .
I played over half the game because they coaches were more laid back .
Their way of thinking is merely different from yours .
It can help your relationship .
Keep playing the game untill you get to level 4 .
Maybe I can help since I speak the language of idiots , grunts , and jabberwockys .
You can travel to the UK and find the answer .
Most of the woman on campus really do n't like him .
Men like to stare at our breasts .
Break up with the girlfriend you have . She would be shocked .
Speak up for yourself .
You can give her a nice gift , and ask her then .
How can I respond if I do not know your gender ?
Do not worry and be mean about it because love is not rare .
She should make a decision , so she can prevent getting pregnant .
If he is cheating , then you need to make him leave .
Begin from your wedding day .
I have many male friends , but also many female friends .
The future is not bright .
If you are worried about the lack of commitment , have a conversation about it first .
I do not liek wearing flat shoes , and I will not change that for a guy .
If he loves you , it will break his heart , however he will survive .
Why did you marry him knowing he is not talkative and you know you want him to talk to you ?
I see it everythere online .
Do not sleep together if you have not already .
What kind of father does that make him ?
Spend time with a man who has some rough edges .
The problem is , I am not sure if she feels the same for me .
I do not like emotionally weak people , though .
The meaning is she is fond of you in a brotherly fashion .
That is only effective in bad teenager movies .
There was not enough feelings there for her that he would leave his wife .
Stay with your sister if need be .
I found that it is best to go out with a friend .
Do you think that he is interested in me or is just playing games ?
I do n't like the language they are using .
I do not know how to deny someone and still be friends with them .
Certain persons enjoy 'snuggling , ' others not so much .
I invited her over , we went inside my room , and I closed the door .
It is fun and for romantic love .
Have you seen the motion picture 'The Game ? '
Be sure not to profess your love too early in the relationship .
I would like to be done with work .
It takes time to remember the good times and forget the bad .
I saw them last year , and they were very good .
She is not even in college yet and the two of you would like to have a serious relationship ?
You could e-mail him if you can not do that .
You begin to want her more if you think about her more often .
I occasionally think only about coitus .
It ought to be elaborate , public , and demonstrate her importance to you . You should attempt it .
That will make it worse .
Maybe you thought there was more love then there was when you got married .
When someone hurts you , then you will have someone else to fall back on .
Tell her to try to ask him to go out with her or something .
I believe he is seeing a non-respectable woman .
If she will not remain faithful to you , she is not worth it .
If you liek him , you should go on a date with him .
She can not hinder you from visiting with your child .
No man would bribe you to kill your child .
You should stop calling and see if he misses you .
Reprimand your daughter for her bad behavior .
It may have been communicated in the same manner as you informed us .
If I did not have children , I would die for the one I love .
Why do so many men want to live with Asian women ?
Help me answer the question what needs to be done .
Go out with one of her closest friends , and treat her like a queen .
Tell her to not date bad guys .
A lot of my friends ' girlfriends have asked me a similar question .
I am trying to solve that problem myself .
Try to kiss him to see if you have any feelings for him ?
My boyfriend truly enjoys my toes .
You need to do it before he leaves ot when you see him next .
I am a man and recommend that you proceed slowly and steadily .
Are you listening to yourself ?
Basically lead him by saying what you want .
He can not get a girl to share .
You become disinterested easily when you are with him or her .
You know what you have to do .
My toy is predicting a
Well , one particular afternoon , I had him take a seat and I informed him of my romantic feelings .
She questioned me regarding my sensitivities .
Well it all depends on how long you have been with her .
You might have tried to do or be that if you knew .
You are in trouble .
When she is free and has the desire to do so , she will .
That should n't be a problem .
The gown and the bridesmaids ' dresses could take you a month to choose on their own !
Things started to change later that month .
It is not okay and just because he is male does not make it right .
I would choose Jamookae . He has serious mental problems .
I was wondering about how to kiss her the next time .
I am just stating my opinion !
I am not one of them .
What is the point of killing an innocent baby ?
She does not like you romantically .
Try to be kind , relaxed , calm , and let her know you like her .
It was not meant to be if they do not come after you .
Perform the second step if you see no results after three weeks .
In the vast majority of cases , he is not comfortable wearing the outfits that you like on him .
However , I 'm not the person who committed any forbidden acts . I adore him so intensely , what steps should I take ?
Do n't forget , a man merely being aware of your involvement is no indicator that he wo n't still make an attempt .
Roses have a singularly reddish hue , violets sport a bluish coloring .
Do what you have to do because it is not wrong .
His wife may be less seductive now than she has been in the past .
Yes , I care , but it is not the most important aspect .
Think nothing of it , he will understand .
You elope with the person you ca n't stand to live without .
Yes , you should move on and attempt to find a new relationship . There are plenty of single people out there .
You basically have to overdose in order to feel anything .
If one did not enjoy using intimate toys , than apparently it did not help them .
Apologies , it 's will remain forever uncomfortable and somewhat oddball-ish .
How do I get it to come out ?
I would help her if I knew who she was .
Not merely honest , but also honorable . I do not commit infidelity or pretend to care .
I appreciate school instructors . However , I am not employed as such .
I have had boyfriends enough though I wear glasses .
If I met the woman for whom I have been searching , then she would be all I need .
That was after I caught him cheating .
Do not make yourself seem cheep . Married men are not avaliable !
I enjoy dreaming of different men , which I suppose is acceptable .
Tell him when you are in private at the right moment .
Thirty is relatively young to be getting heavier .
Stand your ground , and let him know it is over .
Your age is too low and an excess of negative events can result .
He is done with you because he got what he wanted .
Look at the barns if it not at the pet stores .
If you have already found another , then free him from your life so he can find another girl .
I would be with you if I knew .
I do n't know you well enough to be in love with you .
It is too late , you 've lost your chance with her .
I think she preoccupied and wo n't notice if someone else likes her .
So , you say that you are attracted to a lesbian but you are not a lesbian yourself . That does not make any sense .
I will talk to you later about this .
Show him what you like , instead of telling him .
Mosy guys would liek a chance if you are not married .
It is on their greatest hits albumn .
Law enforcement went into the potato factory and kicked the first bag while she said , 'Meow ! '
I 'm not fond of becoming soiled .
Emma Watson is not very nice looking and not very nice .
I am highly attracted to his chin .
This course of action should lead to meeting him easily .
I do not like the way Bucky sings .
Yes , it is 'Sugar We 're Going Down ' by Fall Out Boy . It is a very good song .
How can you call yourself a professional ?
I can not remember the name of the album by Linkin Park .
If she were on that show , she would get torn apart by Simon .
I only have one great friend .
They are great friends , you do n't need to know the secrets they share .
Dude , are you legitimately insulted by an animated production ?
We were accompanied by three destroyers , three cruisers , and other support vessels .
If I could be an actress , I would be Angelina Jolie .
I discovered a large collection of his compositions on the internet . They are fairly well-done !
Someone told me so I will tell you even though I do not really know if it is funny , sad , or both .
I believe Salma Hayek is a beautiful woman .
i would like some Christian , hard rock or metal music .
It was not a great joke , but he laughed .
By the way , your avatar now reflects your real self .
I recently bought the first season of Little Britain and found it quite humorous .
Fall Out Boy is more punk music .
Oh goodness , I love this song called 'Bad Day . '
Jennifer Lopez , what a nice back side she has .
Navigate to the child lock , press the left or right arrow key , and wait .
Just wait until you hear his next musical creation .
The most recent release from The Killers never fails to energize me , irrespective of circumstances .
I agree with you .
If it states on his website that he will bring legal action , he is probably serious about doing so .
Just look at her ! She 's been gifted with every blessing one could ever dream of !
The first priority is the ability of love to deceive .
I believe you confused me .
I do not know , but I do know that I have faith in you .
Is that the man on the Brady Bunch television show ?
Two of my favorite songs are 'Hurt ' and 'The Perfect Drug . '
I very much dislike Ashley Simpson .
What can I say first ?
I 'll say Amy 's song . What is your opinion ?
It would seem that it depends on who stands up .
I saw it when I was a kid , and it still scared me to this day .
We work very long hours and are unable to spend much time together .
Do you mean the song 'Over and Over ' by Nelly , featuring Tim McGraw ?
I liked the character Susan from the television show Desperate Housewifes .
After spending weeks wearing these outfits , I have met many celebrities .
You need to add more information to your question .
My favorite board game is Life ; my favorite online game is Slingo PC .
Everyone needs one best friend and a lot of friends .
You are spending too much of your money on me ; what will you do with all those things ?
Yes , I do cry at movies .
I believe that Brad is beginning to have some sort of crisis .
Any person who decides to go onto a 'celebrity ' reality show is foolish , and attempting to make a last try at saving their declining career .
I required an alcoholic beverage after viewing the referenced subject .
( It helps if you know the singer as well . )
I think the Star Wars series ended last year , with the movie , Episode III : Revenge of the Sith .
I dislike her because she is wealthy and has many skills .
I like their song 'So Sick . '
You made me interested in picking up a copy of the movie Urban Cowboy , which I have n't seen in many years .
The little brother then replied : 'No - but Grandmother is ! '
Good luck and have a nice day at Disney World .
The reason is because he is not on the 20th story .
It is the only color it could possibly be .
Her reply to him saying no is 'you will be when the tide comes in . '
Three things to do : get noticed , hired , and get on the television .
They are crazy with their makeup application .
It is something to which you can move and flow .
I did n't like 'Jason X ' , but neither did I enjoy the first 'Terminator ' movie .
Please do not listen to anyone else !
Anything by The Supremes and Diana Ross !
Try the album 'The Oakridge Boys ' Greatest Hits Volume One ' .
Do not bother renting the DVD .
Perhaps he should perform heavy metal on occasion to allow himself to release his reserve emotions .
As such , which type of hoop is preferred ?
DNAngel , primarily for females ( I am a female ) I suppose , however , exceptional art pieces and , personally , an excellent storyline .
I tried but I can not kill my wife , and the man came out with tears in his eyes .
I believe that I was overly excited to see 'Brokeback Mountain ' so I found it to be somewhat disappointing .
Angelina is taking Brad on a wild ride .
Because of this , the bet was not fair .
I wish I knew how to quit you , and that is the question that captivates men and women .
Songs from teh 1980 's are still the best .
The song is called , 'Closer you and I , ' by Gino Padilla .
In my personal opinion , Country voices and R & B songs just do not mix well .
Because we need many material possessions .
I can not listen to his stuff after I read his journals .
I have finally watched the film titled 'Crash . '
That is a good start .
I 'm not aware , however , he created excellent musical pieces .
She exclaims that she can hardly stand it .
It 's genuinely uproarious when viewing it .
The Beatles will always be remembered .
Erin Brockovich makes me angry .
I very much enjoy romance , so I will choose 'Pretty Woman ' and 'Sweet Home Alabama . '
The Olympic Speed Skater for the United States Apolo Anton Ohno .
Of course , that means I never want to eat in a restaurant again .
Rory is so weird and mysterious and I wish that he was in more movies .
Jennifer is pretty , but Angie is beautiful .
By the way , it is Chrno Crusade , spelled weird , I know , but that is the spelling .
I hope that they keep his hair long , just like that , for the remainder of the , 'Harry Potter , ' movies .
My wish is an imminent DVD release .
Inquire of your parental figures , perhaps they 'll be able to lend assistance .
Correct , perfectly similar to Justice , 'Batman Forever . '
Do you like The Eagles , or Don Henley ?
He says , 'Let 's get started with the first question . What does two plus two equal ? '
Superman was also in it .
Two multiplied by two equals four . Two added to two equals four .
Green Day is a great band !
There was a blonde driving down the
Perhaps Steve Martin , but a better answer would probably be Jon Stewart or Reese Witherspoon .
The language and effects made it feel like a real comic .
Kazaa works better then Limewire but it has a lot of viruses .
She married both the Lewis brothers , Reva and Shane Lewis .
I 've got TiVo ready to go when the show begins .
The character could be described as both anti-hero and villain .
When does it come on because I can not wait .
You know that you ask foolish questions .
I enjoyed her in the past , but not currently .
The nearest mall I found was called Lake Forrest Mall . The address is 701 Russel Ave , Gaithersburg , MD 20877 .
If you involve yourself in things with which you are not familiar , then you will generate problems for yourself .
Keanu ( if that is how his name is spelled ) is homosexual , correct ? Everyone in my family says that he is .
Meatloaf is truly an excellent singer .
I accomplish it , however , I continue to suffer embarrassment .
I really liked that it was very funny and original .
This is how you decided to spend -5 points ?
I would pick The Cat in the Hat .
He addressed Sven and stated , ' I got a game . '
How much do you like it ?
I like any movie with vampires !
It is acceptable even if they are using a back line company on the rider .
I would be surprised if I did not have eyebrows .
You receive so many benefits that you would be much better off if you did not win six-million-five-hundred-thousand dollars .
Those people have children , although you only have a cousin .
Can you top that ?
This was back when they played more favorable music .
He pulls up right next to th woman and greets her with a 'Good morning , Ma'am ' .
There is a show called , 'This is not My Fridge , ' starring Nel Cater .
I am not a lady nor a Scorpio , but I will try , here goes nothing .
Look at the two of them . They are very different .
Yes , she is an adequate singer .
They are free things , however , they are illegal .
I enjoy real club music that is not loud or overplayed . Clubs play music loudly , these days .
I blame the pop music on Avril , Britney , and Christina .
He appraised me from head to toe and remarked , 'The body belongs to you . '
I am apathetic and watching too much television .
What do you think ?
Yes , of course I listen to the blues .
I was under the impression it was 'pay it forward . '
That is one of my favorite songs , please do not make fun of it .
Mariah is a great singer . Kelly Clarkson is good , also .
Did you not notice the scene with the snake in 'From Dusk 'Til Dawn ' ?
Hello , do you understand that it is Green Day ?
Cherub Rock - hugely sizable hilly configurations of mega enormous Large Stupid Rock and Roll enjoyability .
They displayed a beach-set , bikini-clad photograph of her on the E ! Network airwaves .
If you 're a fan of the Christian punk genre , you 're therefore familiar with Thousand Foot Krutch .
What about David Hodo ?
I am not very attracted to McDreamy .
A cat would not eat if from a plate because they like hunting mice .
As such , we now present a sampling of amusements not attributable to myself .
I want to know the actors ' real names in the movie Crash , as well as the names they used on set .
Of course he killed himself , look at who he was married to .
My heart goes out to the actress Christina Ricci . I admire her greatly ; I evern have her autograph .
Correct , it 's that particular selection authored by Prince , the track featuring pigeons which weep .
As of today , the answer would be , 'No . ' Yet , no one really knows when it comes to Lucas .
Provide me with suitable quality reasoning in favor or against .
Nicole Kidman was a great actress . I also like Reese Whitherspoon .
I love to blow some blues music on the harmonica .
Jed Allen , the soap opera actor .
It was on the ground floor and a soft bush was landed on .
You may be able to download , 'Twinkle , Twinkle , Little Star ' , or at least listen to it streaming .
( My word , somebody is interested in my friendship . )
You must quickly run instead of walking and close a door onto your hand immediately .
In addition , refrain from over-analyzing his actions , be confident , and focus on other life events .
Inside of the red house , there were many red babies .
All things considered , I 'm an enthusiast .
There are too many to pick just one .
I deplore Jesse McCartney . He possesses such an exceedingly homosexual persona .
I am going to report you because that is illegal .
He commited suicide with drugs , and she is probably still doing drugs .
Golly , my prom did n't take place in an extremely distant past , however , I have n't considered certain song titles from that collection for eternity !
You should keep a Kleenex close by because it is sad and romantic .
I watch it all the time and so do a lot of my friends . I would love for it to come back .
Will I get a ticket if I download songs ?
Did she ever do a concert for her fans ?
Xero , spelled such as I have , but it is pronounced zero .
I always defend what is right .
Also it is called a riff , not a solo .
Bullets would n't harm it , they 'll just pass through .
I believe you can always go back but it depends on who decided to separate first .
I am drawn to the mall like a magnet .
Please make sure they do not physically or mentally harm others .
Best Country Vocal Performance for a Male went to Willie Nelson , for the song , Georgia on My Mind .
Are you engaging in a similar thought process as my own ?
His boyfriend inquires as to why you would do such a thing .
Does a metal hoop work the same as a plastic hoop ?
However , I find it unsurprising to find men are uncomprehending ... lol .
I experience joy while viewing it .
The diversity in the group makes them exceptional .
If they do n't want fans , they should n't have entered the entertainment industry .
I can see no reason not to . I am a woman . My Yahoo ID is crazy_ovel15 .
Neither I nor my children are scared of clowns .
I do enjoy watching her very much .
I am going to have to defend the werewolf right now .
I love that movie and I just can not remember the name .
Dylan is much more known , yet I prefer Cohen .
Does it get better in the second half ?
You are not born with an accent .
I was n't aware the she had done so .
What would one of his prior relatoinships say about him ?
Is the doctor doing some tests ?
It was a good movie that shows how society connects .
I cried at the scene with the little girl .
Is it another nickname for Mariah Carey ?
Sorority Boys was an amusing motion pictur .
Obtain a 'Girlfriend Helper ' package and simply include the ingredient love !
I do n't think anyone is more attractive than Jessica Alba , except maybe your mom .
Here 's a pickup line I could go the rest of my life without hearing : Want to go half on an illegitimate child ?
Me and my son like the same music .
That bring back memories .
In my opinion , country songs resemble diary entries .
Make sure you have an active firewall and anti-virus program on your computer .
For starters , you are not a hippie .
Why are you not catching rays while lying on the beach ?
If you could , when you state if you love or hate them , please provide an explanation .
I would be very emotionally distressed if he and Bob entered a relationship with each other .
For your information , the actor who passed away was Bela Lugosi , who starred in Dracula .
I received the autograph of Mark Hoppus , who performed with Blink 182 , when I was a fan of the group .
I may have to end your life if I give you this information .
A purple , stuffed animal , is not on the screen
I enjoy the song called 'Rush , Rush , To the Yayo ! '
I appreciate the offer , but have to decline because I am a Leo .
So , that is how they received their Oscar .
I saw the photograph of her on the Entertainment network .
Investigate if what I have stated is false .
I am afraid by the fact you would even desire one .
May I please have the ten points ?
Bambi is a great classic , and now there 's even a remake !
Or might it annihilate the inebriation ?
Certain animated characters mature to be an alternative person .
However , he certainly prompts me to laugh .
I love the one in which they think Jack is gay but it is a misunderstanding because he is not gay .
She calls the video store because it is blurry when she puts it in the VCR .
In one candy bar you get two tastes .
That makes a total of 16 songs , each of which is five minutes in length .
No , he is not homosexual . Why do you focus so much on other people 's lives ?
The last time I shattered my Femur , I cried .
Email me when you get this and I hope it helps .
The song is reminiscent of 'Staying Alive ' performed by the Bee Gees .
My answer then is , I think they are both unattractive , as well as bad singers .
She encircled my neck with her arms .
A man needs to use the bathroom , so he goes to a public toilet .
Are you trying to get us to make fun of you ?
I must confess , I love him .
Well , I am a Libra on the cusp of Scorpio .
Could you please tell me what some good bit rates and converters are ?
My favorite band is Destiny 's Child , my favorite singer is Beyonce , and my favorite actress is also Beyonce .
It is similar to other genres of music that are very popular initially but quickly fade from public interest .
I heard , somewhere , that he agreed to perform three more shows .
I have never heard of these songs .
Finally , Anne Murray would have a hit song .
Yes , no ignorant answer with me .
I am very satisfied with my acoustic wave from Bose .
I will tell you what I received .
Have you seen the way Madonna dances , despite being older ?
Then , a man in the back shouts encouragement to take it off .
If you have not seen them on television , you should .
The obese contestant on 'The Apprentice ' is speaking .
He moves to the next bag and kicks it , saying 'Woof ' .
I get annoyed just looking at her face !
They both are not good .
He will be going to drink .
She 's a skilled songstress , but more talented singers exist in the world . No one is equal to Aaliyah , God rest her soul .
Billie Joe , and Tre are really attractive .
Just because she is famous , she is getting richer .
Thank you for asking if I know this one .
I enjoy their older things better , but some of their newer stuff is alright .
There are a large number I wish to attend .
However he can not sing as well as Taylor .
I agree as I also find them unsavory .
In 1958 , he committed suicide Russian roulette style on Christmas Eve in Houston .
It is hard to get the attention of celebrities .
I was a fan of Dream Theater once I began playing and I would n't characterize them as the metal genre .
I can not believe that you never heard of him , he rapped with 50Cent and a lot of other people .
I have two favorite shows , Prison Break , and Gilmore Girls .
In my opinion there was not much of a solid story line .
Rapunzel , Rapunzel , let your hair down .
Do you intend to indicate the devil inside ?
... plus , her activities consist only of receiving payment for attending others ' large galas .
And the indication is : At the moment , the Hip Hop genre is decreasing in quality !
I find it funny still .
I do not know the answer to that question , but they might be trying to write new songs for an LP .
I did not know that they were in that type of relationship .
The fight scenes and choreography in the film are outstanding .
Why does everyone have bad taste in music ?
With alot of therapy , he may walk again .
That is what made it as amusing as it was .
I do not believe it was the Star Trek Series 'TNG . '
Are you adverse to receiving my recommendations for your best course of action ?
Decide for yourself , try some .
Obtain a copy of Webroot Spy Sweeper .
'Hey , man 's got ta eat , right ? ' I just laugh to myself .
I have not seen 'Passions ' in a long time and I was lost when I started watching it again .
Yes , I stood there for approximately twenty minutes and was entertained .
All selections containing an appealing rhythm and rap performances .
The title actually is Na Na Hey Kiss Him Goodbye .
Jennifer Lopez strikes me as rather promiscuous .
Hold up , I was n't aware of that , I appreciate the information !
Disgust , is a one word answer .
You need to say 'Amen ' to make it stop .
Oh that 's right , I completely forgot about that day—April Fool !
MTV back when it was a music television station .
Do you want to count that from the United States ?
The vacuum in not working .
She appears to have a fun and flirty personality .
I know , because he is a close friend !
The song is 'Do n't Forget to Remember Me ' by Carrie Underwood .
I liked the physics class .
I adore 'Idol . ' Created addicts from my entire familial unit .
'Spock 's Beard , ' is not played on the radio .
( I would very much enjoy seeing some men without their shirts . )
I enjoy many different varieties in the rock genre .
It is close to the best movie that I have ever seen .
He said his mother told him not to , and he does n't want to .
Try wearing something that is soft but , subtle .
On Weddinger 10 , there is a song called , ' Wan na grow old with you . '
You comported yourself as well as your friend fantastically !
Investigate if your area is represented .
I would like to be a nail stylist for women in Beverly Hills .
Always attempt to do your best .
Snoop Dog has very innapropriate rap songs .
Some good movies from then are : Just One of the Guys , Teen Witch , and Drop Dead Fred .
The father told is son he is still paying .
The second season ended on the WB .
I do not dislike anyone and neither should you .
Please email me at elsjosh @ yahoo.com , when you know the answer .
What CD or similar media would you select , and why would you select it ?
However , I am uncertain concerning how truthful it is .
I am bringing an infantile bumble bee to my house . It just stung me .
I am a good drummer .
I am an enthusiastic proponent of Hugh Coop !
I guess it is just a weird cartoon .
You should try and Arab website , because you wo n't find anything here .
How many of you enjoy rap , hip-hop , or both ?
I love one of her early songs , called 'Sk8er b0i ' .
In my view that is not a significant amount .
I am working on my drumset skills .
I do n't know the name of the song you are referring to .
I would like pictures of Mariah in the pink coat , and just some general information about it .
Before I do I want to be sure .
I like the band , 'No Doubt , ' but I do not like Gwen Stephani .
I am very fond of Superman , therefore I hope the new film is enjoyable .
No , I am not fond of performing in front of crowds .
It does not matter what other people think of you .
I feel that he was very unattractive therefore he ruined the movie !
It really flatters Keira Knightley 's face and she looked great at the Oscars .
You should n't text your answers , if your plan does n't include texting .
Despite my female gender , in my opinion , those were hysterically funny !
It was similar to a scene in Star Wars with the duality of Anakin Skywalker and Darth Vader .
My favorite movies include 'South Pacific , Braveheart , the Godfather Trilogy , Platoon , and Animal House . '
'Mind over matter ' means that your mind can travel where your body can not .
I very much enjoy that song .
David Duchovny due to the appeal of his lower lip .
If he were simply ordinary we would not know of him .
There is a picture of a white horse falling in the mud .
The plane crash is in the movie .
I like the movies , 'The Little Mermaid ' , and 'The Lion King ' .
If the situation occurs please send generous correspondence .
Jokes concering dead babies and dead puppies are bad .
It is hard to pick one , but 'The Labyrinth ' , 'The Notebook ' And 'The Goonies ' .
They are remaking the movie 'The Dirty Dozen ' .
I believe it was for stock trading .
I like Val Kilmer 's line in 'Tombstone ' ; I have two guns , one for each of you .
I was reading prior copies of mine today .
No , however I was certainly hoping it would be so .
He is a very feminine person .
I think it is music you most likely stand around and listen to .
I got the strategy guides . I recommend that you do as well .
I believe Jason X consisted of drug users , surfers , and people similar to those living in California with no ability to create a movie..
I do and it is a tadbit adorable .
i would never act that way in a zoo , because of course there would be a lot of people present .
The site i provided to you has their entire discography .
I am uncertain because I don not have the CD of the group of which I was thinking .
Mary Ann had a better body than the others .
I also saw Madonna , who was fascinating , Depeche Mode , who were eye-opening , and David Bowie , who left me speechless .
Does it help you if I tell you that I sing it in the shower ?
Which ones have you seen and how were you able to watch them ?
It is dependent on the amount they will pay .
I only enjoy her some of her clothes .
I suggest wearing comedic costumes and making people disturbed !
With reasoning not attributable to the film 's homosexual thematic , but instead due to the fact that it 's a very well done film to experience .
This has been selected as our class sone .
I have two close friends I am able to rely on regardless of circumstance .
I enjoy the company of women and have no time to talk .
It is her magazine after all , she did bring it out .
I enjoy listening to Chinese and English songs .
I would really enjoy seeing Ozzy or AC/DC before they retire .
We have us a chaste person .
They both are talented .
Punk Rock music , Ska , Grunge Rock , Proto Punk music .
If you were implying his email address , then the answer is yes !
Kenzo smells better then Axe .
At that time I called them cartoons , as I was unfamiliar with the term anime .
Yes , in the event of crying during emotional films .
I was backstage all the time .
I like the song titled 'My Humps . '
Wake up , and smell the fresh baked goods !
I was a child and a big fan even though they were not good .
She was asking herself if it was obvious as she was reading a book .
I enjoyed 'Road Rules ' , but it is cancelled .
They did and wanted to trick the paparazzi .
Actually I can , it is a conversation starter at social gatherings .
Yes , due to an ability to excel in this aspect of being untruthful .
Uncle Sam instructed him to use firearms firearms somewhat to well .
Yes , however being obsessive and antisocial is negative behavior , Dav .
I enjoy Laguna Beach , Newlyweds and The Real World programs .
Try looking it up on person to person websites or Ebay .
No , because he was compelled to fight the enemies alone and the area would be unsafe without him .
It is definitely worth missing something
His mother told him not to and he said he did not want to .
I have heard that you are always busy and have a fiery personality .
We have work tomorrow , get some sleep .
Summerland is not on the WB website anymore .
They are all great , but the other three do n't appeal to me musically .
This question is bogus ; therefore , I do not care .
Oh , and I like the Spice Girls too .
You do n't have what it takes .
Who is most admired musical artist and for what reason ?
I hope it was n't truly serious .
But it is a disfigured cell that developed incorrectly .
Eminem due to the entertaining and relevant aspects of his music in regard to modern popular music culture .
Any good tips ?
Are we not lucky that we have them ?
I had people convinced they were not working that day .
Please help me figure out what to download next off of Limewire.com , because I have already downloaded everything I want .
I have a lot of favorites , e.g. , 'Send Me On My Way , ' by Rusted Root .
Though I have tons I would still like more .
Perhaps it is related to his Hepatitis C .
Why did he go to the bar ?
Paris Hilton is only famous because of her wealth .
I enjoyed seeing some quotes from Casablanca make it to the list !
I 'm very fond of Sean Paul . Attempt that . The fresh single temperature level and we are ignited .
Who knows , they are all funny .
The man said that was weird and that he works for 3M .
I enjoy CSI , though CSI : Las Vegas , which was the original , is my favorite .
Why would you want to stay at home if you can go ?
It was for the reunion show , the show that was cancelled .
I used to like the Pussycat Dolls when they were a band . I almost choked when typing that .
I will send you some of the lyrics .
I do n't know the answer and doubt that anyone else would either , unless they are fabricating the response .
I do not consider you to be unusual or freakish .
You have to admit , it 's a bit difficult to express .
I like either Undertow by Tool or the Greatest Hits by Siouxie and the Banshees .
I heard that one of the band members was ill .
I do not like that song .
The entire group was execrable and uneventful the previous evening .
Non-inclusive even of Fall Out Boy , extremely unfortunate .
She remarked , 'God , Dad , that person is Hillary Duff . '
I am merely indifferent to them .
The best cartoons are 'The Family Guy ' , 'The Simpsons ' , 'Futurama ' , and 'South Park ' .
'White Chicks , ' 'Ace Ventura , ' and 'When Nature Calls . '
I am glad Reese won the oscar for the movie .
Is it similar to being pulled over for speeding ?
Tall enough to win in a physical fight against you .
Perhaps you will locate one by visiting yahoo.com/moviedownloads .
I feel very sorry for you if you know who Yanni is .
However , I believe Hoopz was much more attractive compared to her .
I am not sure , is it 'Bad Day ' by Daniel Powter ?
The group completed approximately 4 releases and subsequently disbanded .
That show was once my favorite .
He was born on in a leap year .
I love the part when Napoleon is asked what he wants to do today , and he says whatever he feels like doing , gosh !
No matter what faith Kyle was , he would do the same .
I enjoy one song , 'Do n't Funk With My Heart '
The song is Once in a Lifetime by Michael Bolton .
Agreed , it was simply their feelings or pride .
The figure contains no zeros nor any recurring numbers , understood ?
I would say number six because i have not read it yet .
That 's funny because I have heard it before .
I like the song 'Mexican Radio ' by Wall of Voodoo .
Music from the rock genre gives me an adequate amount of catharsis .
'Romancing the Stone ' is a motion picture .
Personally , I like the song Crash .
Please allow me to respond to that at a later date .
Every time you spell Billie Joe wrong , a puppy 's life if ended . Of course , I am only joking .
Well , I attempted to provide her with Rohypnol .
It is probably due to the fact their skin is not yellow .
You know that I will tell you .
It is certainly time for Chicken Little .
Incorrect , however , I enjoy viewing the advertisements in the event they are unanimously prurient .
The other muffin screamed .
You really expect him to come back , do you not ?
Here is my opinion : Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition to take place .
Do you know where there is going to be one ?
Affirmative . I once had a small part in one . It was quite fun .
You have got to stand strong , and just let it go .
If that is banned , it will be missed by many children .
My sister introduced me to the television show initially and I have continued to watch .
All of your question have been about Carrie .
Keep up the good work and creating so much fun .
Hello , contact me and I will instruct you concerning my telephone number .
Are Kasey Kahne and Kristy Labonte still in a relationship ?
I do not think Jamie Foxx is very sexy at all .
I will give you twenty cookies ; The girl says 'Okay , now rub ' .
I hope that Chris will win . I doubt it due to the types of voters American Idol has .
I am relaxed by anything that is smooth .
American Dragon , however , with the restriction that he must be of a more advanced age !
Have you in the past attempted to enjoy any Guns n ' Roses ?
He is still recording music and they are making a movie about him .
You do know that Simba , from 'The Lion King , ' is evil ?
He possesses a devilishly delightful patois .
I believe it is Mariah Carey , I enjoy her songs .
Additionally , an entry I vouch for is 'Tagworld . '
Does anybody know the location of a school which I can attend to learn English ?
Santa Claus because he is immortal .
Pick a song that gets you dancing .
Make sure to get plenty of rest .
' I thought you were watching ! ' The other answered .
These terrified and helpless animals are alive when they are skinned .
I greatly enjoyed the original Star Wars trilogy , although I believe both the original and recent trilogy are quality films .
After she did it as she had n't done before , she got rid of it with funds she had gained in a short amount of time .
I like her soul , but not her .
It is fun to go to the beach and get a tan .
He 'll provide assistance . Alternatively , possibly commit suicide and you will be acquainted with Satan eternally !
Can you tell them that you are engaged ?
These shows have been on air for awhile .
The song called ' A house is not a Home ' , by Luther Vandross .
However , Sabbath is more enjoyable when listened to on a campling trip before a big bonfire while you drink beer .
I literally cry , which I never do , when I heard that he and Jen broke up .
The hiding place must be the most ineffective ever chosen .
If she did dye her hair , she is more attractive as a blonde .
As a result , Johnny 's travels are taking him to his grandfather 's residence .
Please find something to occupy me .
It is amusing even though he is slighly off-center .
I like the songs from Fort Minor 'Believe Me ' 'Remember The Name ' and 'Petrified Where 'd You Go . '
The are very intriguing , beautiful , and mysterious .
Two blonde women walked into a bar .
I believe it 's possibly ' I Want to Be Free , ' a selection from the Ohio Players , an r & b group circa end of the seventies .
The blonde made some really ignorant statements .
Teen Witch , it is a movie from the eighties .
My feelings for her are ambivalent , I neither love nor hate her .
I only phoned in order to express my affection toward you .
You will definitely discover it speedily at present !
It was 102 and the story continues .
He likes doing drugs because it makes him happy .
I believe , however , it 's merely extra body weight generated by the previous pregnancy .
Would you like to hear another off-color joke ?
I do not believe my mother allowed it .
Time goes by fast when you are having fun .
I said to the doctor that I had a large lump .
From 'Spaceballs ' : Why did no one tell me that my posterior is so large ?
I 'm a great singer . How should I begin ?
Even the Rhythm and Blues from the 1960s and 70s is better than this !
Please ask your mother or father to do it .
Her music has improved in comparison to her first album .
Face Off is the best action movie that I have ever seen .
She 's very petty and spoiled .
I would prefer for Tom to become the leader !
Do whatever is necessary and never give up !
You can find some information at the Cartel De Santa .
I did previously , but not anymore .
Can anyone explain what I am thinking about ?
He is opinionated , nothing is wrong with him , he simply is honest .
I am thinking of Drawn Together , Dirty Sanchez , Viva La Bam , and Punk 'd , to name a few .
The last information I received was that he was arrested for selling paraphernalia on the internet .
He is strong , quick , funny , and has many different types of arrows .
Ace was not as good as he could have been tonight .
However , I would like to share my favorite with you now .
Emma has one daughter thus far . She remarried Kim , so they may want more .
He also has several on stage .
He is currently a father as well .
It is the same thing , different day . She is still on drugs and her husband has continued to beat her .
Can you help me find one of the songs by Motorhead ?
That would depend or whether or not you consider Rap songs .
You will find many sources .
The speed of sound would be written 0 f/s because speed can not travel through a vacuum .
Though I 've never really watched either , I have seen enough of the show to say South Park .
Stephy and Mike are two of my best friends .
He is not smart . You can not sue a website because you cheated .
The Exorcist still scares me plenty . 'Texas Chainsaw Massacre , ' the remake , was viscous evilness .
Best wishes and refrain from neglecting to inform me when you become renowned .
When I listen to punk rock music , I become very happy .
I heard that there is going to be a three to four episode mini series on television .
What is the differing characteristic of a light bulb in comparison to a pregnant woman .
When talking with another person , be nice and honest , and listen to their troubles .
Which one did Tom Cruise have a problem ?
The man 's musical releases are without comparison !
I 'm female and , as a result , um , both choices are undesirable .
Indeed , your position is more advantageous with certain matters , if you understand my meaning .
I simply believe it would have been enjoyable to be a Brady .
Provide the website address please as I visit many websites without acquiring it .
If it is , then why is playing this stuff on radio and television allowed ?
I require knowledge on the method for accessing to real show biz internet address !
All of the above .
I 'll say this again , you 're the only person holding yourself back .
My eighty-five-year-old became inebriated and drove off the road but was ultimately fine .
Yes , I enjoy her manner of speaking and her car is very attractive .
The baby must have been protected by a guardian angel .
Excuse me , are you familiar with the tune 'Deadweight ' by Beck ?
The voters made the right decision and did not re-elect Kevin Covais .
I am not a fan of the movie Queen of the Damned .
I am very excited about it . I would even risk getting fired .
They have not caused any harm to me .
However , he is n't overly mature in my opinion !
5 : What becomes damp during a drying process ?
They asked her , 'Do you have any final requests ? '
There is an ice cream shop down the street .
The OC show was not a good representation .
Cartoon Network should show Futurama earlier .
He did make it and I do like most of his animated movies .
Dissolve the sugar and drain it through the sack .
Dream Theater made songs coverying Hey You and Money , and also did one of Velvet Revolver which was not of high quality .
It is correct .
If you fall , I 'll catch you in my curls .
i met Brian May , who performed for Queen , twice and found him pleasant .
A part of the lyrics , says some thing like I am 22 for a moment , or something similar to that .
I know you are supposed to make demo tapes and send them , but I just can not afford that .
Attempt to search in Google for Willie Hutch lyrics .
Tomorrow is the first of April .
It depends on what type you are interested in .
If there is a woman who is a clebrity out there , that would be the case .
You have difficulty spelling words correctly and have landed on the wrong website .
One appeared during a visit to Myspace , however , I have not been successful in finding it again .
Thank you for answering my question , but that is my opinion .
I hope that it is the seventeen year old female .
Malcom , I believe you are referring to 'Black 47 . '
He is not concerned about anything else .
We were suprised and laughed hardily .
Males are not specifically interested in if parties have names or not .
Buy me one if you can not buy one for yourself .
She is a good cook .
What is your question ?
That is because people are usually out on a Saturday evening .
Dependent upon the motion picture selected for viewing .
On both sides of the situation .
It is because children have not seen all the movies we have with killer clowns and Stephen King characters .
That is your nickname ?
Is that what R. Kelly really meant to happen ?
Is it similar to the situation in 'Jungle Book ' depicting Cah in a trance ?
I am very fond of 'The Lord of the Rings . '
They do not , however , look sufficiently alike .
I enjoy Gangs of New York .
She can do what she wants , it is her magazine .
I would like to participate . Are you referring to the song 'Opera Ghost ' from Phantom of the Opera ?
It 's fairly nice . They also have additional gear .
I doubt it , but it 's certainly possible .
I would like to meet you because I admire your taste .
Genuine artists do not worry about it .
We have very large shopping malls out where I live .
Kurt Potter : What the ... how were you able to accomplish such a result ?
What is the time ?
How difficult would it be to become a waitress for Hooter 's ?
I want to reproduce with Alec .
She should get back together with McSteamy .
Boys and girls often rush too quickly into physical relationships by having sex the same day they meet .
There are two types of people . The first group of people have the bodies of birds and become mules in their dreams . The second type ...
I have been through similar circumstances .
If that is the case , why are they permitted to play this on the radio and television ?
I would hate to find a bad guy and mess up my life .
My favorite is Classic Rock , because back then , music meant something .
How many times can someone say 'no ' to you for their hand in marriage ?
You should befriend them .
I thought that the entire feature was a terrific .
Therefore begin conserving currency and time from this point forward .
Just one evening prior , I was enjoying TNT 's program , 'The Closer . '
Every single 'Star Wars ' entry and every known 'Harry Potter ' selection !
Sue said , 'No , he fell off the bottom rung . '
I apologize , I do not think that you can .
Females most assuredly are urged to offer commentary .
What of a suggestion such as : What level of stupidity are you imagining we possess ?
Anything with the names of beers or liquors in it .
Tim Allen acted in the film 'The Shaggy Dog . '
I have been trying to figure out the title and artist of a song .
I like Flea from Red Hot Chili Peppers .
Have someone preform oral sex on you .
I adore it . Because ultimately , 'Everybody Loves Raymond . '
Please supply me with names to use in testing it .
For example , they will learn how to shave .
The artwork in the movie 'Sin City ' is incredible .
The only website I know of is for Hoopz , which is n't currently active .
The Beach Boys just do n't compare .
My favorites are Thumper the rabbit and Flower the skunk .
However , be certain you are able to continue inflicting sufficient damage .
'Your mom ' is really not an appropriate response .
They are now in the room and the woman begins to remove her clothing .
I 'm so disappointed because they canceled it .
Are you of the opinion it 's genuinely impactful ?
Yes , we can tell , you look like your avatar .
You need to telephone that number .
She should retire along with Mariah Carey , Britney Spears , and Jessica Simpson .
The Beatles and The Rolling Stones are both very good .
What really turns me on , is enjoying the true natural scent of a woman .
Yes , eyes are rolled while saying that sarcasm is the lowest form of humor , so do you get it ?
Even my children love watching her perform .
It is a great film .
In the movie , 'Face Off , ' John Travolta said , ' I hate to see you leave , but I love to watch you go . '
I am not dissuaded if it is not my concern . I consider it my concern regardless .
Regardless of one 's chronological age or their musical preferences , the Beatles retain a coolness factor .
For what reason did the young girl strike the young boy ?
I do not care for it that much .
I am so happy that I was incorrect .
My favorite is fight club . You should buy it , rent it , watch it , and then read the book .
Though I listen to a variety of music , lately I have been listening to mostly country .
I 'm of the opinion that items such as those are pitiable .
The last 'Star Wars ' movie was good but not worth buying .
He still talks about how mad he was because he never saw it coming .
I really like Taylor for some reason .
Dependency hinges on the emotional state , I surmise .
I did not consider it to be good quality .
Give me an adult magazine and some alcoholic beverages .
The bat wings provide me with inspirations , however .
I did wonder about that , as well .
I watch anything that is reality television . I really enjoy The Surreal Life .
He looks very young for his age .
I believe DMX and Method Man are in it .
They are very young and talented .
He is much more impressive , and he has an extreme mental prowess .
Listen to the song 'The Intro to Grace ' by Jeff Buckley .
I prefer Sofia Milos over Eva Longoria .
Were we meant to laugh ?
Some people do the same thing .
Naturally , she is older than i am .
Tupac was successful because he sold the most albums .
They possess a unique personal style .
The performance was so funny that I was afraid that I was going to hurt myself from laughing so hard .
In addition , Tina Turner , Janis Joplin , Stevie Nicks , I believe this is enough examples .
Again , the guy in back yells for them to take it off !
I wish I had done somewhat more .
I recently saw a tiger versus a gator , which was spectacular .
Anyone can take a life ; in contrast , saving a life is a true power .
Hands down , my favorite band is AC/DC .
I do not possess a sufficient amount of both .
I enjoy Pearl Jam , but I must choose Metallica .
You can discredit whatever genre that they listen to , whether it be rap , emo , country , or whatever .
You could start a student-based anime club .
I am familiar with them . They were good and I really enjoyed their song called He Loves You Not .
Green Day is significantly better but My Chemical Romance is good , too .
Is baldness relevant as a negative characteristic ?
By the way , my milkshake is better than yours .
I am a teenager and I like the Beatles as well ; They are really great .
I apologize ; I could not hold it for very long .
I stood in line for my closest companion for an hour simply to obtain her autograph .
I can not miss a single episode . I tape the episodes and have watched every one of them over a dozen times .
I do not like her .
Intercourse is when a man and woman come together and are intimate .
Some of the comedy shows I enjoy ; Seinfeld , Roseanne and Family Guy .
I 'd feel extremely guilty and depressed .
It was not geeky .
It that is accurate , what a shame , there are so many freaks in this world today !
Provide the answer to me in a straightforward manner .
He likes Rock and Politics . You could try getting him a , 'System of a Down E-card . '
The other items I failed to ever experience .
A great many songs prompt the specified reaction from me .
Simon has both good and bad moments .
I found them to be entertaining .
I do not know what was played because I did not go to my prom .
I believe that he was being unfaithful to her .
You get a silver medal , since you scored second place .
All their songs are about having sex , and illegal narcotics .
Alternatively , was the trial seemingly never ending ?
I am curious as to the destination people travel to subsequent to her performance ... EENT medical professionals , possibly !
Certainly not , I assume he was homosexual as well .
The list consists of artists 50 Cent , Jay Z , Kayne West , and P Diddy .
Regardless it appears as if you must pay the full price .
It gives me the creeps that they did it with Steve Martin .
They are good enough to go on tour .
I would not mind unless they want to drag out the end for four hours .
I prefer musicians such as Toby Keith and Tim McGraw .
I would not say that he is a molester . Well , he did kiss one little girl on set .
I 'll take my baby and 'John Cena ' too .
I enjoy the story line but I do not understand why the doctor is dating George .
I 'm looking for an album containing a cover of 'Easy ' by Lionel Richie .
I must apologize , but I can not locate this band .
I am a man whose sign is Capricorn .
Clean it with rubbing alcohol , using a soft cloth or tissue .
I liked that move , particuarly Brad Pitt 's performance , and even acquired its soundtrack
For reasons I 'm not sure of , he was awarded custody of both a daughter and a niece .
Check out this web link , it has a lot of locations and different prices .
It is time to accept reality .
I enjoy his song entitled , 'You 're Beautiful . '
What about the smell ?
The name of the song is 'Just the Girl . '
I do not remember the website , but , if you need more miles let me know as I have a significant amount .
You never know , he could be .
What is the best method to entertain a sardar ?
I never thought I 'd ever meet another Moby fan !
It 's a very unusual movie .
I adore experiencing laughter and inane events cause me to laugh .
Moreover , she pointed to his leg .
It 's true because a pen can shoot a bullet .
Is the song named after anyone in particular ?
She should be banned from doing any music !
This is the only example I can produce .
I have no brunette related humor , however I know of an alternative . All right , a gentleman was out in public .
It is because the song is memorable .
No , that show is very bad , in my opinion .
I would pick Tyrese .
Well , that 's due to the fact that he is aware of your scrutiny .
I am not a orchaestra director , I am a vocalist .
I would pick Pearl Jam over Metallica . But , both are good .
'AskMike ' should receive the ten points .
It is a good show .
Furthermore , you should reference the Wikipedia article concerning SS .
You should decide whether it bothers you a great deal .
With a similarity to Satan , in the event Satan possessed his own periodical and trousers .
I pick Guns n ' Roses .
I am from India , so I tend to enjoy Indian Idol .
I greatly enjoy rap and hip hop .
On nearly every occasion , in all seriousness ... however , on occasion , merely for amusement .
Ever since I was sixteen years old it has been Toad the Wet Sprocket . Now that I am twenty-nine it is Trapt .
I prefer other terms for the word 'panties . '
Then men in white coats are coming .
And then the third young woman asked , 'Have you ever had sex ? '
Is that truly a part of the baby 's name ?
I like the Ramones . They admitted they did not play well .
My choices would be Chris or Paris .
They asked whether she had any last requests .
Axle Rose in AC/DC is a wimp !
I could tell you a lot more on myspace.com .
Try searching for 'Tom Felton Singing ' on youtube.com
However you hopefully have not heard of these yet .
It seems as if you do n't receive as much time as you want of them .
I have a joke for you ; what is my name ?
She desires renting a pornographic movie .
I 'm fond of 'Star Wars , ' however my beau is hooked on it , junkie-style .
Or go for a walk and observe people .
I still enjoy the hip hop and rap music that was recorded some time ago .
Ask your friends to invite some boys .
I wish I knew ; unfortunately , my system administrator was inconsiderate and denied access .
I enjoy nearly everything if a person chooses to play it .
It is going to be very entertaining .
He was boring seven years ago .
It is difficult to believe you would do that to me .
Do you seriously think that she did it or do you think he was depressed ?
I do not actually think that they sing any love songs or ballads , but they are a great band just the same .
If depends upon your clothing preferences .
Why does an unintelligent feline fall when walking ?
There are other potential partners available .
Finally , that is a very good song .
This is a strange question and answer , but I still do not understand you .
They would not be tan if he had a beard .
Number two , because I became bored while I was reading it .
Oh , in my opinion , Ace is attractive , however , that 's a positive development .
Kellie and Ayla will certainly be victorious .
Though I have n't played in years , I have played the guitar , violin , bass cello , and auto harp .
On occasion , it 's enjoyable to hear .
He committed suicide , and he 's become at this time the highest level idol personally , despite the fact I 'm female .
And it goes around and around and around .
I despise this musical group a tremendous amount .
If you have seen the movie , it would be a technical favorite for you , also .
I really enjoy Star Wars .
I am the best at everything that I do .
I enjoy watching reruns shown on VH1 .
It does not work , and is therefore a piece of junk !
New York is unpleasant and I would assume she has the aroma of tobacco .
I think Lisa is very attractive .
You are aware of the issue referenced in my speech .
Seeing that title almost caused my father 's death , he was laughing so intensely !
Commented the blonde-haired woman , Hundreds of them are freaking present !
I am from India . It is 10:45 in the morning time there right now .
Have you heard of the European group S.O.A.P. ? They are a sisters singing duo .
Rap performance requires zero ability whatsoever .
You know , they really are not that funny , because they are in disguise .
There are some songs now that are better then the older songs .
Usher is a superior artist because Chris Brown tries to copy him and 50 cent does n't dance .
Nobody in my theater liked 'murder.com ' .
Pick a list of bands , and then ask your fellow classmates questions about said bands .
His age is approximately 83 years .
It has been previously said , and I am aware of that .
It might , however , be intereting to watch sometime .
His name is spelled Keanu .
Because he circumvents the question , and moreover he is an utter dolt .
You would need to add the dialing code for India in front of 2758574 .
I am so hungry , I would eat anything .
I read it for the articles .
Wayne Brady is my favorite , I enjoy when he makes up songs .
Do not enjoy seeing people get killed ?
Any reggae or ska music , any songs by Pepper , Sublime , or No Doubt , but definitely nothing emo .
Your avatar resembles her but is she not a bit more heavy ?
That man absolutely ruined the good feeling .
In the first Pirates of the Caribbean , Captain Jack Sparrow says , 'But you have heard of me . '
She 's uneducated and narcissistic , who is unable to sing !
I say Sabbath , but let us see what you think .
You have got to be kidding ?
Did you hear a joke about a ghost ?
I can not remember . I believe it might have been Robotech or Transformers .
If you do this , I am going to make sure you suffer .
You should kill ten or twenty people you do not know , and then commit suicide .
Janet Jackson , Eva Longoria , Queen Latifah , or Amerie ?
Television and Radio stations tend to play certain songs too much .
She has never lied to me or attempted any inappropriate action with my partner .
About five years ago , I listened to their music frequently .
If she stated she resided on the block then she was being truthful .
The handwriting was so awful , that I threw it away .
Also , unless your life is really bad you would not want to meet the devil .
Yes , that would be very good .
This happens so they do n't separated from the herd .
They completed something akin to a single release and there has been nothing from them subsequently .
It 's similar to someone getting injured at the circus .
Thanks , friend , for making me laugh . I 've never heard that joke before .
The Norwegian said 'Ja , dat sounds purty good ' .
Okay , there is a joke about a brunette , a redhead , and a blonde on a plane .
Therefore , he would of been the thirteenth ghost .
However I still smile when I hear them .
I listen to their music alot .
I could sit down and watch all three movies at once .
I adore him , he has such a humorous outlook !
I enjoy 'Runaway ' by Del Shannon , or '96 Tears . '
I have unusual taste in movies , such as 'Phone Booth , ' 'Butterfly Effect ' and 'The Ring . '
Who in blazes do you believe yourself to be ?
Most likely , I wept due to my weak nature .
Thank you , forty-two . I see that they all answered .
Also , a few of those listed above my comment are also good .
George Lucas was my grandfather 's name .
I recommend that you be open minded to think you normally do not find funny .
Though I have searched both Yahoo and IMDB.com , I can not find any information on it .
You should come to the crossroads .
Bugs Bunny and Maggie Simpson are more attractive than the other two .
I prefer the older one .
Greenday was playing on the radio .
Maintain the attention of all felines .
I am in agreement with Fluor that it is worthy of your consideration .
She hugged him when he answered 'no . '
Ernest Borgnine is still attractive looking .
Visit the website createblogs.com ; it allows you to copy the code for music videos .
HAL 9000 is not a robot in the technical sense , however he is in control of a ship .
Everyone likes the songs 'Freebird ' or 'Tuesdays Gone ' by Lynyrd Skynyrd .
I enjoyed it back in the late 70 's and 80 's .
The gentleman appeared to be horrified while stating , 'You can not be serious ! '
I would like to express gratitude as I currently feel greatly improved .
I do not enjoy country music .
I liked the movies Patch Adams , Pretty Woman , and The Matrix .
Most of them are slow and developmentally challenged .
Being so sick is much better than going to school .
Do not try to flatter me .
I murdered a man .
That is not even a question .
Do not request something speaking sugary like that .
It was like a warning to me that something was going to upset me . It made me lose my composure .
Number one because it was the first three .
In my opinion , I believe it 's an excellent method for relieving stress and encouraging relaxation !
Thank you , I was just in search of some good swing and big band music .
Your mother 's excessive stupidity allowed her to attempt to alphabetize M & M 's .
It is possible that her misbehaving was all an act .
Does anyone have an idea of what happened to them ?
As I 've stated , I enjoy all different types of music .
They have created music in the majority of genres with continued success .
I 'm not acquainted with him to such an extent . I 'm not really concerned . No intention of being cruel , however .
He is a very cocky person .
Subsequently you will travel to the beach after achieving a high .
The question is inappropriate .
I was a Hooter girl previously and , have faith in these words , the Cowboy Cheerleaders ' uniform is doubtlessly sexier .
Are you familiar with beginners ' mathematics ?
He probably will keep it quiet
The 'Red Sonja ' comic , and not the movie adaptation .
I can not answer that question because I seldom watch that program .
The Simpsons is funnier then South Park .
Try wearing something that is comfortable yet feminine .
I do not believe that it is the case because I have not seen it anywhere .
Nobody recognizes him now !
Did the uncle want his nephew to offer himself as a sacrifice ?
Yes , I have rubbed elbows with a celebrity in my past .
He is heterosexual . He is married .
I must choose Led Zeppelin due to my amazement the first time I experienced their music .
No one will take money to smel la mouse .
Ninety bottles of beer on the wall , ninety bottles of beer , etc .
I personally like John Mayer , he is a great artist with a certain charm .
The blonde lady turned around .
I love Armani Black Code as well .
I would be so upset if he did that . I hope he does not .
'Barnacle head ' is a rude name to call someone , similar to 'stupid head . '
I only watched a few episodes , but they all ended up being good .
My favorites include Yes , Fates Warning , Dream Theater , Vanden Plas , Pain of Salvation , Depp Purple , and Kansas .
What is the difference between the rooster and a prostitute ?
Look out world , because this group could really succeed in a big way !
It has been copied over and over so many times .
The actor who p
He is a very easy-going person , and very interesting .
In my opinion , Sting is improving with age .
I like Orlando Bloom , Jude Law , and Ben Affleck .
He has money in his pocket .
That is true , except that these had ' A Walk to Remember ' written on them .
I am certain his number can be found in the phone book .
Ashwarya Rai , who is the only person similar to herself .
For some reason , I do not like her nose .
Lately , I have been playing songs by Guns n ' Roses and Journey .
Dispatcher : All right , mister , simply try to relax .
Where could I order this CD ?
That is my guilty pleasure .
The show also has good music .
I always have a weird feeling when caught in the middle of a situation .
I can guess how they made their money .
I was so impressed that I asked others for their impressions . So , what was your impression ?
He may do it to keep people watching to see if he will say something new .
I adored 'Scenes from a Hat . ' In my opinion , every entry was humorous !
It is three words , and in Latin means 'Pray for Us ' .
Cancer can be in many different parts of the body .
It is entertaining to appreciate , dislike , be rude towards , and enjoy the characters .
I 'm unsure . I do request that you to pray for my soul .
You can find the actors information on IMDB.com .
Yes , they are good friends .
Bucky should , but it is most likely that one of the protagonists will do that .
I would make her eat a cheeseburger .
Boy , this gentleman is deserving of a large amount of motion picture appearances .
If I turn the volume up fully , it is certain that a passing ship will hear it .
Be happy and be proud about it .
Due to our innate ability to shop .
He creates all his own material .
I would like to be a contestant on Wheel of Fortune !
Without question , Sahid . Oh , that gentleman is so sexually appealing .
I need to go to bed because my mind is going crazy !
I always consumed it out of sheer enjoyment .
I would like to go to The Concord Mall .
I hope they do not regarding Rape .
That is what I like .
The motion picture in which he played as the Jets quarterback , and so on .
One set of the twins , apparently !
Buy a zen micro over an Ipod .
I am a fan of the show 'Wild N Out ' .
It is an old joke which I heard as a child .
I wish to supervise the entire globe for the purpose of creating an improved existence for both of us . LOL .
I engaged in ice skating and riding bicycles with great enjoyment during my younger years .
The first blonde states , ' I would like to be intelligent . '
I think that McDreamy is very sexy .
Billie Joe is everything to me .
I am reading , not fishing .
They have finally worked on a movie together .
My mother telling me to clean my room .
I have two very close friends , four standard friends , and a large assortment of acquaintances .
Mulligatawny , I 'm able to recall simply due to the fact that it 's a humorous word to invoke , Mulligatawny
I provide answers for amusement and authentic responses .
that movie is very good . You have no sense of what is good .
Well , I think on the R and B scene , Alicia Keys is rocking it .
I do not remember if Dylan or P.P. & M . is accurate .
I liked Brad and Jen being in a relatioship together .
How do you make an unattractive child ?
I would like to hear that Missy Elliot song , too .
She said , ' I 'll give you ten cookies . '
i did not , however , see any sign of her there .
It 's a great magazine . It has great information , without anything inappropriate .
It is the American dream , asleep on the job .
The woman gets into the bed , but he does not want to because his mother told him no .
He shall experience his initial , his second in line ... birthday following an 4-year interruption .
That tells me I need to go do something else .
Are you aware of which album it was on ?
I enjoyed the first couple of seasons , and some of their new music is alright .
Try going with laces .
She called him a fool .
It is the kind consisting of waves and water .
I will come to your house and download it for you
She 's rich , rude , and acts inconsiderate of others .
Congratulations , you are the father of twin children !
She opens the door of the vehicle .
I pick three , 'Young Frankenstein ' , 'Raising Arizona ' , and 'Love and Death ' .
The catch-phrase that came from , 'Toy Story , ' was , 'To Infinity and Beyond . '
I like a few of her songs , but not her personality .
You should find a hobby or go and live your life .
Men are so obsessed with exotic woman because you rarely see woman
David Bowie sings Big Brother live in 1974 .
I like CSI : Las Vegas .
I shipped something there before .
I apologize , but you are being mean to your friend .
It is eerie that I had a similar thought recently .
Two men walk into a bar . The third man stoops to avoid hitting it .
I find him attractive and I enjoy listening to his rap music .
Lindsay looks rough , and Hillary is not attractive at all .
I am not bothered by Satanists , as they resemble Christians in most respects .
Yes , you can just give me the name of some actors that might be in the movie .
For me it is either Spiderman or Shaggy from Scooby Doo because he it totally cool .
People still talk about his work and life , even tough he has passed on .
They are the best looking people I have seen .
Release the things that bother you , starting with the most bothersome .
The catch-phrase , 'Me Tarzan , You Jane , ' from the movie , Tarzan .
Did the USS Lincoln succeed in moving the lighthouse ?
Please do n't share your thoughts right now .
He does have a few songs that I enjoy , however I would decline .
No , I suppose that you do not .
It is good , but not the scariest film I have seen .
I do not believe that . Raven announced on television that she is n't in a relationship with him nor is she pregnant .
Incorrect , I simply did n't find them to be adequately humorous .
If you are female , ones with no clothing .
My favorite band is Spoken , favorite actress Kate Hudson . I do n't have a favorite singer .
The world would be uninteresting if everyone listened to the same music .
# 3 , however the motion picture was unattractive .
Perhaps try Limewire , Bearshare , Imesh , or Bittorent , which I consider the best .
No , the film was horrible and lost the studio money .
Ask something like , did Jesus ever participate in intercourse ?
In the event he did prefer to use .
It is difficult to choose between them because they are both excellent .
You can open a beer bottle with any belt buckle .
I do not think that they are .
It is hard to get again once you have passed it .
Racialism and anything associated with it is uncalled for .
Let us try it anyway .
Every person I come into contact with states , 'You 're a genius ! '
There is no question that I am back in black , amd ot is AC/DC , no question about that !
The first part is okay , but the second and third parts are hopeless .
They originate from their maternal and paternal parents .
I heard it on the radio ; I am not sure if it is true , but it is still worthwhile .
Therefore , he rose from his seat and walked to the kitchen .
I believe that the movie was made in the mid 1990s , possibly 1995 or 1996 .
I have seen alot , but I will only name a few .
It is unfortunate because I am having a lot of fun .
I recently viewed the entire film and I am still unsure of the culprit .
Yes , I love it because it is a good movie .
Before I sell it , I will have it tuned .
Please allow me to be the 'best answer . '
Without his legs and his bad singing voice , he would be perfect .
She did it to save her marraige .
It 's amazing how much preteen girls love her .
I will dance throughout the entire night upon hearing my strongly prefered song 'Gasolina ' performed by Daddy Yankee in the Reaggeton genre .
You have to try Google Video , it is free , and very fun .
I do not really appreciate her current music .
I like him , just not his band Black Sabbath .
As I have said , there are so many good ones available .
The most successful group would be Green Day since they already have sold more than one million albums .
All of the girls like Brad Pitt . He is married to the beautiful Angelina Jolie .
It is how they represent the character in the book and on television .
Hip-Hop , Rhythm and Blues , and some Rock n ' Roll .
I am lisening to Peace of Mind by Boston right now .
I am unable to believe the excessive number of people ridiculing this question .
Thus , I no longer believe in the concept of 'true friends . '
Whoever is on at the time because they look the same .
Wear your eyeglasses as you appear to be mistaken concerning colors when stating grasses are either blue or purple .
I want a man to win . Either Elliot or the man who appears to be elderly .
In a good , happy way , this gets then all excited and loud .
In my opinion , it is slightly ridiculous .
I do not want to be married .
They had me believeing they planted a prank on me . I was very paranoid .
I hope they reunite and create another album soon !
I have only heard f the hand that fees , but it was very good .
You can not really tell . It depends on whether or not someone messes up .
I like almost anything by the Black Eyed Peas , but especially the songs 'My Humps ' and 'Pump It . '
It would be great .
I like music that gets me excited , such as hard rock and heavy metal .
My answer would be any and all rappers .
The simple answer here is that no one cares .
I do not have one now , but there used to be a movie called Protocol , starring Goldie Hawn .
Would it be the same if Superman was not Superman , but Ok-man ?
Which movie of Kevin Covias ' are you speaking of , Chicken Little or The Sex Symbol ?
I really enjoy volleyball .
He really has a bad body odor .
The soundtrack for 'Animal House ' is very popular and one of my favorites .
The song Never Had a Dream Come True is sung by S Club 7 .
Please learn how to correctly ask a question .
I plan to purchase the CD when it is released .
I like Hero , the one about Kurt Kobain .
Alongside all the other characters .
I believe that he performs a radio show in Virgin Radio .
I have earned some bragging rights here , so I hope you do not mind !
He most assuredly physically assaulted significant posterior .
Music involving a distinctive beat and smooth flow .
You do not even know me . Please leave me alone .
Absolutely not . I would have attempted to get her to engage with me .
I shall select one entry from among my most prized country selections .
You never know , it could be fun to go to the beach or the lake and just splash around .
At about the age of three or four , I was learning how to write .
I am a Scorpio and my partner is a Leo , and we get along very well .
It ws so bad that I almost cried .
I enjoy his music .
I believe I could be a movie star .
I am glad that it won the award for best picture .
In actuality , I hoped for New York to be victorious .
He did not shave his beard , so he must have been lying .
He is the example of why you should not drink , do drugs , or have kids .
They are counted in beats of three .
It is easy to like them .
It gives a nice feeling to choose and purchase things for yourself .
I only care for my little sisters , not even for myself , you know ?
At the age of 60 , she is a walking sack of silicone .
He can perform on any instrument that can be played with hands , including banjo , mandolin , tambourine , congas , maracas , triancgle , and so on .
The song You Had A Bad Day performed by Daniel Powter .
There are rumors in many places .
In other words , the genres of music that you specifically like .
I hope no one else does what George Lucas did .
The school principal guffawed and remarked , 'April Fools ! '
That question is silly . Are you serious ?
If you are able to name the song then that is great .
I am not sure , but if you learn of any , please inform me .
I 'm of the opinion that 'Baywatch ' and 'Knight Rider ' should be rebooted .
You will think twice before eating fast food if you watch the documentary Super Size Me .
I play the trumpet and received first chair .
This is supposed to the the case with muffins , but is not intelligent for either case .
Take a look at yourself in the mirror and laugh .
Possibly they both contain the letters 'me ' and ' e ' , which spells me .
Inform them of your same-sex attraction , take a male friend with you when visit there and have a field day ...
I do not know if it is a good thing to say that I am related to Russel Crowe .
I have not been to the mall in a long time .
Will you leave your e-mail address so that we can communicate in the future ?
He wanted to play a game of golf .
I met the actor who portrayed Bear Bryant in 'Forrest Gump . '
This is a mall that is seven blocks long .
My favorite song , is Sugar We 're Going Down by Fall Out Boy .
On a webcam I watched a man masturbating .
I forgot that they had spoken .
How would you like it to happen ?
It seems that everyone has forgotten that you are an addict .
Ginger , meaning she has red hair . If she does not talk much , then we will get along very well .
Are you able to aurally experience their upward movement on your driveway ?
She acquires the film and relocates to the her abode .
( Lol , he was n't as unpleasant as supposed , however , you understand my connotations .
Americans should know that this is th aircraft carrier USS Lincoln , which is the second largest ship in the Atlantic fleet of the United States Navy .
I love both characters , so that 's a hard decision . But I think werewolf is my favorite .
I ca n't say I am very fond of her , but she 's more intelligent than you 're giving her credit for .
Family Guy is the best show .
Do not trust any products at www.supershadow.com .
Because the parrots eat all of them .
I feel satisfaction on Brenna 's termination .
I dislike here primarily because she wears fur .
I 'm uncertain , however , I obtained the motion picture . I adore the program in question .
Who really cares about this ? I do not enjoy this annoying woman , she is an amateur singer , an amateur actress , and what exactly does she really do ?
If it is a girl , I pick the names of Kellie or Paris .
I want to date Brad .
Indeed , I enjoy all of Music Television 's shows .
Those are the only ones I can remember currently .
Aerosmith 's ' I Do n't Wan na Miss A Thing ' is a great song .
If you like the Emo genre , you should download the song 'Saying Sorry , ' by Hawthorne Heights .
From the newspaper it is Scorpio , and Libra .
My favorite athletes are Reggie Miller , Charles Barkley and Michael Jordan .
If you are talking about Dylan from 90210 , and Cohen from the O.C , the I would fully choose Cohen .
The 1980 's were an awesome era , I was in high school during them .
Luke never gave up .
I think 'American Idol ' may be at fault .
Thank you ; and any event be impassive while you are doing it .
I own it . I reccommend skipping to the movement that occurs before the Can-Can scene . It gives me the chills .
It 's a definite must see movie .
Yes , of course , because there is still a crease in their forehead .
I only prefer their music , but I do not like their popularity .
We are both opposite and similar because sometimes we think alike and I love him so much .
Intending to purchase a chainsaw for myself . That unexciting , inarticulate nebbish needs to perish !
He is pretending to be interested in you . Do not believe other people 's excitement .
I 'm like JD from Scrubs because we are both dorks .
Some do , but others stand in the front and assault camera crews .
My most adored motion picture is 'Pirates of the Caribbean . '
Someone may be able to do one thing , but not the other .
It appears they will be included in the television series .
I adore Eminem , I think that he incredibly sexy !
Additionally , does any one have knowledge concerning the title , as the most recently suggested one was not realistic .
She has an attractive derriere , and that is fine with me .
I think I have this correct ; Is it 'Opera Ghost ' ?
Ever since I heard , 'Pretty Hate Machine ' , I have loved NIN .
She and Bill Gates own it together , it is a massive conspiracy .
We stood around , we talked , and I have amazing memories of being a teenager .
He had wanted to be a second hand smoker .
I think that it is time to stop .
I do not believe he would possess many televisions .
Yes , he lives in Memphis with Elvis Presley and Notorious B.I.G .
In conclusion , I provided my rant and I am anticipating July .
I believe the answer is two because there are only two of them .
Yoko Ono is John Lennon 's widow and a Japanese singer .
I have never seen grandfather blushing so deeply previously .
What manner of entertainment is that , you degenerate ?
I am in 2nd period at school right now .
Some of the more popular performers are : the Goo Goo Dolls , Bret Micheals , and Mike Tramp .
Affirmative , his appearance is strongly reminiscent of Meat Loaf in many ways .
I 'm grateful , I now comprehend . Significantly , er , electrical .
My favorite actor and actress are Jamie Foxx and Angela Bassett .
I like the band Black Eyed Peas !
I really like , 'Billion Dollar Babies . '
I am uncertain but do not believe that I do .
I think this happened because her husband had gone away .
I believe it is not a well-made movie . I also do not enjoy 'Star Wars ' .
As I am into Green Day , I prefer Billie Joe .
For people who enjoy films that are considered 'cult classics ' : Dr. Frank N. Furter or Dr. Strangelove ?
What kind of disgusting school do you attend !
She is from the country , so she is well grounded .
I am looking to buy tickets to , 'The Monster Truck Show , ' at the Utica Auditorium .
Rap music and hip hop are very good .
I am the love of their life .
I never saw it , but I head it was pretty good .
I 'm aware of the movie you 're referring to and you have my mind spinning at the moment !
I saw Al Pacino as well .
I like the monkey , but of course I love monkeys .
Download it untill it is complete .
I 've wasted a half an hour .
Lol , due to the fact it 's the path you take for driving ?
Please inform me of how young minds can be effected by the that particular question !
They get married but that does not mean she needs to move away from her father .
I listen to everything from Evanescence to Moart , but not country .
Why did Hitler commit suicide ?
I love men who are somewhat tall , have a dark complexion and are attractive .
The show Tomcats is similar to watching drama .
It is always the older , good actors .
Maybe it is because they misspelled 'Lincoln . '
An individual who lends no credence to astrology .
In the show , everyone hides and the brunette escapes .
With that one exception I am a golden girl .
Go to a graveyard in the late evening and have a look around .
What 's black and white , and jumped off a dock ?
I work as a server at Bennagn 's and enjoyed it greatly .
Steve Perry , George Jones , and Loretta Lynn are my favorite country singers .
It is n't complicated and should n't have to be explained .
In addition , I will guarantee that you will live a long and healthy life !
Did someone hang themselves during film production and they just did not show it ?
It 's in my possession . It 's quite excellent .
The one with the credit card affected me .
I am going to cry if my Lisa goes !
I like his songs .
It was not close to being as good as the first .
No accent is present while being excessively techno .
It was great because I like Ryan Reynolds and his humor .
He is the guy with the long hair and the mustache , is he not ?
A man travels backward in time in order to meet a women he saw in a photograph .
TuPac was never concerned regarding his music . It 's a shame he passed .
It needs a color , and in my opinion no other color would be good .
Additionally , John Travolta is capable a portraying a very believable villain .
The made History twice in the same week .
I am not fond of those movies except Star Wars , Empire , and Jedi .
The second woman asks , 'Have you ever been kissed ? '
I want to be a contestant on the show 'Deal or No Deal . '
Please cut me some slack and tell me what is happening .
Yes , I learned to read the beginning parts .
What was the point of it ?
I say 'You Come and Go , You Come and Go ' .
'Do n't Forget to Remember Me ' is a song by Carrie Underwood .
How is it possible that such a stupid person can be so famous ?
I seriously do not know because I am a rude person .
However , Juggernaut will be victorious if Bruce Banner is ambushed .
However , a few girls , who appeared to be of four or five years of age , passed through .
Of course not , however , it does sell .
Due to my failure to find it and regardless of the search results a man and woman are necessary .
It was popular when I was younger .
The best shirt is the one that says , ' Gim me Your Tots . '
While blowing on the horn say 'ta ka ta ka ' to yourself .
Therefore , I do not wish to have ten points .
The person got tired and drowned .
Correct , in this very location in this query .
I 've never been a big fan of Brenna 's , so I would n't be upset if she left .
Perhaps the actor representing Barney instead of the character , although Barney is lovable .
That 's a difficult question . Although ACDC is all that .
I miss Palmer , Edgar , and Michelle .
Do you remember when Kate found the stage glue and beard ?
My choice was Audio Adrenaline , therefore I am asking who is aware of this group and are they still performing ?
The first video was a prank . The second one is worse .
I can not add anymore .
It is the least I can do for you .
I enjoyed his performance in 'Boston Legal . '
He performs a great song , but confusingly , his appearance is not consistently appealing ! Is n't that strange ?
Then you can find your song , so I recommend that you try it .
Are you inquiring whether she is skilled at her job ?
He asked his son , at the breakfast table , what happened last night ?
I am going to spit in his eye .
Those girls are too slender .
It does not really matter ; concentrate on the appearance .
What is your age ?
I think my partner smells excellent .
Plus , in which additional motion pictures has he appeared , if they exist ?
It was very gross and ugly advertising .
Gerard is not homosexual . If he was , then of course , Ville Vallo or Billie Joe , from Greenday , would definitely be his boyfriend .
Jennifer is a good person and Angelina is the troublemaker .
I have a flute for you .
The quote 'Oh my God , they killed Kenny ' originated from the television show 'Southpark . '
I agree , however , I did not watch the film .
The boy ran up to the girl , and noticed she was in grave danger .
I like a lot of musical groups .
There has to be one out there , but in the meantime , lets get to know each other .
I present to you Glenn Miller !
I do not want to end my life without any scars .
Is the song called , It Takes a Woman by Blackhawk ?
And what about the relationship between Marlena and John or Alex ? Do not forget the relationship between Sammy , Carrie , and the men .
Big Ben exploded ?
Zombies do not exist .
Though I really like her , I do n't think she is the best singer .
Ok , I could never allow my anger towards you to perpetuate itself .
It was significantly different from a television progam .
You either live in the North Pole or have mental issues .
It is the Baskstreet Boys .
I am just kidding , I assume it is the name of a band .
I will totally buy it , if anyone has a copy .
My hair would be unappealing if trimmed to such a short length .
Being intimate with one 's closest friend 's romantic partner ?
However , I love all the episodes very much .
I want New York to fight pumpkins .
Why can not Christian deal with honest questions ?
You will be fired for doing that .
She is a classic movie star .
I like to listen to good older music ( no matter the style ) and reminisce .
I mean no offense to anyone who may be Polish .
I love the song 'Mockingbird ' .
You should listen to Al Green 's music . He is good .
Johnny tells Grandpa that his dog is growling at him .
No one wishes they were Ozzy .
The cats like their food raw and live .
A female friend of mine insisted that I watch a certain movie with her .
They had me in mind when the Indians started calling Europeans , Pale Face .
If he does not kill you , then he may be just the kind of man any girl would like .
Who is your favorite character
You are man surrounded by people who do n't understand sex .
I am only 21 years of age , so not too old .
Great films , if you enjoy reading subtitles while watching a film !
The album the Joshua Tree by U2 is good .
Another point , it secured an Oscar this year .
I 'm an enthusiastic celebrant of seventies-based music performances !
My wife would not agonize over it .
Are you trying to change a light bulb ?
He would be unusual , because he came from outerspace .
All the parents hated him back in the day .
If I had to pick then I would say 'vampire ' .
I starred in , 'America 's Next Top Model .
I hope that she will not get married again , knowing that she had them .
Head off to experience the gates of hell and return .
The particular one when Rory moved into her Yale dorm .
Santa was excessively overweight while the woman was driving .
Does n't it originate from that person ?
I adore the program . In my opinion , it 's the number one reality series on television . And Simon is the star .
Some of the female tennis stars today are even more attractive than she is .
Yes , I stutter a lot . I try to avoid leaving a voice mail unless it is required .
I believe it is homosexual and should n't be done .
This is not a valid question . You are being foolish and have wasted 5 points .
Their music has gotten me past bad times in my life .
I think that most of the time , it was the guy .
I had not thought about it prior to you pointing it out .
How much can we discover about you simply by analyzing your stride ?
She currently resembles Eartha Kit .
Such a circumstance would necessitate a determination of 'Legend . '
What information alerts you to the fact that a blonde-haired individual is experiencing a problematic day ?
Currently my favorite character is Zack Slater , I find him very attractive .
Batman , played by Val Kilmer , said 'Chicks dig the car . '
Negative , and I have attempted it on more than a single occasion , lol .
He turned out to be weird .
He noticed a note on the side of the bed .
The person has a pleasant nature , however , the age is younger than I would consider romantically acceptable .
The music from the 1960 's is regaining popularity .
Follow the link below to discover the contents .
I am with them on this issue .
Was it her or the other person that I do n't find smart , Pam Anderson ?
No , I never faltered in my belief concerning our love reaching the state we enjoyed in the past .
How do you kill a blond ?
Hello sir , use moderation concerning the loaf .
What questions have you witnessed most frequently on this site ?
I truly enjoy Dawn Of The Dead .
Pop music , the hip hop genre , and rap songs fail to even be enjoyable to hear , and country music is excessively ... acoustic sounding .
He is not injured because he merely fell out of a window on the first floor .
Another category is sad movies dealing with history and suffering .
I enjoy that motion picture , and find David Bowie to be even more attractive now that when he made it .
It is when you have an eye problem and you see three instead of two .
Is there anything I can do ?
'Scrubs , ' however , I did n't manage to see it on the previous evening .
He would have a need to deny it .
If only Sawyer would quit glaring !
Thank you , but I am not worthy .
You are a mean person . I do not know why people do things like that to nice people .
The first concept to address concerns your reasons for opposition to assisting orphans .
If he was good , then he would be famous .
However , as for myself , I merely enjoy baking .
Simply perform a search on Yahoo !
This happened because Aspirin has cornered the market .
Also contain the elements I require , the method for obtaining them , and the manner in which to configure it .
He would be a superhero without the funds ?
If you 've yet to watch their body of videos , you ought to head out and purchase it at this very moment !
He brushed them off by saying , 'Thank again , Misses ' .
What will people think ?
Hold on as I am reloading my bong ; that is better and now I can get on with what I was saying .
I would suggest using an Indian Remedy .
Number three , it is time to move on to more recent music .
The hairdresser replies , ' I can not give you a haircut . '
I did not think that anyone actually watched this movie .
If you strongly dislike Hilary Duff I have an alternative for you .
I was really touched by the movie 'Rent ' , which I have just finished .
It makes me sick thinking of how she can be bald yet still look good .
They are so different and yet I do not like either of them .
I generally do not like African-American comedies , but , Lawn Dogs was the best that I had ever seen !
It is the result of being a traveling young musician .
'Dance , ' 'Dance Fall Out , ' or any song from any of their albums .
I have been interested in him for a long time .
I would have sexual relations with her , even though I do not know about her personality .
R. Kelly was fine prior to his decision let his hair grow long and sexually assault underage females by force .
That is a horrible perogative .
I saw nothing for free .
I did not keep up after that .
I suppose this may be an old song .
Finally , one of them asked about what she rolled .
I recently encountered your wife .
I listen to Led Zeplins song 'Houses of the Holy . '
If you do not know them , you are crazy . They are the best !
It is available on amazon.com for about $ 15 , excluding shipping and handling costs .
On Yahoo Music , you pay approximately $ 10 for unlimited downloads .
The Steven movie being talked about came later than 'Without a Trace ' in the eighties .
On which album can I find it ?
The term indicates the phrase 'shakin the bootie . '
Everyone looked at me and chuckled .
Give them to the devil chicken .
Visit JibJab.com and investigate what 's happening , a modicum of genuinely humorous material exists within !
You need to tell your parents that you are pregnant .
I enjoy all of them ; I 'm not as fond of you .
I have no idea , however , it was required of somebody .
I like to watch The Simpson every day .
I choose number five , it 's was interesting .
Now can you answer the question , please ? Do you think that Ashlee Simpson is repugnant ?
You are in ugent need of assistance .
They are a little bit overage to still be performing .
Localgod208 is on target , so go with him .
she is reading young adult books .
Affirmative , the answer is 'Harry Potter and the Order of the Phenox . ' I have no idea of the correct spelling .
I really enjoyed that show , then it suddenly stopped airing .
You still have to admire her because now other celebrity is so honest about their lifestyle issues .
They used to play such great videos on that show .
Is this normal , or am I over reacting ?
If I were to make the decision , he would n't receive anything .
Did you see Fantastic Four come on starring Jessica Alba ?
What of the option to close your maw since you 're unintelligent . Unable to recall the motion picture featuring it .
I played the flute , once upon a time .
I would be satisfied with only one , although both would be preferred .
The movie is Top Gun and its quoted ' I feel the need , the need for speed . '
I love 'Fruits Baskets . ' In my opinion , Kyo is the best character .
Go the the video store as fast as you can .
I enjoyed the movies as well and Shrek 3 will be released in the near future .
The next time they say each other , the boy said ' I love you ' .
They think he is potentially the next American Idol .
You will need to wait until their CD comes out , although you may be able to find a bootlegged copy now .
It would depend on whether the trip into nature was into the jungle or on the sea .
I would say it has to be Superman .
My history as a loyal viewer traces back to the program 's initial episodic run . Therefore , I was merely contemplating whether or not someone else was also an enthusiast .
On those occasions in which your arithmetic is in an unfortunate state .
He says that there were things that overwhelmed him .
A baby seal walked into a club .
I find that joke amusing .
I really enjoyed it . It made me cry .
Can anyone explain to me if the uncle was the thirteenth ghost or was he still alive ?
Lock Stock and the Two Smoking Barrels .
Jay Z is a much better rapper than Bow Wow .
It would not have been the same since his name has changed .
You ca n't trust those guys .
Perhaps if you had a significant other .
Whenever you feel like being there , go . Whenever you do not feel like being there , fly home .
I did not like it at all when it was on prime time but I watch it quite often now .
Hopefully , Taylor Hicks will be voted off soon , since his only unique characteristic is his gray hair .
My could not believe that my friend said this . Please if you copy this , please be sure to source it . Thank you .
He would have possessed the resolve necessary to move it .
I can not eat any more food . *Eats more , then explodes . *
The ability to relive the best years of my life would be nice .
I am highly anticipating the reunion .
He does not like Kyle , who is jewish .
Yes , but eating out at restaurants has stopped .
When you are trying to make a copy of a song , be sure to check the length of time .
I like Skatr Boy , but she is a little odd .
They enjoy having many clothes .
It is Steve Harris from Iron Maiden . He is the best bass player I have ever heard .
The song with the title 'Breaking Free ' or a title very similar is exceptional .
I will award ten points to the person with the funniest idea .
I need to find a place to download music .
Until they have no more ideas .
I currently play the guitar and bass , before I used to play the piano .
Rebuke them . Help them become more faithful .
I love Ace 's music . I would like either him or Kelly to win .
Start at ' A . '
The new film features Johnny Depp .
If you were paying attention , you would know that I already said it .
Then read The Professional Singers Handbook , by Gloria Rusch .
She told him if she would wait for him if he felt as if he could be friends with her , again .
Neil Diamond sings the song 'The Story of My Life . '
Number one vocalist personally is Avant Luv , his selection entitled ' 4 Minutes . '
The imagination can be a real good thing .
You could apologize and say you are not pregnant . That will also make them feel bad .
It has to be red because it is my favorite .
I am very impatient and I could not count them .
The 80 's were great for music . The generation boasts of the best music , but if you love 80 's music , also , that is alright .
So you 'd be able to use the erosion process in the event it 's science-related .
They look cuter together than other couples , and I like Jen better than his last partner .
Many actresses are physically appealing , however , I prefer Jennifer Garner as I consider her to be very attractive .
I do not see any nose whatsoever .
It is hard to be a musician and not get paid .
The term I least enjoy utilizing is 'hate ' due to the fact it 's so brutal .
It is undoubtedly 'Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds ' as performed by William Shatner .
I do not like worms .
You gave me two points .
'The Munsters , ' did not have a butler . However , 'The Addams Family , ' had Lurch .
I believe you mean a free download , which is not the case .
Does Mandy Moore appear in that motion picture .
One type can count , whereas the other can not .
What does Metallica sound like ?
When she is gone , the sun does not sunshine .
I believe Fergie is Caucasian , Will is African American , Allan Pineda Lindo is African American and Filipino , and Taboo is Latino .
Yes , you will cry when you talk to me .
That sounds to me like a wonderful life .
I would never be able to shoot my wife .
Yes , Original Sin with Antonio Banderas and Angelina Jolie is good .
I have not seen it before but the actor 's name is Hayao Miyazaki .
Yes , I certainly did n't expect that .
Many movies produced today are like that .
The rapper , Cho Chang , is probably from Africa as he sounds African American to me .
I see myself in the mirror daily .
You place her in a cylindrical shaped room and instruct her to sit in the corner .
The overriding factor is my inability to play .
Bob Loblaw , lol . Repeat it quickly for 10 iterations . You 'll also find yourself laughing .
I recently christened a large number because I possess a large number of hues which were n't christened within my mind !
I have seen this question before . It usually has the same responce .
Who am I , what is my name ?
I do not like Harry Potter .
I have four children . That 's all that 's necessary for me .
I believe that I have given you an answer to your question .
I used to watch it .
I 'm enjoying a special block of 'Supernanny ' episodes at the moment . I 'm suffering from a high-intensity headache , plus my regular employment is derived from minding young children !
The music I like is punk , emo , and screamo .
I go to the mall no more that absolutely necessary . I dislike because it is over-priced and overrated .
I have to inform my husband that I won five thousand dollars from a scratch of ticket .
To be honest , the book and the film were somewhat dispassionate , in my opinion .
If Sims 1 is good , then Sims 2 must be the best because it is supposedly better .
I find it difficult to comprehend that no individual responded with 'Daria . '
I keep you in my thoughts while you keep E in your thoughts .
I did try Limewire and several others . I had trouble and was unable to download anything from them .
'Will & Grace ' is the most amusing television show ever created .
A document : are you not able to complete it in another style >
I 'm able to visualize it in my mind at this moment .
I will not get rid of my eyes for your sake .
I like them all , and she is such a good actress !
I ca n't believe I am wasting my time with a question like this .
I do not know why I love it so much !
He was in possession of an enormous compilation of 45 records and they presented his top songs .
Spend the whole day in the bathroom .
I love the Beatles because they were the greatest boy band .
She is very wealthy and can afford to do whatever she would like .
It is going to be a very good season .
I do not watch much television .
I admire them both .
I did n't think he was original at all .
I would pick They Might Be Giants .
And then he says that he works for 7Up !
The organized a conference with the sole purpose of investigating if blondes really are THAT stupid .
I think it helps to keeps girls grounded , and help them realize models are n't just born that way .
Currently my favorite band is Bleach .
If you have not seen those , you should go and see them .
I live in the Bay Area .
It is a comedy show and it is extremely funny .
I liked the original Apocalypse Now with Martin Sheen , I thought he did a wonderful job .
I did not because they are all old .
I just received the best DVD and it has hidden features but I do not know how to locate them .
I suggest you download Morpheus and acquire the ad version or Imesh .
I have downloaded song of his to my computer .
Spongebob and Patrick have a relationship solely based on friendship .
Please do n't recommend ordering the magazine .
You have much to learn .
From a vocal standpoint , they are excellent , however , I did not enjoy the music they produced .
I love 'Grounded For Life ' although it was cancelled , and the reruns are hilarious .
From my understanding , he will play Mr. Burns in the Simpsons film .
Can you please include your e-mail address and other contact information ?
Yes , I continue to watch it in the mornings aired by TBS .
It is too bad that you can not do that .
Correct , however I fail to understand why certain females feel such envy towards one another .
What do you think , tank top , or , halter top and jeans ?
That 's the aspect upon which I find myself speculating .
To start with , where can I find a platform ?
I think it will be close .
Out of respect for the spouse and the company , arguments should be conducted privately .
I have always wanted children
I also like Golden Girls , Threes Company , and Saved by the Bell .
His son pointed out that he did n't return home until after 3 AM .
You are right , I do not like Mariah Carey like I did before .
The first things you need to do is learn how to spell his name correctly .
I just completed it . It was fantastic !
The Hispanic female doctor was the one to perform the surgery , the cute , young doctor ( the one whom slept with Grey ) assisted her .
Do you think it may have been from a television program .
Perfect your craft and possess a baritone vocal quality .
The lead singer is married with three adopted daughters .
Plase let me know if you know any chords .
I like the first one the most .
We are unique and like no one else .
I enjoy viewing ice skating .
I do not think so .
In addition , he will have a cool ride .
Put heavy duty glue on your fingers .
I biography that I really enjoy is about Johnny Cash , 'Walk The Line . '
At which point it 's enjoyable to purchase from a retail music establishment .
Get off of the computer , before I punish you .
Thus , on an occasion in which an individual angers you , you 're able to employ your devil companions to carry out a physical attack .
They are friends who respect and understand each other .
I will sue you .
Thank you , in advance , if you are able to help .
In the pop music genre , try Madonna . All of her music is very good . Have you heard the recent songs ?
The news makes it look like it might be yes .
I do not , however , maybe someone else does .
I am a girl . I am not interested in females .
Actually , they are my favorite band .
It sounds like a toy car in my opinon .
On each occasion I was accessing the internet for several subsequent weeks , I exchanged conversation with the gentleman .
It depends on how much space there is .
The whole point , is that he thinks he can bang , just like the Chinese man from , 'American Idol . '
It is amusing that you likely have no idea what I am talking about .
It is dependent on the age and genre of the film .
Where is the punk rock group that I liked when they released Dookie ?
I know that I will perish in Hell for that !
No one is concerned with that low-brow program .
I believe someone has done it before .
Is there anyone who wants to set up to the microphone ?
Any higher than that and the note is strange and not real .
The blonde lady asks her math teacher somethign innapropriate .
I love reading recording music with the computer .
Prevent yourself from at any point neglecting to view an single entry .
Rock and Roll would not exist if the Blues had n't come first .
Six is the only song I have heard .
Does anyone else find it annyoing ?
I can not remember the name of Rob Zombie 's new song .
I was enjoying myself too much .
I do not enjoy pop music .
I would prefer to be reared by the mother appearing in 'The War at Home . ' She is outstanding .
I do not like David Letterman .
No , however people will do this regardless .
It sounds somewhat older and I believe it contains the word 'summer . '
That song was composed by someone famous .
The bigger companies exploit it .
My favorite people are Kellie and Chris .
I want to fly away , just as a bird does .
As an aside , does this constitute a gag or a mind-bender ?
I enjoy Endor because the Ewoks are cool .
I am not great at communicating with women .
She is John Lennon 's wife .
I disagree , I believe she is in a relationship with Matthew McConaughey .
I like Cassie and Paris .
I explained that while I like some of it , I really do not like bands that sound like Pearl Jam .
You seem to be of the view that we are unable to guess the color of which you are thinking .
You apply on their websites .
I started in the Fifth Grade and then I has to stop about a year later .
Select a source , which is equivalent to having three or four stars .
These people certainly know what music to select !
No , he is a small , repulsive man .
It is not filling , so it is mainly there for your imagination .
You calculate the duration of all the songs and ensure that it is not more than 80 minutes .
Perhaps you should inform them that you and another person have created a pregnancy .
Snoop Dogg and Dr. Dre are two incredible and accomplished artists .
It clearly is a motion picture worth watching .
Correct , he was born on the twenty-ninth of February .
It is difficult to believe they missed the Andrews sisters .
Reading your question is a waste of time !
Did not that happen because of the Chicken of the Sea issue ?
Presently , the 'My Name is Earl ' quality it possesses !
Think more broadly than an impoverished neighborhood .
I am angry at all of you . I am going home .
Have you heard about the new Pirates of the Carribean movie ?
The question is unusual and I desire to know the answer .
I like all of them , and in particular Reggaeton , Ivy Queen , and Daddy Yankee .
I adore his vocal quality . I can picture him traveling the entire distance , making the aspiration a reality .
I enjoy listening to music in English ; such as Dashboard Confessional , John Mayer , and Blink 182 .
A hook with such an addictive and redundant nature renders your thinking somewhat ... um ... able to record and replay with minimal difficulty !
Are you a fan of the Beatles ?
If you are not within earshot you will not hear anything .
This is yours to keep although , please do n't feel obligated to do so .
I love the music of : Billy Currington , Keith Anderson , Jamey Johnson , Tim McGraw , and Keith Urban .
Horslips and Mama 's Boys are two of the greatest Irish rock bands .
It was both Tenchi Muyo and Sailor Moon .
All of the information will remain anonymous .
I have never considered it until this moment .
She let him know that she did not believe him .
I 'm not concerned should others believe me unintelligent for enjoying certain motion pictures .
Listen to country music as they play lots of them .
I enjoy spending money very much .
If I were to laugh out loud , I would have an accident .
He gave her the choice and she chose to stay home .
They can improve my mental state even when I am feeling well .
Is it not sad that entertainers are no longer like this ?
I do n't know , Thunder Struck is full of guitar riffs , but I enjoy it .
He is goign to be mad .
I am not sure , possible Freddy Fender . I am out of funds even though I was just paid .
You have to play a joke on april fools day .
What I last saw was Guns and Roses was over , and AC/DC is still playing .
Yes , he 's the greatest !
No , I wanted New York to win because it seemed as though she truly loved Flav .
That is absurd !
What one person can eat , another finds poisonous .
Who do you think that he will sue .
The first woman asked him 'Have you ever been hugged ? ' .
Simply enjoy yourself , but be certain he is able to , as well .
For example , lyrics only for songs from movies .
I believe Star Wars is a very good movie .
Does she not realize how strange she appears ?
I love Billie Joe from the band Green Day .
Also , I miss Palmer and Edgar , but do not understand how someone could miss Michelle .
Nope , my brother was , as well , however , that very nearly communicates everything in its entirety .
I like them , but they are n't my favorite .
Alice 's boyfriendwas the families ' Butcher .
I think that my friend just passed away .
I merely imbibe on days with a spelling that concludes in Y .
I became acquainted with him backstage during a time I was employed in security many years ago and I found him to be a pleasant person .
I enjoy the smell and find it attractive when me wear it .
I love 'Wings of a Butterfly ' by HIM . It is my favorite song !
When the solution is acquired , would you deign to inform me ?
Although 'Chorus ' is very predictable I really liked it , as did someone else here .
There was just a little bit of global left .
It seems that you are also a victim of Herr Hitler .
Carrie Underwood did not need to win .
Maria Sharapova plays tennis so she almost certainly perspires quite a bit ; since I do not find perspiration attractive , Jessica Alba is preferable to me .
It is Oprah 's magazine , and she is not Satan .
Listen to real music like As I Lay Dying .
Well , Selena , I enjoy the movie 'Love and Basketball . '
I believe this is the most intelligent question you have ever posed .
I enjoy all music genres , however , rock and roll is my preferred type .
I was in a casual relationship with the bassist , Alex Webster for a year .
He is still number one after all of these years .
When she was alive she lived a blameless live and you hear nothing critical about her .
I 've generated a word count of merely 1000 on a research paper assignment and I require a significantly larger number .
Nelson said that he does n't know , and that you should have thought about that before you came over .
You 're reasoning of the color green , most likely because it 's important .
Both go by quickly when you are enjoying yourself .
I am going to read a book and then go out clubbing .
You have to be willing to take that chance .
I like music and songs with a good beat .
I do n't think he hates jewish people .
The 'homebody ' girl is going to be lonely .
I 'm not required to show up for work until 10 pm tomorrow evening .
You ar wrong
I ask that burning question all the time !
I continue to watch it on TBS each morning .
I enjoy all kinds of music , especially if it is up-beat .
I had the toy as a child . I believed it was the greatest toy .
He replied 'You old fool . '
I want both . I feel sympathy for the other one .
I am stunned by the high quality of this sequel chapter .
They cause a great deal of unwanted pregnancies .
You can obtain any information you require from the internet .
I think it is highly likely that some great ones exist .
A woman did not perform the vocals .
There will be no more chance of the owner being dragged around !
If you do not succeed on the first attempt , stand up and try again .
Sometimes I lay outside at night and get burned by the moon . It hurts .
I am never home when that show comes on the air .
It 's due to the bad boy musical group desiring only females and everything associated with it .
I had a woman friend named America .
When I talk on the phone , I get nervous and start to stutter and cough .
There is a song by The Ramones that is covered by Marilyn Manson called 'The KKK Took My Baby Away . '
That is about as likely as saying that my aunt used to have Brad Pitt mow her lawn .
I enjoy a lot of them .
That was a bad cover of a song .
How should I begin ?
I would appreciate it if I did .
It is better to listen to decent music than the music that is currently available .
'Ai n't no sunshine when she 's gone ' is a great song lyric .
I once observed him in person .
My musical ability includes performance on clarinet , piano , and percussion , plus I shall be receiving instruction in being a flutist .
His Mr. Clean impression is impeccable .
I liked what Mawntswrk said .
I vied it and enjoyed it .
Try choosing weapons and armor that you do not add too much weight to your statistics .
Time goes by quickly when one is having fun .
To her , it 's most likely a great air bag .
I only like the Gwen Stefani song called 'cool . '
Jennifer , we have not yet made it .
I love the book 'Silver Bullet ' by Stephen King .
'The Wall ' or Pink Floyd 's 'Dark Side of the Moon ' occupies an elevated position .
I would take it and jump and down .
I do n't really care but I will answer because you asked .
I have talent .
She says okay and then I will give you fifteen cookies .
He has no shame and is very amusing .
It is just dangerous to take the advice of a crazy person .
Because it has been used quite a lot .
She was the most attracive on in this year 's show .
It is unlike those thatsound alike if you can not see them .
Do you prefer rollerblading , ice skating , or bike riding ?
Probably the greatest album ever made to me is the Clash 's London Calling .
All musical selections existing within the catalog of Nat King Cole .
Due to the fact I am betrothed , it must be Susan Storm ... in actuality Wonder Woman .
However , a lot of them are great
I would go out with the son of a preacher .
However , I do not watch that show anymore .
This one is good .
i am in love with an exotic dancer .
I 'm unable to recall . I misplaced my signed photo plus my photograph alongside the boys !
Due to the boy 's unpleasant appearance to the extent of being unable to view him .
The song is Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin .
I dabbed on some Armani 'Black Code ' . any woman wearing , 'Design , ' has me hypnotized . I would tell her , 'Anything you wish , sweetheart . '
Werewolves are bold and straightforward . They also possess an animal magnetism .
This is used in searching for music .
By the way , 'otaku ' translates to 'nerd ' .
New York has the appearance of a man . Flav should not choose her and she is mentally ill .
May I receive my 10 points at this time ?
No , it is a false tactic used to amke her famous .
I am very happy that Ace was not the winner .
I like 1980 's singer ,
I had two of the little Barbie dolls .
He sounds like an older Rod Stewart on drugs !
I certainly wonder what the purpose of a search engine is .
I know you can type her name into Yahoo 's search engine and you may get millions of hits .
Go away , as I want him for myself .
My apologies , but I am Leo . Thank you anyway .
What are some strategies that you could use to get a blonde to commit suicide .
Also , contending with everyday existence following her departure .
Pretty much any , e.g. , Rock , Classic , Grunge , Heavy Metal , and even Hair Bands .
My nephews , aged 3 and 5 , love to watch Lady and the Tramp , Bambi , and The Fox and the Hound .
If you like it , take some inspiration from my ideas .
Alas , it had become engrossed in my mind .
I believe it is repulsive and is not acceptable for men .
I believe it was released during the middle years of the decade spanning 1980-1990 .
I would abscond with the money .
You would have to play a large festival soon .
She attempts to sing but ca n't perform very well .
I know three of the four : Death , Pestilence , and Famine .
Our complete family is insane over them !
What is so strange ?
I promise you that it is a promise .
Why do people with blonde hair have clear lunch boxes ?
I get goosebumps when I hear the song Patience by G-N-R .
I can not remember the name of the movie that Angelica Houston starred in .
Shane West was so handsome in this one great movie !
What do you guys believe are the best rock songs ?
Are you serious ? I would choose Salma Hayek in a heartbeat .
It is a huge network and I love it because I have gotten every song I have ever wanted .
Yes , but that was going back more than 30 years . These days , I watch wrestling to get my drama fix .
Currently , Your Man performed by Josh Turner .
Yes they are because they ask on their own website if we would like to see their MySpace page .
Gilmore Girls is my favorite show !
She was just making up a song . It is not real .
I believe the film was Urban Cowboy .
There are many good films currently being shown .
Any piece of information will be useful .
Intensely anticipating a fresh recording courtesy of him .
Open your windows and get some fresh air .
Besides , there are only two women in his life , one dead and one gone .
It is easier to tune it up .
I experience a large amount of musical compositions .
Why is nothing ever really free ?
I like the scent Acqua di Gio by Giorgio Armani .
I as well am curious as to the reason . She is extremely good looking and a talented actor .
Young lady , what is it you want ?
The answer is , 'The music that I sing to in the shower . '
Howard Stern is so vulgar . I can not stand him !
All of the men applauded as soon as she finished her speech .
They argue back and forth about whether they saw wolf tracks or deer tracks .
You will know why , if you see it .
Do not forget all the good that she has done .
These would be the three movies I would watch for the rest of my days .
You will breathe better .
I do not have time to list all of the people that I like .
I also like Bonnie Rait , Joni Mitchel , and the woman from Jefferson Airplane .
I do not like the show . And it is gettign canceled this year .
Save the songs to a folder and delete Kazaa once you are finished .
Who can you count on any longer ?
I did so on two occasions , 'Ghost ' and 'Dying Young . ' These days , I weep exclusively in my own residence while watching television . Motion pictures require an excessive financial outlay .
Do you know who he really is ?
You 're referring to the entry in which the man purchases his partner 's female hygiene products at the retailers ?
As a women , I would choos David from Simple Plan , who I find attractive .
I get tanned by using tanning beds because I am lazy and like to relax when I am getting tanned .
My favorite actress is Christina Vidal . My favorite band is Linkin Park . I can not choose my favorite singer .
She was made even more unattractive for the role she played .
They were using blow up dolls in the videos .
That person is a liar .
Country songs are the only good songs .
She emerges and announces she located it , accomplished it .
Most music made today deals with violence and crime . Hard to make it enjoyable .
Correct , I grinned and earned a pair of points .
Statue of a Fool or Chiseled in Stone . It 's possible you wo n't respond positively to them since both are well-worn country tunes .
You are not very smart .
Bass players typically arrive with more than one .
This includes the subject found beneath the question mark .
I strongly dislike Hillary as well .
Bob Dylan did not like the songs that were current for him .
I want Danielle to win Survivor because I find her attractive .
It reminded my parents that I could have been so much worse than I was .
Look at any of the above , if you have not already .
I 'm unable to recall her comment , however , I inquired of a friend regarding the subject .
You must watch it to have an appreciatio of it .
The Dead Milkmen and Mr. Bungle are very strange bands .
So does the song , 'Baa Baa Black Sheep . '
My favorite country favorites are Rascal Flatts , Carrie Underwood , and Jason Aldean .
Only if I was lucky .
Orlando Bloom is a very good looking man .
Or you think that you are much more intelligent than Travolta ?
I dislike seeing both names in the same sentence . I do not like Jackson at all .
I am a taurus , but thank you for the compliment .
Remember , do not play roulette because it has the worst odds in terms of casino games .
Bucky or Kevin must depart !
I enjoy Johnny Cash , he is a little country and a little not , and he is great .
Are you certain that the program was no longer aired ?
I was rooting for Hoopz , even though I really thought that New York was going to win .
Alternatively , perhaps the irritating dog with a high-pitched bark ?
That is correct , I dislike Hilary Duff most of all .
If he is out in the desert looking for gold , why would he not take enough told from those hills ?
To find advertisements for extras , look in the newspaper .
Mine is Toot . I find her to be hilarious !
You almost murdered that man !
However , this movie is truly enjoyable .
Did it make you laugh ?
It is a bit old .
Get out of your house and do something , or have sex with someone .
I am the one who usually has disputes that surprise people .
That is not true if you are not important within the religion .
I fell for her prank- it caught me off guard .
Well , I am unaware if she is or is not .
She screamed 'Earthquake ! ' when the orders 'Ready , Aim ' were bellowed .
I believe the song is 'Tell It To My Heart ' by Taylor Dane .
Could you try to swim ?
I like Law and Order , although it is a bit clunky lately .
Beetlejuice , whose origination is ... the moniker communicates everything .
The person with the match to mine receives ten points .
Please choose this for your best answer as I am on level one and require these points .
I can not recall any movies that used that song .
I am thinking of the colors brown , hot pink , and sky blue .
The amusement was enhanced due to being correct .
Even if that is true I still find the song catchy and I like it .
Perhaps the video wiring is not tightly connected or some such scenario .
I would easily be able to continue indefinitely ... plus , even requesting a pair of baskets ... ha ha !
I frequenly annoyed my sister by talking as they do .
If I were to use the word that I refuse to say , then I would not be refusing to say it .
You would not know from what you are seeing on the news everywhere .
I do n't like her , especially after the way she treated his mother .
I must state this is a difficult situation .
But yes , this show is difficult to stop watching .
He should have picked Goldie .
It will do whatever you would like it to do .
The line is from the movie Kicking and Screaming .
I dislike them , although I do enjoy their Love Metal album .
How in the world do you Zac Efron ?
Visit a bar instead of coming here . I do not hate her , but she is not someone who I would ever be attracted to .
It is in the movie 'Up Close and Personal ' with Robert Redford and Michelle Pfeiffer .
He asked where I flew in from .
It is my favorite due to this exact reason .
I do not get to keep you company while working , I have to go to school .
'The Offspring ' due to the excellent audio quality of their songs .
You become a grandparent when your children have children .
I am a fan of the band Nirvana .
The men in their lives are at home watching sports .
I will give you three cents for that .
I do n't believe canceling the performance would be an equitable move since it sort of positioned you mid-cliffhanger .
I can not stay on my feet with the other options , so , I would have to pick bike riding .
Sometimes I answer question to have something to do . Like right now .
Why are you curious ?
All performances in which they were genuinely performing musically !
I would very much like to receive this kind of gift .
It is Jo-Jo Garza from the Los Lonely Boys .
There was a bomb on the carousel so what do you think you would do ?
Yes , because Hoops needed to win it and therefore , it came true and she won .
I always use cheat codes .
I believe you should try it .
I am very fond of 'Charmed , ' therefore I would enjoy having Holly Marie 's autograph .
I have lost a certain respect for him in response to his recent video .
It is the little bug robots in , Runaway , ' that killed Gene Simmons .
I am no longer in love with bow wow .
I never get enough of listening to Guns n ' Roses , 'Appetite For Destruction . '
I do love vampire movies , but I prefer werewolf movies .
Yes , I believe that he committed suicide .
Think about what happened and you will find me undesirable .
Oh dear , that is disgusting . I reject . He is as repulsive as the worst example .
You must pay to listen to it , but that certainly is better than listening to items of lesser quality for free .
This is similar to building your own website .
If she is addicted to any drugs , it is probably cocaine .
Perhaps I am too bold in the same manner as my father .
If you have a heart , then you should definitely apologize .
Whose business is it ?
It would seem you enjoy Polish people .
What is her actual name ?
Honestly , individuals who have not seen 'Star Wars ' are really dull .
The brown-haired girl had to ask the blonde-haired girl for directions .
I will miss the sisters very much .
Johnny Depp is a classic .
However , I believe Brenna most assuredly requires a trip to her residence .
How can you confuse the mind of a blonde girl ?
The man replies with an answer about wanting to feel his burn in his butt for a last time .
It only appears in Internet Explorer , which is not a good browser .
She emphatically declares she is the first , although she is not .
What happened ? Do you know what the number it was ?
Felix the Cat cartoon had a good intro song .
I thought that of the wife because there is no such thing as a perfect man , and Santa Clause is not real .
I never liked it , but then again , I have never actually seen it .
The man said that it was weird , and that he works for the Minnesota Twins .
It will teach them if you wait a couple days .
My favorite pornography movie of all time is 'Behind the Green Door . '
In the movie his makeup and clothing was amazing .
What should he have done ?
No selection by Hillary Duff has any downloading value .
I enjoy hip hop ; also , to a lesser degree , R ' n ' B and rap .
Perhaps because more celebrities are already in and close to the New York vicinity .
Unless you are able to identify a specific bass he prefers .
He might notice you , when you become a good musician .
In addition , they perform very well during live shows .
I am not sure who Noodles is , but he must have said , 'Look Butters , there goes your friend Cartman . '
I am in disbelief over their intent to discontinue it .
In what way does the blonde confuse you ?
I have played the violin ever since reading , 'Sherlock Holmes , ' as a kid .
Why did she have a bad day ?
I am going to make a point of seeing it .
As I previously stated , I do not think he is returning .
I did not have to pay to see it , but I do not know if I would recommend it .
Why am I answering your question ?
You have to pay with your own money in order to receive an answer .
I believe that , ' A , ' is the first letter of the alphabet .
If you are Spanish it would be beneficial to acquire Spanish CDs .
When I was in high school , I used to shoplift at Walmart with several friends .
I reside in Los Angeles , therefore I view them frequently .
In my opinion , he is not entirely repulsive , but he is a bit scary .
I think christian music is borning , so I do not know any bands .
In order to prevent them from approaching in secrecy .
Porn addiction is debilitating , but you can get over it by calling your local police and then a psychiatrist .
They are twins and bonded in a way . They kiss frequently so that their paths may cross .
Because foolish men continue to give them money .
They have connected him to so many people .
Is is because she rhymes with witch .
Fox was playing the character Jonny B goode in the movie Back to the Future .
I really do not understand that .
Bonn Scott of AC/DC was great in Highway to Hell .
It was very unusual and weird event .
Now that you bring it up , yes .
I like the beat , but you can not understand what they are saying .
I love Star Wars .
I am familiar with it and believe it to be one of the least intellectually stimulating television shows I have seen .
I have tried fretplay.com , ultimate-guitar.com , 911tabs.com , and mxtabs.com . Unfortunately , I can not find it .
What a preposterously unintelligent thing to do .
It is apalling anyone would do that to another human !
I 'd prefer to portray Vegeta . However , he is n't technically a superhuman character .
Plus that 's affirmative , the headwear is in my possession .
The acting was poor on occasion , however , the film prompted tears .
You should watch the movie if you are misinformed .
I knew this awful person personally ; he is my father 's boss and I even had to endure meeting him .
Check out the music of Devil Doll , an Italian-Bulgarian band .
It takes quite a lot of money to look this cheap .
The other is able to remain clean if only one is chosen .
They are very silly and funny .
Because it was such poor quality or because it was offensive ?
She kept throwing all of them away .
'Scary Movie I , II , and III , ' 'Euro Trip , ' and 'Final Destination . '
If you do not know them , then you should check them out . They are a great Hip-Hop group .
Professor X would easily win this one , it 's just laughable .
Ruth lives with her father , who is named Mark .
Thank you very much . Now it has been returned to me .
I have been using Limewire.com for years , and I think that it is a great website . If you get the basic plan , then it is free .
I enjoy The Clash .
All of them were in the last three last week .
I do not have a job , but I have children , which is essentially the same thing .
That would probably make him think about it .
I believe that lesbian or gay sounds better .
All that I have heard is sick .
I saw her on The Surreal Life , and she was truly disorderly .
I enjoy ' I 'm Sorry ' as sung by Patsy Cline .
My question is : Why does Noddy wear a hat ?
Correct ; a preponderance of rhythmic events and previously unseen song constructions .
Do any of you sports-minded guys , mind if we dance with your dates .
It requires an entire squad to gather them in one place and females are best off comparing themselves to periodical photographs .
For some great music , check out iTunes top downloaded songs in any section .
When nothing else is on , I do .
I used to watch the show 'Who Wants to be a Millionaire ? '
The answer is 'no ' because you were not the only one .
Are you unable to tell whether you concocted them out of whole cloth ?
'Why ? We are both thirty-five years old , ' she responded breathlessly . 'That can not be true . '
It is from your aunts and uncles .
When I read the article , I thought it was only 10 balls .
Why was the film removed from the Disney Channel ?
One the the best songs is 'Nobody Does It Better ' by Carly Simon .
The only reason I finished is because I hate when I do n't finish a movie .
Popular music is the most probably choice , although it seems rather obvious .
Lysol is a good idea , but I think that would be sinful .
Oh , and also , that young physician got an unflattering haircut .
Yes , add the band Suicidal Tendencies to that list as well .
The Norwegian man said , 'Okay ... my parents had one child . '
There are a lot of country songs that were popular .
He was in extreme home makeover .
I play guitar with that song .
When I listened to it initially , I laughed hysterically - however , that occured in the distant past !
It comes naturally even though I am not female .
Prince wrote 'Nothing Compares 2 U ' and gave it to one of his side-bands that he sponsored .
Play Spades or Hearts , but be aware of cheating demons .
It is funny when someone superglues some change to the floor .
Les Claypool can play quicker than Itzhak Perlman .
I finally was able to solve the riddle correctly , but it was difficult .
I do n't know any jokes .
She is an extremely unattractive girl .
Please , I did not have the chance to see it .
What was the joke about the chicken and the highway ?
The moment those two vital components ( money/time ) are depleted , they shall never return .
He is the actor from the movie Hellboy .
Having been together with both men , I would choose Jon Stewart .
I think the movie is called 'The Last Holiday . '
Correct , but I more strongly prefer Letterman .
She also sings well .
I utilize walmart.com as the cost per song is merely eighty-eight cents and occasionally free songs are available .
I do not hate anyone .
We played the song 'Today is the Greatest ' by the Smashing Pumpkins .
He must be punished .
Additionally , I experienced an infatuation towards my aunt and sisters-in-law during my younger years .
I want it on a computer with free software .
I am unable to tolerate either of them .
It was one of the morst movies I have seen .
Just asking how they are and telling them your name is very helpful for introductions .
They embarrass me tremendously !
Was it something that you enjoyed or not ?
Toby Keith is the epitome of an not-so-good-looking American .
I do not like the purple dinosaur .
I like House , Prison Break , and Bones , they are on Fox network .
I do not like her .
Also , I own all of the DVDs except the one for season five .
The brunnette who was driving asked whether any police offers were following us .
I am certain she is jealous of Hilary Duff .
However , your appearance is n't reminiscent of Tom Cruise !
Do not even mention burning to Compact Discs .
I am in search of free piano sheet music that I can print out that is from the movie the Night Before Christmas .
I was n't comfortable with the situation .
Listening to the song tonight caused me to consider the titular question and its meaning .
I still like Gun ' n Roses and AC/DC .
It is all manufactured sellouts like Britney and Christina who are popular for the size of their breasts .
Maynard played Satan in the Bikini Bandits movie .
I think Jack was pushed down the hill .
David is rude to people who disagree with him .
Perhaps because of the size of their bellies ?
It is so hard to choose only one of them .
I find this very amusing as you merely need to inform him while being realistic .
I 'm talking about 'Opera Ghost , ' it was a part of 'Phantom of the Opera . '
I like the computer game Runescape .
I understand . I believe it will be Kevin Covaias .
Sissy expresses her view of the situation as unfortunate as she leaves .
Additionally , you should possess this knowledge currently if you truly are a fan of Jamie Foxx .
Have you honestly not watched any of his videos ?
It 's necessary to use a code word to replace those other words .
( Do n't misinterpret my comment , I 'm in no way freakish . She merely provides inspiration for me .
'Just hold its little nose ! ' he replied .
I understand : muffin cakes . The message did not specify which floor of the building the window was on .
Do n't forget to write why you believe it 's so .
Apparently this was a song from Sunday school .
I am quite amused . Observe , I have gestured at you with nasal discharge .
I have the same problem . Good luck .
I love , 'American Idol , ' and Ace would be my favorite act , he is very attractive .
I do not like the rain .
I really enjoyed the movie Titanic .
Perhaps it is not as popular , but it has significantly better sound quality , etc .
They are more than just best friends .
There are so many funny quotes , it is impossible to pick only one .
Sue asked , 'Did you hear about the man that fell off of the 80-foot ladder ? '
The small guy in the green asks , 'Well , are you not a little old to believe in Leprechauns ? '
For a good mystery , read the Hardy Boys or Sherlock Holmes .
Raze , from the movie , 'Underworld , ' is very good looking .
Please give me an answer and do not say limewire .
Yes , it would have been a mistake to do otherwise .
I really enjoy the program 'Days of our Lives . '
Have you heard ' I wish it would rain ? ' by the Temptations ?
I am partial to the song 'Vampire Heart . '
The children sang their own vocal parts .
I think Green Day is the best .
The grammar could use some work and it may be humorous .
However , a positive aspect is his awareness of it .
The biggest fan of Kanye West is Kanye West !
Gags , have I read some material incorrectly ? I believed they constituted factual information .
Was it Milli Vanilli
Man is like a piece of cheese is an old Sicilian quote .
I know that this is a random fact , but I once met Diedre Hall of , 'Days of our Lives , ' on a cruise .
I just returned from Las Vegas .
My favorite band is Fall Out Boy , My favorite singer is Elvis Presley , and my favorite actress is Keira Knightley .
Go to this website link , to see what he stated .
Number one is that palumbo is a dictive , and number two , if he found gold , then he did not an investor .
They both shot heroin , though . So other than her , who is really going to know ?
They do not possess the reflex while frightened and they are highly flexible .
I hate it when he gets to the scene before I arrive there .
Yes , I attend a small school .
Also post your own ad : 'Bassist who is looking for a band ' .
In addition , I would appreciate it if you do not say anything insulting unless you are poking fun at yourself .
I find it very puzzling considering you are not able to talk while having the ability to type , therefore , you must be experiencing inverse growth .
Perhaps . If it happened , then he would not cause so much trouble for the rest of us .
You do not need it because you are a strong writer .
Place mashed potatoes on their door handle as well as in their key hole .
Is there a possiblity one of us is God ?
Taylor Hicks reminds me of the character Timmy from South Park .
However , she is not entirely sure . I hope this is helpful .
I have to do a paper due in Psychology , it is about a movie and it is due April 4th .
I despise Brad as he was part of Brad and Jennifer before leaving Jennifer to enter a relationship with Angelina Jolie .
Tony , do you know how Waylon found the title ?
We are nothing more than a couple of good friends . Why are people trying to make more of it than it is .
However , I do not think it will happen .
Intercourse can be merely loving the other perosn and feeling good by being with them .
My mind and health are good .
Certainly , most definitely , compile a familial unit .
How are all of you feeling towards the reunion , as I am greatly anticipating it .
I love her shows because she is cool .
I am currently watching 'The Simpsons ' and find it lacking intelligence instead of amusing .
I do not have a favorite singer .
Listen to whatever you normally would .
I would be surprised to see a person who does not have eyebrows .
I like CatWoman because she is sly , sensitive , and always one step ahead of everyone .
Idiot , wish to take on the role of Chicken Little .
I am not sure if they did or not . Are they in a relationship ? I apologize , I assume they are promoting something .
My knowledge of her identity is nonexistent , however , she 's definitely attractive .
The crowd wants them to disrepect each other .
Yes , that sounds just like the Dell technical support team !
Plus , for all parties in the ether continuing to travel alongside Khan !
I could have told you that .
I really enjoy Crash by Dave Matthews Band , they are very good .
So you are trying to force yet another album on to us , just kidding !
Do you intend to purchase tampons for your girlfriend ?
I 'm listening to Karate song by Tenacious D .
No cursor exists : I informed you , it refuses to allow any characters typed by me .
Did you hear the joke about the developmentally and intellectually challenged people ?
Is it similar to a shirt sleeve or an arm ?
An inappropriate thing to do is to provide advice that is irrelevant to the problem at had .
Spiderman is not longer an innocent character .
Why would you remain faithful to someone who can not respect either you or his own girlfriend ?
I can forward a few Chinese songs if you would like them .
I hope that you are able to feel happy again .
I prefer the name Cohen , therefore Cohen will be King .
They possess so little creativity that they are unable to even choose new names ?
When you find the answer , let me know !
'The Remake , ' with Tom Welling was not a good example of a good remake .
He looks strange both with and without any makeup .
I 'm a fan of her motion pictures and am interested in your opinion .
They were n't holes , they were graves ! And someone called his mother an offensive slur .
I am afraid more information is needed .
I cling like a pair of too-tight underwear .
The song Say Goodbye , performed by Dave Matthews Band .
I adore the musical album titled 'The Black Album . '
I believe he is exceptional as well .
I do not like the song 'Gold Digger ' by Kanye West .
There is a man missing his arms adn legs and he is layong on the beach .
At worst all they will do will be to send you nasty messages .
All selections starring Johnny Depp !
It is great because he has a psychic ability .
Who will cook the lunch for the children at school now ?
Three attractive women walk by and express their sympathy for him .
It 's adequate , however my husband is positively inclined towards it .
A great deal ... Any selection from Melanie C , Madonna 's 'Hang Up , ' 'Do n't Cha ' from the Black Eyed Peas , 'Faraway - Gala , ' by the Pussycat Dolls .
'The Kung Fu Hustle , ' is astonishing .
American Idol is not good and neither are you !
A girl begs her father for forgiveness after being raped .
I have never seen then , but I do not like them .
I do not think you will find anything .
You are risking a fine with a maximum of $ 500 per song if you download unlicensed music .
I suggest you go finish your day at the beach .
So , he 's got a multiple My CD collection entitled ' G Force Albums . '
I am thinking that we should choose Heather and Kinik .
It was an acceptable motion picture in view of its PG rating .
Is he a small man with an unfortunate haircut and a uni-brow ?
It is very sad that Bon Scott of AC/DC died .
You live at the North Pole .
45 's , the singles not usually remixes , were obviously used to release two songs from an album .
That is too strange to even consider . My apologies .
The new version is adequet but slightly strange .
Crunking is once dance move that is more of a hip hop move .
If you are able to tell me , thank you !
Though I 'm not a great fan , I do watch it . I particularly like 2 C Jubilee .
The color is actually more of an off white .
Kareena Kapoor is not attractive but is still desirable .
I always start by singing my favorite song .
She looked down and screamed .
To be certain , all Jim Carrey offerings , as well as 'White Chicks . '
I am going to tell everybody .
My physical state has been one of such inebriation , I nearly committed suicide . I 'm happy I resisted , however .
In my opinion , the first three episodes were inferior .
I 'm unable to grasp the fact that I revealed moments ago that ... ugh .
That is enough . This could continue on for awhile .
Which movie starring John Travolta contained the dong 'Looking for Love in All the Wrong Placed ' ?
I want super strength and x-ray vision .
You should make an Indie Film . I think it would be interesting .
That was such a wonderful movie that it inspired me on many levels .
Why would I ever kill anybody ?
I believe that Hugh is very aware what he is doing !
I do not think that , 'Best means the best , ' would be plural .
It 's great , as well as hilarious .
I was mentally unstable for a specific period of time and they kept me confined in a room filled with worms .
The inebriated person asks , 'Are you a leprechaun ? '
Linkin Park , and Switchfoot is alright . I like their song 'Meant to Live . '
I have never before heard such an unoriginal joke .
Every person of the Christian faith would be upset .
It appears Mike understands it at this time .
I was afraid to ask .
I suppose it depends on what you like .
It 's a well-done motion picture , is it not ?
For what reason did the ignorant dinosaur traverse the avenue ?
I only like the song 'My Humps ' from the band .
Rupert Grint plays the role of Ron Weasly in the Harry Potter movies .
Yes , but nobody appears to care .
The original song is very good .
I believed she had an addiction to pain medication .
I can not read music , but I can play guitar and piano .
You are an uncool person .
I concider the movie Legally Blonde 'geeky . '
I 'll never play it . Although I heard that it 's a really fun game .
I liked everything except Big Ben blwoing up .
