I mean you have to be her friend .
What kind of question is that ?
Men play to love in order to have sex , women pretend to get love to get love .
I do n't mean to be mean .
45 % of 45 % and then after you know the person , 15 %
Because some women send subtle messages to guys instead of being clear .
let 's buy coffee and talk to them !
And I hate it when my dad is not happy .
Ask him if you should go see a doctor
( you can post more lingerie on yahoo answers )
He probably has lots of things to worry about right now than you .
But I do n't think he will cheat or leave you because of not sex .
Will I always feel that way ?
But he may like all the waiting , dreaming and flirting .
And I 'd like to try again .
Some men it just depends on the woman .
Well ... if you really like this guy then smile and talk nice to him .
I 'm not sure if he loves you but he likes you .
I would invite you on a date but I live in oregon and I do n't know where you live
Women like that - coomplicated women
I know I 'm overly selective when it comes to people , how can I stop this ?
It does that does sound no girly .
Sometimes if the good that it is worth it .
that 's if both of you agree to do this .
One girl , Michelle , who probably would n't being mentioned , said she did n't believe in it .
Well why do you like the one boy who picks on you ?
Also , men sometimes think they do n't need you that bad until your gone .
So if a guy asks you to do n't be scared of saying no .
Do I want to be in love ?
That 's the name I applied to it ... why ?
They will think you are leering if you look at them creepily
I think you are right ... confusing .
How do I get my boyfriend to show me that he loves me .
That is if you really love them .
Do n't sell yourself , even if he 's rich .
You sound live a really lovely person do n't let these women make you feel bad .
I do n't know I know that website
You should see what a lot of little girls are out there .
Without a relationship that might be a little skanky .
Just wondering if I wanted to go with him .
Say it , but only if you mean it , and hold her hands and look into her eyes .
You should never let a guy hipnotise you .
Absolutly not , he 's too fat , and I 'm undesirably frail
And if he says yes then you can tell him .
What was the mistake that you took part in ?
King has a song about this - 'Only Your mother Loves You .
What if our partner treats us like crap after we fall in love ?
What was it like if you have had it ?
It 's not a turn off if she drinks too much .
If that 's what you want then you want .
Its like getting rid of a drug habit
Wow , I should do that the next time I 'm dating .
What 's your desire , but ?
It sounds like you both are comfortable with how things are now .
Do n't let her rock your life for she will just have to learn to deal with it .
If he does n't go out with you , do n't worry , there are plenty of fish in the sea .
No guy gave you everything you want .
If you want to stay married you need to find yourself .
Start with a simple question and go on .
Ask them if you could go with her .
Trust him and do n't bring the matter up again .
I 'm still trying to work up my nerves to try that out .
Find the one who loves you too .
I 'll be your man , you come to me town .
Just stay far away from this guy .
It 's your choice do n't hate one I hate them all !
I 'd say about 3 or 4 .
I do n't know would you like to have a thing machine in your butt ?
He is a big girl and he is telling that to some girl .
I knew all my ex 's not untill I met my wife .
Do n't try to have both of them at once , whatever you do .
Sex is not the only thing in life !
I have a yahoo e-mail address and that is enough for me .
For me , fun includes eating meals .
But he was a little busy afterwards .
That will just be sex on .
Do n't go up to her and tell her that you look so hot .
It sounds like you 're going through a lot of things right now .
But ask a girl to ask a girl out .
I always felt the same way , but my opinion changed when I met my true love !
Who knows what they mean by the way they are ?
Your best friend is a good one to marry in nobody else works out .
I do n't want to approach suddenly and ask , 'Will you go out with me ?
Unless you know him pretty good , you 're stinking yourself out there to get hurt .
Just replace it , just add it back in the same way you did the first time .
If it 's not good or bad you do n't know what I mean .
They annoy you all over the day .
Go to gap.com or pay someone
His or her stupid way way , good looks , and how active they carry major things in attraction
I just ca n't stop caring about him and forget about him like he thinks nothing to me .
Is it like a clear liquid that turns yellow when it dries ?
If she sits on your best friend 's lap when drunk , it 's a turn off .
Well if it was before his relationship with you then obviously he was n't cheating at all .
He just had a control personality .
Like one of the gifts we can give ourselves .
Get married only after you 've been with this guy for 2 years .
Hi and hugs to all my man at least Cone !
When you are in her mind .
I have no idea what your trying to say .
A guy asked me if I would mind cuddling with him .
Why would some guys do that ?
A few good women are left , you just have to look in the right places .
Either move on or work it out with your partner .
Get a hold of yourself , how could you love a person you do n't even talk to ?
Find a talented girl who is pretty .
That does n't mean you are a M .
It 's the only time in your life , you can live love !
You have to find an answer yourself .
Give them two months and they 'll get over you
After some time , you wo n't see the color .
He probably wants to know if you like him .
If she does n't like you anymore .
You 're definitely not a hoe , so do n't worry .
No way it 's just for cutting a person to love you .
Dump his ass and keep your open options .
Have you had a pap called a pap ?
I just say yes and say yes and I have long black hair .
I have a friend in a similar situation .
I do n't know , maybe your young .
Hi , my name is going to be anonymous , but I 've been working together for years .
I do n't know ... would some one please give me the answer
If you honestly love him then you will tell him .
If you really like her go with your heart .
Think about if you really can really afford it and if you want to .
Get your old life and stay alive .
Dude what are you saying is she ?
do n't start flirting with that , that 's not a good thing .
Maybe some women would say that it hurts a lot .
Tell her what you really want to said , but I do n't mean it .
It would be easier to do if I were mad .
If they have , move on if they have .
So you do n't get to watch TV for a month so you are being spanked .
Tell him and it would n't seem wierd because you have to know one another for a while .
But that 's her way ... you could try it or keep watching !
It seems so complicated ... explain what again in simple terms ...
Give them a chance to discover all your talents .
Unless it is with the wrong guy .
My boyfriend loves me so much and does n't want to lose me .
If they are brunette or not is what matters
After a while it has to be played out .
Everyone , even if they do n't admit it , likes to be told they are sexy .
I like to go dancing at clubs in downtown EST .
Good luck and remember to do your homework !
I prefer it more than a full face of makeup
If you like the guy , try it .
But we are only divorced now .
Someone says women do n't have feelings ?
Actions then words are better then words
I 've been contemplating a mid-level pink hue , but what should it be with ?
Watch for if he watches an electronic mail or even cares
Be sure to never ignore her , listen to her and do n't change .
He is my only source of income till I masturbated .
She will tell you if it is n't okay .
I do n't think I mind either way .
Do n't eat in the same place you poop
Trying to get some blonde highlights too .
do n't worry about him , concentrate on your classes and you boyfriend .
Option B : Appearance certainly matters otherwise who claims otherwise most likely cheating .
I do n't think I should have done that .
Fore play is important and should last at the bare mininum , 5 minutes .
What can I give to my text on his birthday ?
Just be yourself , do n't be a doormat .
Good luck on your new adventure ... Hope everything goes well !
If they do n't , then you will have to continue with your life .
First kiss , but you should be best friend .
The most beautiful life in a family .
Most of all , be true , be true !
I know 3 guys I can do that with .
You ca n't hide your parents . you ca n't hide .
Doctor : Doctor : I love and adore women !
It 's ok to jump on him if he is flirting with her .
Be stick with the boys who are 13 or 14 .
Tell him ath you just want to be friends are disappointed if he does n't have a leg .
It 's good , like getting your dad blessing .
Unless your desperate wait to ask him out .
I really like this guy , not sure if its love or just an infatuation .
If he says yes then it says sex is his only goal .
I 've found if I work a candle and can see a reality that I know no one anywhere .
Have some fun with you , that 's why I answered this ridiculous question .
Do you feel in that way ?
Give your brother money and tell him that he should to leave .
Maybe he 'll call you a little .
Something you can make your life with out him or her .
If you really want to keep company with that much , then you have to make it your top priority .
No , because I pick the domestic goddess
Do you love her a lot ?
Guys get bored before women do .
( you can save money with respect to flowers )
I want to the you . s. a what things would I need
If your not happy then you need to fix it or get out of it .
Just because he has to be a good boyfriend , does n't mean he will be .
Looks like she is ugly in my opinion , blue looks better .
You can do a citizen arrest .
Having a big penis does n't mean you are good in bed
Yeah it looks pretty beautiful on almost any woman .
Guys have secrets with secrets .
Yes it depends on the guy .
So people had questioned me , why was I rushing ?
Both of them do n't respect your feelings .
Even though I see him each week in PSR I ca n't find the courage to talk to him
I do n't find a guy that looks like that a lot .
I like guys that shave their legs .
Is it gay or is it just curiosity ?
I personally think they do .
Its a wrong decision that ca n't be undo !
I lost my virginity in a park when I was 16 .
They never met in person but she says they are in love .
Ask him if he wants to dance with you .
Live life to the fullest and trust .
I do n't know if you fell down but I want to have sex .
He knows you like him , so just ask him out .
But if your scared and tell him .
I would n't drive for 5 hours just to hang out with someone unless I really liked her a lot .
her friend talk to her on the phone ?
You should play sports with your guy friends .
iniitially , based in love , and happy , just joyful ruminating ruminating
I ca n't picture my life without my husband .
We seem to push away the ones we love .
If you both are older go for it .
Tell her , girls like hearing the truth ... good luck
When you want to spend the rest of your life with someone you always argue .
And I used to be a huge softy .
Personally I personally perfer A and B 2 .
Any woman looks hot when standing beside a ugly guy .
I would date someone 10 years younger who wants to date an older woman ?
It has happen to me and now I 'm dating said person .
Just be honest about her feelings .
Show her your naked pics .
Why do gay guys have to go to marriage ?
In the hood of my car in the light of my car ...
Why should guys grow up if women want men to act like that ?
Do this a few times to get comfortable .
I have sex is like a fantasy .
Right now , I think he 's mad , upset me and not be with you .
If anyone knows the answer please let me know .
Red stands for love black stands for death and so on .
I feel with a skinny one because I feel with a skinny girl .
If not , ask someone who has the answer .
His trying to make it up to you will be fun .
The one that pick on you always likes you
Ok , I 've been liking this girl since I was in the roof .
Did you see her looking at you ?
I never knew that life could be so great .
Ok , I 'm really , I 'm really , I do n't know , do n't get him in return .
What is best for the both of you ?
At least she did n't give you a fake number .
Therefore , you aint a Slut .
But let them get married if they ca n't control themselves .
She calls him a lot .
Why bother if you are already doing it ?
Lots of times you have loved a guy , but not sure if he loved you back .
Should I dump him because of his mom ?
Make a nice movie , and if there is no question , she 's not interested .
I have friends that get married after 6 months of dating .
Be yourself ... ask after their life and you will get a response
Show her your skills to her .
Then you are just looking for silly .
That 's a culture that has things right .
If you do n't ask the question , then you will always wonder .
Tell me your opinion but thanks
I would n't worry about it a lot .
what 's the worst thing that could happen ?
I do n't know what to do , I 'm confused and do n't know what to do .
Find someone who does n't hate you .
But do n't be a jerk either .
That 's not true , most girls are just discreet .
So some guys do n't go back to dance .
This is one of those stupid generation !
You got one kid and are you married ?
It depends if you trust him .
Unattractive , fat dudes just accept what they get .
People just want to be friends and wives for reasons .
If all you do is argue , its not worth it .
( Have a good time in jail asking your cell mate )
Do you mean if I like you ?
And what was the reason that you kiss ?
Females about sex with other girls , myself included !
20 is fine and she does n't have to be younger than you
The concept is simple ... go for them ... love ...
When that happens it is easier to make .
Phrases to initiate a romance are genuine and compliment her a lot ... women like that .
He cheated but I think I can lift or carry my husband .
Try the best out of a bad situation .
Are you looking for a friendship ?
I think he would make a great valentine .
This is hard because of all temptations !
Does it take a year to feel comfortable or bored in a relationship ?
It will all depend on your ready .
Of course I would love to meet women .
Just the way it is .
Its ok to be friends with someone online but there should be limits .
Can you imagine starting a family with him ?
If he says no , then he is not worth it anyway .
To tell the truth , you will learn but you have to experience things .
Hopefully you married your husband because you love him .
Well , the dependence camp is in the woman 's camp ... what is it she likes ?
I know I have someone who will be waiting when I come home .
Get away from it all , go like a massage .
I do n't know where to start .
Depends are you a good slutty person ?
Are you talking about your avatar ?
Try hanging out all day long together and then you can top it off by giving him a foot massage .
If a guy cares about you , he will call .
If you always act like it is now she might be in a state of desperation .
There is a lot of big difference between 'having and 'making love .
First , I have 4 kids , so I know being a homemaker is more work than my real job
You do n't need to stay together even if you have a kid .
Are you a young girl from a mind environment or from style ?
Get married and have kids can be postponed , but your studies ca n't be .
I have never been to it .
Do you want to be with the same guy ?
How often can you have sex with pamela Anderson ?
Just make sure that getting your point across does n't mean in her hating you .
This just hits too close to home for me my mom also has cancer
I love to run my fingers through curly hair .
And the both of you collectively .
If you wait , the right woman will come along .
I want my wife to grow up too .
He is shy , maybe you should make a move .
The doc was surprised too .
If you have fun with them , then she 'll probably have rough sex with you .
Where do you live I could come over and you could practice on me !
Maybe you think it is a no , but yes .
No offense but maybe because your name is : 'freakgirl .
Men do not only little boys .
Maybe ask if they 'd like to go sometime sometime soon .
And it had to me twice .
You should n't go out with a guy because you feel the orgasm .
If you really want to be with him then you would n't be asking .
And I just pray that it never dies !
Most women are waiting for a guy to tell her his true feelings .
Because women are more horny during sex .
Continuously try to impress her .
And kiss me and kiss me with the forehead .
I 'm not that type of person but I know plenty of people like that .
She is concerned only about herself ... no that should not last outing .
Ok , it depends on how deeply you are starting to experience for this boy !
In advance , thanks for the pep .
Why do they want to be married ?
We like to be approached softly with some slight chasing .
Anyway , I married my husband and wonder if you know the reason to love .
I want a trip to an amusement park or something .
I like a person and I need to know if I 'm in love .
Do you like fake nails or manicured nails ?
First , plan on what you want and do n't worry about what everyone else wants .
Now we do all these things together I do n't know what to do .
I do n't know what you mean .
I asked him if he still liked me and he said he does n't act that way .
I like the perfume that you wear
Practice a little bit of candies it with your tongue , women love it
I think most men do n't care , but it depends on the person .
It has nothing to do with being vulnerable , young or submissinve .
Do n't get married so early in the relationship .
You are not a good person to cheat on your wife .
Be the best version of your self and if he 's going to talk to you
You do n't want to be with anyone but that person .
He 's getting married , stop looking .
Did you mean her like daily check-ins with you ?
When I was asked out by my neighbor .
Like some finger boys like teen girls for sex .
He played a good game of basketball .
Do n't sweat it , do n't worry .
Are you sum1 who likes to quit and fighting ?
And if he feels like he does n't like to be with her , then he probably would 've killed you with you .
The main issue is not you do n't try to beg at the person that cheated you .
One guy willing to 21 hours and 14 miles just to be with me .
Have you seen a doctor yet ?
Maybe she 's not a sykic , but the thin woman definately was .
do n't waste your time for life .
It 's like , over-indulging in chocolate , and complaining , you got weight .
I went there and he was there .
If he 's single , go for it .
If you do n't pick guys like this , they usually become the sort of wives .
Are you or your not attracted to him ?
If you are sure , tell your parents is you not already done .
a lot of people will probably dump you !
Do you think he likes you ?
Some guys only say that if they mean it .
He likes you and he likes you .
I think everyone should keep their own name
Friends are forever because guys come and go .
Try to imagine that it was love .
I think you should be ready even if your relationship is the 4 seasons !
Okay , now , here are guys like that kind of thing , not as much .
If you want children , then be a homemaker .
Younger men and older women ... good idea or not ?
He just wants to move on .
First you got ta stay out with your husband , he 's the one the swore vows to .
If not , then there is no point to 'love ' .
And your self-image is a very important
I say those things and I 'm a girl .
Trust me , girls can be just as perverted .
Flowers are nice , even if they do n't last long .
There are movies that I have n't seen .
She is a sweet girl , just the person you 're looking for !
Try to use your brain and not your manhood maybe she does n't love you .
No not at all , but that does sound like a lady name
I would n't take the trouble to call him back .
No woman I like in the list of my list , so I choose my neighbors .
Marraige and about trust in communication
Do n't listen to anyone else 's advice .
What should I do to make her work ?
Give them a rose and express your love .
I think it is weird but it is nothing bad .
You just have to see what 's right for you .
They are woman enough but not as sophisticated as us
Yes , especially when she got sick .
Because you know ... try to look for your love ... but be careful !
I ca n't help any more info ...
Kissing is something you ca n't do wrong or right .
Take time to decide : )
Enjoying but your a guy friends is ok
Just talking about those things you like and give the same in a kinda clothes with one tongue .
My boyfriend was definately my friend first ... that makes it all about it .
I would say , more of a trust thing .
I need some one to help me in figuring this out !
If he still does n't like you , then move on .
He probably is n't interested either .
Try to make it your self always
Can you do anything else than work and fix things ?
I told her I really loved her .
It seems that all guy senior think that freshmen girls are a whore , and that shit sucks .
So how do I just kiss him ?
Look in the deleted stuff it should be there .
Hope you find a nice girl to date .
I do n't think that 's good , you 're not there for that .
It 's a very long list !
I would say Brokeback Mountain ... you 'll be happy even if it 's a guy .
If you do n't base your relationship on sex , then it 's ok .
I 'll say tell her soon because she is my best friend any tips would be appreciated .
) , and then its a selfessteem of misfortune to see the betrothed ceremony .
So keep strong and good luck !
Um , modest , modest , get-together for relatives
If you are lying about it , then do n't do it .
Now I am married right now .
I think its all about age and upbringing .
Once you have kids , you need to decide on a last name .
Your child will not find it enough growing up without a dad .
At least guys look like kids to me .
Give it a chance , if you end up breaking up with that person , it will be harder to be friends with them .
Ask what the score of the last game was
If you are dating the guy you love to get rid of your ex .
The best and easiest way is to fly or drive to vegas and get married .
Let me get to know you more .
And I soppose a size C or D. HEad bigger is a waste
Deceive and pretend and make some more money
They have n't done the used and the pleasure is nice !
My wife does n't like to wear those bands .
We do n't know what you look like .
Because opposites attract and find a partner for life !
I think this is better than my personal life .
Do n't go anywhere with you new date that you went with your ex .
Talk to your best friend and see if it 's ok .
Sounds weird , but it worked for me like 3 to 5 days .
When he teases you about the little things , I do n't like it .
No because I am not married yet .
A ton of guys like ky girls , its just black
I like to tell women poems ... anyone written one for their man ?
I have said my love to her and she was about getting my relationship over with me .
If you admire him , do n't care , stay with him .
Do they make you nice when you are with him ?
I like those ppl since I 'm a guy and I do n't ask him out .
If you feel strongly about it , do n't get married .
It really depends if a person is really vein .
Move on and start with someone who does n't hate you .
Get with her and sooner or later one of you will ask the other out .
I asked him if he was blowing me off .
Maybe some nasty young guys like the younger girls girls .
Just make sure it 's your decision .
Tell him you want to keep it casual .
Is he not treating you good ? be happy
Its a hard one with lots of problems .
They have been pretty good years not always the easiest .
We have seen each other everyday for like 5 to 5 years .
Imagine if I 'm the guy you want and date me .
It never prooves to flirt a little !
Stick with what you feel inside
Good luck Sweety , Tina , Houston , Texas
Is it bad if I have n't kissed the girl I 've been with for 8 months ?
It is the woman choice
I think they look better than many nations nations
It 'd be ok the day after ...
See if she 's get into dinner and a movie .
Some guys do n't think of their partner when they just get to it .
you should ask the question in english I ca n't figure that
I 'm sorry but I 've never felt that way .
Remember no bird has ever tried to fly with one wing .
I always think about this one .
You 'll never find a boyfriend if you are despondent
I met agirl recently , and I want to know if she likes me .
Do n't just sit around and wait for the phone to ring .
Just keep your mouth shut and be whatever you want .
twenty-two-year-old , some girls are in relationships with twenty-seven-year-old men , so the twenty-two-year-old men feel insecure and search for younger women
If he comes to his nose great , great , move on .
He may love you but he might want to disappoint his dad .
You will just humiliate yourself if you apologize to him without a mistake do n't get weak !
You should take action before it is too late
This woman does n't want a man who deceives her .
I 'd like to watch the says black woman about this .
Please help me win this debate against her !
But without exception exception ( not all guys are like that ) to yourself , more or less .
When will pepole start to know this ?
I do n't know what to do .
Go to a bar and drink till your drunk .
I used to like my boyfriend .
If you have to ask , then that is negative .
do n't sit there and wait until he finds that you are a good one .
Even though I 'm getting divorced , I 'm still stuck with this .
You will be ok ... enjoy yourself
Your girlfriend will only think you are a jerk .
You ca n't work with her parents but you can fix the relationship with her friends ... why do you ask ?
Personally , I would n't be married any woman to lose her last name , but that 's just me .
Maybe you should try to get a girl to get a peice of a. s. s .
I went out with my ex for 3 years and then cheated .
You will know in time and see what happens for 6 months
Well , the one I liked goes something like this .
Not all guys break up with their woman .
Going there is great , and there are plenty of things to do .
Is it ok to kiss on the first date ?
I have a girl friend that I am close with .
They lust for each other .
When he does , explain to him that you want to be with him and it was a mistake to break-up
My friend tells me that I am to nice and that I should tell him no .
But because there is always an exception , is n't there ?
Not all men , but some men do .
You still ca n't make your last name .
Go up to her and say hi and ask her if she is single .
I did that really freaked me but I ran away .
Girls who are fat , can still be sexy .
Not everyone in there is going to go up to educational courses .
Practice Starburst and tying cherry
If you keep on talking to him for another week he 's going to think he is married to you .
I 'll pay if I get your vote for best answer
Look for somewhere in public , where you feel most comfortable .
Flirt with him and see how he reacts .
And it calms the pressure I 'm to invite some one
Say you will go out with me
She does n't forget my mistakes .
How should I approach her without thinking I 'm just a guy with bad intentions ?
I 'm a guy and I might have some insight
Do n't worry you are only 13 .
Always go trail riding with company
If you both love each other then you will work things out .
Eye contact is the key ...
I can lift him on my hands .
He just has to get over it and move on again
I was with my ex boyfriend in the 2nd grade and then again in the 8th grade .
Why do you want to ask her out ?
Well I hope you find out so much !
Try playing - 'Truth or Dare ' together
Wait until you find out and go from there .
that 's stupid because you need a theory for that .
Just quit if you eat something like that .
I keep thinking about sex with her .
The only way you will know is if you confront him and ask him straight out .
Jamie is going to ask rubi out .
The relationship is still happening because they both have the guts to break up .
It is interesting for them to learn about that .
He dribbles ... he shoots ... he scores ... 2 points ...
Do guys really like bigger women ?
He loves you too but only time can tell .
If a guy really respects you he will understand you .
We have started our own sins .
His answer works for me : )
You can still love him but you need to move on .
A woman who is smart is a turn on .
I think its wrong that they ca n't go out with her .
My sister closes her eyes when she kisses a little
I met my last boyfriend while driving in a roundabout .
But he is getting married this month .
Should I just let go and move on ?
Are you coming out all the time ?
It sounds like you two are already married .
First of all why did n't you end up marrying him ?
Give him space and he may call .
You should tell more people .
Just go one step at a time think of how he lost a thing .
Say hi Harold , when we are going to dinner together ?
If you have to ask , NO !
You need to go to school , you can still come home or call you friends and family .
I wish I never had sex again .
Just let him come to you , if you make it go for it , you 'll seem upsessed with him .
Some people do n't do that because of their religion .
You should be very happy with yourself .
One does what feels comfortable to them so no I feel its a choice
Just think about that ... and it needs to help if he is in mind or not .
I did n't mean to ask Do you think women are sexy and beautiful ?
Ask if they are going to become violent
Sounds like you like selling yourself too much .
See if the guy you like is willing to go out of his way for you .
But not as you both just ca n't fit in the way .
If they do n't know anythign about you how would they know ?
What does other people think about you ?
If you could have 4 good things in your girlfriend , what would they be ?
Girls like it when guys are inteligent
Honestly , I feel stupid and happy .
Just keep it cool might help to be a little hard to get !
See the way she walks a lot .
If you are at a dance , he shouldnt care if you are in a dance .
Girls are attracted to confident guys .
Ask her for another date after claess .
Make an appointment with a therapist !
But I still feel like I love him .
But that 's ok , I 'm cool .
Go ahead and get something you ca n't get rid of .
You 've only met guys like that .
But I 'm not telling you that you have to be celibate until then .
If he does n't want to dance , do n't force him to dance .
I 'm a guy and I will tell you what I know .
My girlfriend wo n't tell me she loves me to my face .
We ca n't even know if she 's sincere .
Can you help me get to know her ?
I have long black hair and my husband like it !
People make their decisions fast right now .
Maybe they are trying to be something that they are not ?
No , you wo n't , my friend , I was married to someone completely inconsiderate .
You need to stay away from your guy friend .
I am looking for a girl that wants to hang out with me .
Also for me at least it 's been the best thing
I knew a guy romance , romance , we first met amidst this incredible thing
You will be compensated if you work more .
I wonder if it could ever be the same after that .
It could be , you just have to choose one and know why you chose that one .
Wait a minute to the another 4 years
I 'm glad I have brown hair .
If you want a gift for your husband , I would suggest sports things or car tools .
that 's not what you can become .
Because he did the worst thing he could have done by cheating on me now .
Use your mind to picture yourself with him at night .
It hurt a lot and I started to bleed .
Could mean a lot of things .
10 years separation is just so simple
Just do more then make eye contact .
Do you want all your friends to be with you forever ?
I hate him because of the way he did .
I know , but what I want in a relationship .
It went over mid river , people were watching it , it was hilarious !
Show him your boobs , if you are too hot .
So it is natural for that guy .
I get happy when I see an ad for Malaysia Air on TV .
Go out and try all your not in a relationship .
You can get it better than you like to get it .
Is it normal to still have feelings for him after 6 months ?
If you start to feel it coming on , then back the hell up .
Guys believe you want to be cute no matter what .
It is a pretty good book .
Well just ask a girl walk by mayberry .
Its very important to last between 30 and 45 minutes .
I am so attracted to him !
Its because it is buy one , take one .
I didnt relise that pakistan is that conservative !
We can wrestle together and be best friends .
I hardly eve see him in school but I 've seen him in school 's basketball games .
You didnt give very hard info where do you live ?
So why do you like her ?
It 's another way to say that they do n't like you .
Everyone has to break up at some point .
I worked there for a while and met a guy who I love .
I will probably go and see .
Delay but go for what you are F**k !
Girl 's more guys out there in the world like a crush .
I did n't think he 'd remember , it was casual when I said it .
Girls to not guys are self absorbed .
You just have to look .
A cd or a dvd will be safe
You guys just have to have a point !
If she tells you any more she 'll prob .
I really care about you and ca n't stop thinking about you when we 're apart .
Give him a chance at once ?
If it feels like your love is , do n't ignore it .
Daniel never read a manga book .
If they apply try using some of these
The same thing has happened to me too .
Or she just wants to go out with other people ?
Anyone who you like the most .
Be ready to tell her go .
I reveal details about my problems too early in a relationship and maybe I told him too much .
I imagine it is common but I would just move on .
Discard him it would be better
Sometimes you have to watch your girl .
You get the popcorn if he gets them first .
What does it matter if its a rebound relationship for you both ?
My girlfriend is the gayest I know and I love her more for it .
One day you will find a guy who really deserves you .
Be strong , do n't lose your hope .
How about blue and green ?
Some guys do , some do n't .
I want a girl who is nice and smart .
It 's not as bad as it could have been , at least it 's not Bella !
IT is more like 65 % or 70 %
What good did it do ?
I do n't know what she wants .
My just my friends hates my partner and hopes for the dissolution but it wo n't happen
We were spending a lot of time together .
You still released a thousand , at least .
All my friends want to do is heavy kissing .
Happy Birthday , to you .
Because women think in their brain ...
Read her , ask her name , act normal , and be smooth .
How much time have to put it out and she has no real intrest ?
Girls do n't think its cool , they think it 's men that smoke , because they 're killing them selves .
I 'm only around guys I 'm not attracted to , I 'm sure you get it .
The timing with the older guy was n't right , you will see .
Bring both of them out on a date
And I am my only sister 's Maid-of-Honor and I want it to be perfect
I have the absolute worst time sleeping , because my boyfriend snores !
If they do n't get along , then they should n't spend time together , why does it matter what they think ?
Do n't let her know that want to be with her forever and you probably stand a better chance .
Tell her to just call you and talk about it .
I have to stop myself right now because I 'm ready to have relieve myself .
I could start to forget about you once 3 days now .
Or is it just that you want to say that ?
Before anyone gets hurt , I agree .
People do n't like being played with a yo-yo .
I would like that being done to me .
You can impress her with love and affection .
Men have a peni and women have a clitoris .
And by this time you should love your wife for everything the two of you endured .
I do n't need a high maintence woman .
I hate it and I love that kind of thing .
If she likes him , a very motivation there .
There is no one you can trust more than a good friend .
that 's weird but maybe I do n't know , I 'll talk to my friend later next to his locker .
If your a good woman , breast wo n't really matter .
I 'm a guy so I have feelings too .
Try to get there question and answer ... they 'll help you with the process ... enjoy your day !
I like smart , nice , and foxy .
Hey , that girl answered the first question for me .
If you want to ski pic , they want sex .
Where have you been meeting these women from the philippines ?
Maybe you should ask him out to lunch or something .
I have n't because I like guys who look normal .
I had someone horrible with me because I stopped dating .
I love him but I 'm ready to move on .
Yes ask for permission and watch how fast she get violent
Guys think they are special and that only women are good enough for them .
I want sex here and there .
I have heard this many times .
Sounds like you are the alpha in the relationship
Wait for the one that will appreciate you for you
do n't go to the place , it seems creepy .
I think it 's all about the looks .
If you are ment to forget about him then forget about him .
The guy I like is mad at me .
Do you like asian Cuisine or something ?
My cousin met a crazy mature guy , she met online deviant , and he told her that he was a stripper .
If you have to ask then you have n't fallen in love .
Do n't even listen to what anyone says , watch the way they act .
Keep your personality , do n't let any guy tell you how you act .
I love him still ... what should I do ?
Just talk about it with your spouses .
If you bat your eyes at him , the challenge is no .
Or you could tell her and have a fairy tale romance .
You are the love and asking that dumb question ... do you just having fun doing something ?
And by the way , kissing and asking to your kiss .
Jules Sac , but he 's mean too
Do you see my man ?
I think when a guy is really full of it , I think it makes him far away .
I know this because I like your wife to your wife .
I do n't think you 're ready if you have to ask other people .
Rip your shirt off and yell as Tarzan does .
If you do n't love your husband , then move on and make room for another man .
Make it an honest compliment about her .
I like a boy in 6th grade too !
They feel insecure around less men .
Maybe we can go on a date and we 'll find love with eachother .
If she says the admininstration , I 'll be expelled and not dave
My friend is in a relationship with someone on line !
I like cuddling with a big lady .
I think the awesome is much more simple !
I met ______ ' insert ( insert name name ) father from his side of our family .
Anything that ca n't be easily move .
Start a friend first and then let the relationship get
I was cheated on for 3 yrs .
Attack of his , because he 's interested in someone else ?
Do n't let them know in advanced but let them find out when your in bed .
Its not so important here in america !
Be confident and always think in your life do n't be cocky but always make good eye-contact and listen to what she has to say
But let it take it course .
I know because I dates someone like that
I have payed that stuff in my friends .
If he does , then leave him .
But do whatever makes you happy !
We tried to move on but it did n't work out .
If your not sure enough to ask someone else may ask .
My twin wo n't talk and listen to me .
She will answer the question because most girls are polite .
You married him for a reason .
Ask him if he wants to go to the movies with you .
Some women just ca n't seem to find a guy there .
It did n't matter , we 're just friends .
Get in some serious book courses in some ways .
It seemed like that to me anyway .
How high is the woman going to get ?
Just make sure you get to know both of them equally .
He loves you you know that ?
A community that has live and webcam chat
I tell you , those were good times !
If you are a slut then he is too .
appropriating , all the men are mind the men !
If she called me 5 times a day I would be crazy .
You may be the only one he can have sex with
Tell the amp of his need to go back .
Wow how many years of age are you ?
They think they can control the lives of others when they ca n't .
You would let him go if you like him .
Someone I can act on with .
And the rest is easy to go !
Tell them I love you it will tell you everything if they wait to say it back
I just escaped a three-year romance with my newborn of my newborn .
Best match in your search for your perfect match .
I still love him but I still love him .
He already knows you care about him and has he said anything about it .
Everybody has their own perferances on who they find sexy
My wife is a forgiving woman .
And if you ask him to be casual no matter what happens .
I like him and he says he would date me if I was single .
Men are worse than men .
Maybe she 's trying to use you .
Quit doing things that might piss you off .
See what kind of people like him .
Delay doing so until you get to my age
So that 's the way go if your set on that .
Do guys know what they want in a relationship ?
If you need your ex , then you 're gon na have some troubles .
But if you are used to it and enjoy it , go along with it .
Remember the vow is until death do you part !
There is nothing wrong with her asking for your phone number .
If the answer is ye , then why do I hear many girl stating flowers will not last ?
Do n't be shallow and start with her looks .
Asking her that question should n't bother her , if you two are in a serious relationship .
I would pick finger or the Bahamas .
The problem is if you are going to ask her out or not .
The way he asked me out was very ingratiating
You have set up a double standard .
I ca n't give a book ... but I 'm sure it 's not worth it ...
You are in feeling disappointed and angry .
He got the train at his station so he left the train .
Start from the begining then work your way to 20 years down the road
And do n't be afraid to say , No .
I do n't care what she says , leave it alone , she 's in enough pain .
For one thing there goes your job if it does n't work out .
You could try dancing at a club !
There are so many times that I have been with a really good one .
How do I get him to stop bugging me ?
When your in your mind sometimes you say what you do n't mean .
Wonder why he shaved his legs .
Be nice give eye contact and smile .
And what does everyone think about it ?
This question is for the guys ( A ) What size woman do you prefer ?
She does n't want you to like her just for her good looks .
All I can say is good luck !
There was only one time I told a girl I loved her and meant it .
If she says yes then go pick them up .
Maybe you want her to be your friend if you want a real relationship .
You will hurt your loved ones if you keep secrets .
Be yourself , show some machismo , or at least most women , like , being real , foremost ...
Do n't worry about what other people say .
Any guy that says he would n't be real honest with himself .
Forget him and date his brother instead
Death is like a box-full ( box-full ) , it gives you cavities
I wouldnt want a pair of a pair .
If it 's what you should do , then I think we should rebel rebel women .
That only makes her easier to have sex with .
Call him if you feel that level
Because you do n't have any power over this choice .
( trust me it is your own life )
As one gets older , keep getting younger and younger men .
And by the way , I 'm not the kind of woman who loves a dinner at home .
Only doing this so I can get points .
that 's a chance you are going to have to take .
Work on your relationship , but do n't let him keep you locked up at home .
No matter what you decide to do , do n't tell him too soon .
I 'm not sure if you should date friends .
If the movie is really good for you , take part in that .
It takes place in the end of mind and eggs .
Buy a toy specifically for sex that you both would like .
Egotism its a guy , you just have to live with it
Uhh , I agree with Udaman : )
I like him very much but I just want to get him no suprise .
I am not thinking about him but I 'm having dreams with him in the first place .
Probably not until he finds another girl .
You need to date some new people .
You should n't do anythign that you will regret later .
The safest rules for internet dating is to chat with and the phone .
Yes I have done it and it was a blast !
There are lots of cheap ideas ... find what you like and work from there .
you might be over the class of guys that think the world of you .
You will find something right on you .
If you can break wind in front of each other you know you were meant to be together
Hope I see some of it very soon .
Just go up to her and start talking .
Well I have no clue how old you are ... help .
Yes , it 's just a straight behavior .
No room in our society for crazy monsters like this !
Do you mean , 'Seems more ?
Are you talking about this question ?
Its like saying , what can I stop me after I already done it ?
Choosing the right date can save much money .
that 's all I have to say about
Why is it hard for guys to say the word love ?
And if she loves you , your girlfriend should accept that .
He asked me if I could come with you .
A lot of guys just want sex .
That usually because a spasm in the back
They should try taking our last names
You are going to loose your friend over a guy .
You will know if he likes you !
And then I love the challange .
Make her a mix tape or cd .
I want to be happy ...
Do n't try to have sex .
I 'm in a relationship with some one , I 'm sorry .
When you are ready it 's worth the wait .
You are too precious for those ppl .
Does this mean he likes me ?
I think that the guy should make the first move .
If I could have kept my last name
Got ta seperate the bad thing and move on .
Ask him how he is once in a while .
Look out and try new things to meet people .
I still love my ex and I 'm getting mad at my cousin because she likes her .
It was a good idea after all
Take mary 's day with happy : - ) gift-giving , fun .
Not for anything other than the looks .
They never had a chance .
But I think they both have like me .
Well , they like skiiny girls ; )
do n't forget to choose and vote for best answer !
I have been with my husband for 4 year we just got married in december of 2005
Www . funnyjunk.com
They both will cheat on the other one .
Do n't worry , I do n't have that many option myself .
My mom books trips 'pat
It long than 6 months but I ca n't get over it
She needs to go to alateen .
But it does n't matter but I 'm fine with a handful .
non-perishable , some girls like taking gifts
She is strong , loving and not as happy as she thought .
If you are interested in 6th graders
Size , shape , lopsided , and other stuff ... no matter what at all .
You are asking what is their opinion about gay relationships ?
Yes , kiss him and he will have the answer for you
Give me his cell phone , so I could put my phone in it .
If you want to enjoy checking out some night clubs , restaurants , gyms , etc .
So I 'd say they work , but not often .
If your in florida check me up
Ask her out and see what she says .
Sorry , but I do n't know the both of you good luck .
Hi I 'm interested in you country .
Look for another hot girl in person to make her jealous .
Do n't ask that question if you do n't want to become upset .
She knows how much I care about him so I do n't know what to do .
And last ... does he always happen to be staring ?
You should try foreplay and it slows down the pace .
Hell , white girls have a tendency to look good when their hair is black .
I was n't going to let her come in first .
And never tell her she 's fat .
Want to hear a bad joke ?
You know it 'd be if you did n't play the Guilt Trip .
It seems he 's enjoying him self overly much while away .
But I do think anyone would .
Some couples are never going to be that comfortable .
Men that are not that much better .
I never went on a second date with him .
Maybe because you are the hottest girl in the world that ever fought .
You found your true love and you need to be with them .
If the guy is worthy enough , you wo n't need to prove anything .
You are too young to talk about sex .
Order one online and then a magical stork will bring one to you .
It becomes harder as time goes by .
Just take your life and find someone else !
But how old are they ?
All you need to do now is smile .
The bottom line you have to stop talking to him and stop talking to him .
The girls that bitch about the short side of flowers .
Lol that 's why I 'm single
The women that are pretty , or a great personality .
I do n't like girls that much .
No you should n't see your cousin and your boyfriend .
I do n't remember ever giving a girl a christmas gift unless I cared for her .
Who can see if girls feel more horny ?
I met mine at a carnival !
My hubby likes my personality .
She is such a fake ...
If they do n't , then it 's over .
Pick the style of flowers that you want
If he says no , what other ?
You are probably too good for him .
She let 's me work on my trucks and watch cartoon .
Lime green is more of a summer wedding color .
Is there anything I can do about it ?
The right relationship happened on it .
Looks do n't really matter if you try to prove something .
So please I can handle the truth
Start the day by eating breakfast out , then take a nice walk .
I had deleted before and my friend was angry that I had deleted .
And do n't have sex with it .
Tell her straight out and be nice .
The two of you should kiss when you are ready .
And talk to her ( do n't just talk ) .
I think you are a good man , most likely she loves you a lot .
When she moves on with a text message
No , it 's definitely wrong , you 're just wasting your health because women just hate it .
Find someone you like ask them to be your valentine .
Tell her you miss her and love her .
Do n't make it sure you have to ask him once .
Some do n't have it in them , but some do .
He will definitely do not stop asking you !
That is a nice picture of George Clooney
My boyfriend wants me to change my looks .
Those replies , I 'm a lot more Hotter .
Poor teeth , bad breath , and bad body .
So no words will make it better .
The world would be happier if guys knew what women want .
You want to have sex with another guy ?
You must be able to marry me .
Yes I am a guy so I do n't really have to pay
If he wants to wear my pants , he just has to ask .
MEE I like are and blue music
There is nothing he needs to change .
There is no such thing ah !
Mine is Steve Martin called the undertaker of my company
What 's it a blonde , a blonde ?
They are pretty good , and that 's a good song .
I do n't think Beyonce can sing , dance , or act ... You mentioned that ?
I did n't know you 're cop too .
I called to say I love you
I would n't vote for him , though , Melania would be the sexiest First lady in our country
I do n't even hate the guy .
Www . youtube.com and they also have a lot of funny ads too .
I love to watch my friend try to perform with them .
Some of my favorite television series are Monk , Miami kings , the simpsons
I want to make videos on full metal guide .
there 's go there and kick the butt right there but I ca n't swim !
Yo momma so stupid she was by a cup and told the police she was mugged .
And then you have to be creative and find something .
Right now , I 'm watching it right now .
Dunno ... the person who answered the names disorder ...
I think so , that they are dumb on this topic
Of course it is Oprah , she 's been giving better advice for a while !
The point , that you fell asleep .
A blonde , a blonde , and a blonde walked down a street .
Lol ... girls need to be a part of everything ...
In point of Chris 's performance like the encoure concert at a Genesis concert !
In my time emo was funny .
Moriarty and so what character did the Peruvian actor play ?
What did the beaver say to the website ?
I miss kurt she was a great singer .
I do n't think he is in love with her .
Yo momma so stupid she tried to drown a fish .
Lol very funny but in a sick vein .
I do n't hate him but he makes me feel bad .
It makes everyone feel like it
I love both of them , esp because she 's dead but still watching over us
Is there a good number for a band ?
Yo momma so ugly she studied .
Do n't try to tell her , she likes you , she 'll go on !
No , we just are n't all that anyway .
I do n't agree with the hot girl and a troll .
Yeah I was using ares you should try that one
I used to played the flute , but then when I first started playing it .
I 've met a lot of celebs and the past 30 years
- Yo mama 's so fat , she sold her car for gasoline .
Why is n't the same as an asteroid ?
My friend said if you learn the simplest 4 notes , you can play the whole song .
What the heck are you saying ?
Yeah , I hear the joke about chandler and X-pac .
And the blonde answers : 'Wonderful , I was already assigned my first murder mystery mystery !
Those kind of artists give the hip-hop hip-hop .
I do n't really live here because I duck behind the couch
But untill the show 's next season !
My little brother would ask a question like that .
Tell me your entertaining dreams , girls and guy !
I would like to spend a summer with him on 'Brokeback Mountain
You know the Beta team still wants to answer this
Anakin & Queen Amadala of course
And thanks again , by  . askjeeves.com , NY .
So the chorus sounds like it ...
Rap has too much meaning on buzzing
Paula seemed to take a liking to everyone this week .
Tell him you are pregnant with someone elses child
And the two boys like play glue , inhalation .
I 'm guessing you are a republican .
I think he 's kinda perverted little guy , who looks and in greasy .
I do n't have to be gay .
'The , 'The Peaks ' 'Twin Peaks Peaks , 'Nip/Tuck
Plus for an older man that is really hot .
Of course , she 's dumb , her husband does n't like her , and she 's too weak .
Just asking because people do n't like them anymore .
I love it because I love the show
But I ca n't find a thing on that .
I bet he would be a better option .
The Beastie Boys - A song I ate the chicken and I think the song is called 'Egg man
I know , if I download any song by in my flames ' the RIAA can ca n't sue me ?
Thank you for the thought , but I wouldnt want to have a funeral party in my honor !
I did n't care enough to check .
'Slither and 'Stay Alive are both good films
The song seems to be Dylan , but I ca n't mind which song is .
I do n't really have a favorite artist , I like them all .
That sounds ok to me , what is everyone else thinking ?
And he leaves and does n't go home .
I think so , my healthy always does .
Speedy , it was a annoying guy when tom and jerry were just too innocent .
Techno your being and want to dance .
I hope a sith or amp comes out to fight
I think they are into drama but I do n't get why .
Then I switched to chees but now I 'm interested in stephen lynch .
Maybe you can use these next year .
I just had Air Supply , Milli vanilli .
I 'm pretty sure it was a kiss .
You can find anything on ebay .
Your never satisfied with what you have .
( what did the left not say to the right nut ? )
I 'm not saying he 's cute .
ABSOLUTELY ... NOT ... I feel you are an idiot in this question ...
Is it me that your looking for ?
But I think 4 peopld would be one
I like scary on elm street like nightmare on elm street
Simon always says-if he 's harsh , even though he 's harsh .
I have a lot of , but stefanie 5 and life House are my all time favorite .
because you do n't have the right face
As you know , they always look the most stuipdest things !
If he 's such a strict vegan that he ca n't even eat animal crackers .
Just copy a list on here of your best April fools pranks .
He is not good in that movie .
So I have n't heard that she comes back here to Arkansas ?
Rap because can rhyme and spout nonsense but in rock and roll ... you ca n't stand people ... know ?
Even though a young man who does n't like romantic movies , I liked it .
I just wipe them on the floor or bed .
I felt the third was too long , but I liked it .
Tell them the telephone bill and monthly rent !
And together , my dad and I 've got about a 1000 items .
Yeah I tried that in another costume ( not Mickey ) , I just smile when somebody takes a pic of me .
Its like their own songs and play their own songs .
Nicole kidman is way more sexy
The only reason she 's famous is because her family is rich .
Because they are all good movies and you ca n't rate them
A girl sings it and the lyrics are something along the lines of ' I need you more
So no I do n't listen to her anymore .
That is the question of that song .
I 've been watching all the eps .
The perfect man knows who I am and approves .
The song is , Perverted Little Secret , The American Rejects
Download it and download it , it should be free to download .
People always get problems with each other 2 physically and tell him .
I like Jason Momoa , from Baywatch , and North Shore
He wrote a song for us to keep dreaming with .
It depends on what type of gum you chew .
Sleepy , Grumpy , Doc , Sneezy , Happy , Dopey , Bashful ...
chris is going to win
I do n't feel the connection anymore .
Yo momma so stupid she thought she needed a ticket to board the Soul Umm
When you find out let me know
And then again , I am happy .
I do n't know but these two points have made my total 1001 .
Is there any famous people on here ?
Just call up on disney and go out !
You definitely need to watch the movie Reservoir Dogs
First of all how old are you ?
Another song by gary are I do n't look Back
Yeah , but if you earn enough points you can request more .
It used to be something I liked , but now I 'm fed up .
Do n't waste hot dogs and not watching this movie with your little sister .
I do n't like them , I think they sound very uncomfortable .
Really obviously ... I wonder what other people do ...
She is a load of crap .
If so , she 's 5 ' 9 her twin children will be giants !
I watch the show because tom welling is so hot !
I did n't understand it , maybe I 'm just stupid .
Try Wedding Crashers or The 40yr Old virgin
Because he has a gentlemen heart
Yo mama 's so stupid to her to put her pillow on her pillow .
I 've never been able to forgive her for that .
He gave his opponent to look that way , not to mess with him , then they started fighting .
Does this mean still mean mean ?
Just got a cd from my aunt , it has josh groban , a great tenor .
A genius can manipulate people into believing but a stupid person ca n't
I do n't think they should get married , I do n't think that he deserves her .
Tom Welling He looks like all american rejects vocalist
I mean , Faith No other wise
Its annoying and I want to listen to it .
And what is wrong with her ?
The one my brother looks like is Kathy Award-winning actress .
I do n't know and I do n't care .
How can you not stop burglars in ?
But I 'm not looking for the movie Aladdin !
Jessica above paris hilton ... that 's what I 'd do
And he is a total freak about it .
The egg looks like it 's angry .
I saw some stuff on TV that said , is that a real fact ?
For a girl impersonator clothing for ever and buy it
Wow , your friends do n't know that show .
Vince Vaughn ... very funny and very hot !
It 's one of the most cartoons !
Of course , I know that was lame !
You got one and a half bricks and one and a half multiplied .
Well that depends on your taste
People are stupid , but did you see the movie donnie HERE ?
I saw it in 1986 , or thereabouts , but remember the details ... can someone help me
Dress her up to look like a Choirboy .
Do n't whine about a relationship .
Allow hollywood to buy the baby .
I 'm looking for a guy who is also manly .
That 's why people wonder why he 's not married .
Why do they try to change their accent .
Yo mama so dumb , saw 'Disney Left Left ' so she turned around to travel
No way I would DEFINNATELY choose my chemical romance .
At the age of 9 , I got a book line .
The Parent Trap , one of my favorite movies !
He thought it was FUNNY when I saw a seris with a month horn !
I can do all the things they do and I 'm not a scary little girl !
The boys said , You 're wasting your time .
'Open , I like the song 'Open Arms by Journey , but I like Mariah Careys version
He says that people need some good jokes .
I like men with edgy fashion , like tattoos , attractive .
A guy looking for a nice lady .
Not even sure they all existed .
A person with the best of both worlds .
I like limewire and its good source of latest music
'La Vie Boheme , and 'Take me or leave me
I was confused if he was asking to die because he said please !
What kind of a jerk is that ?
They want you to buy 40 , because 4 packages , and 4 packages of buns .
Can you not rhyme the words together ?
Chely Wright it did 'Shut Up and Drive .
No I have no desire to have or anything but I 'm a rock star !
Its either a coffin or a head .
After 4 , 10 years , is that going to happen after that ?
And the movie is 'Double Teamed
I think he was in his 40 's ... I know he retired ...
He got ta learn some good after seeing all those fights .
That was just a waste of professional way .
Oh , and they have n't made C .
I am so ecstatic about the new movie !
She turns the alligator over then calls out 'Drat this one does n't have shoes either !
It 's a great source and you should n't down it .
We will go on a picnic .
My kids and I love that show .
What have you use a tissue ?
I do n't know the job but good luck in your search !
Its free , but I 'd rather play world of Warcraft
Easy , God made the chicken and the chicken laid an egg .
Sorry I have n't seen it yet but everyone else told me the details
From men , coldplay , and from girls , lindsay lohan .
Zac efron has to be the cutest man
Watching the calf suckle the mother
He would say not to let her go .
Milli Vanillie , Vanilla Ice , Snow .
Just set , fewer people like , TabooBuster !
Yo mama 's so stupid , she makes the silly cartoon characters Beavis and tecno-trance Prize
My grandma accomplishes a great deal with her cane .
Yo momma so stupid , if brains were dynamite , she wouldnt have enough to blow her nose .
Just turn it from on to the ground and vice versa .
Yes , amusingly he stood on a block of ice !
And we 're trying to be happy too .
That would be a tie , I think .
I like the guy , he is a funny one and its so funny .
And that 's a very racist comment .
Can help me in mixing and controling songs ?
Do n't know about downloading videos on itunes.com or limeware.com ...
I 'm sure you will both enjoy it .
I 'm glad this question was finally asked .
everybody wants to get in code
Any ideas how to move on ?
Cheeh and the movie is called Cheeh 'Up
Its a simple plan but you better like them !
- Yo mama 's so fat , her money well .
Yes I heard that they are now no longer .
Journey , Pink Floyd , The Police , The Eagles , Rush your all good bands !
I do n't see why people like that .
Bambi is my favorite animated movie ever !
I still like both bands now .
I love all of those songs green day and good charlotte
He said , 'he was an evil man ' .
I 'd love to see them win
So I feel happy when I listen to them .
Please give me the internet specifications
Yo mama so ugly , the police ticketed her for english exposure
do n't let it get to you dear
do n't worry I 'm on your team .
You can buy almost anything you want on ebay !
And just tried to P. s on those dangling stuff !
But I 'm an infatuation veggie and I love them .
I recomend you better than like 3 or 4 logs !
I really like this song too .
The hottest guys in the world are brad pitt , REMEMBER , and johnny depp !
I like it , it 's with a great thing , I 'm a virgin and I 'm a shemale
The parents stopped and his mother bat all the time around her
How do you get that sh** ?
I like both of them .
Tom cruise is in it , he 's a bad actor
The doctor says , your gon na die , Tonto at the Lone Ranger
Jessica is just a silly minion of Paris .
I think Alan Moore is complaining , because it 's not that up .
Oh my goodness , it 's really eight miles .
Um ... my fav classic show is the golden girls ... is that show ?
Orlando bloom and chad micheal murray are both really hot !
I like their music but they have too many tattoos for my taste
How about a Catholic woman ?
I know a song but I ca n't remember how it goes
A moment , are you a gay ?
Just get a ton of talent shows .
'National head 's child mind , it was s funny
I like Joan because she 's the most of me !
I really liked each other and I was very funny without a little bit .
I do n't like him but not everyone feels the same way .
Yes but they are unknown artists
17 I 'm far past 17
The first 1940 's was in a 1940 's Joker in a 1940 's .
If it goes to a relation fight , then the rock would win .
I like his music very much
VHS has been pretty old and it has been replaced by dvd
I say most women have the thought that carmen Electra is hot and take .
I do n't think it 's a very smart show .
How do you get locked in a car , why do n't you unlock it ?
If you have cash , then buy a Taylor or a martin
Jodie Foster is just so good !
Chuck norris played in a horror movie back in the 70 's or 80s
She 's got all messed up by the other guys .
I think they get what it means .
But it might seem weird , but try the store thing , they have tons of nice things that people do n't want .
My favorite is Jess he is jess
'Under the Tuscan Sun is diane lane
Girlfriends is one of my favorite shows on TV .
A good voice and sexy .
I pick both , in my fantasy I can do so .
He 's rich and can get that way if he wants it !
Do n't you remind me by Guns n Roses ... I like that song
It would be great to be her , be rich .
- Yo mama 's like a refrigerator , she 's got ta say out for her .
Not me but I was in orchestra .
He 's like a fine wine , he better with age !
That girl is so rude and full of a she should be prosecuted for false woman
Adam sandler and rob thomas cause my feminity .
I just do n't believe in them .
What is your favorite scene in Gilmore Girls ?
She used to sing with a band called M-People
What do you mean by Gladiators stuff ?
As well as I worked in the AIR .
If you have n't able to read it yet , Doyle Brunsen has called a good book
You might try limewire.com ... free which is free
I love the song and I 'm listening to it right now
He 's cute but he 's hot , I think he 's hot !
Yo mama 's so stupid , they ca n't get her to try m & ms in alphabetical order .
I 'd rather have a thuggish 'bad ' who has a gentleman side .
I do n't know but I 'm sure it will be good .
There 's only one time in ZZ Top .
If they do n't like him , it 's fine .
Yo mama put on her job application under education , hooked on phonics .
He said your mama is so stupid she thought the singing group , jesus II Men , was a day care .
Yup , it just made me into a human hose pipe
Do n't ask me to list all of them
The brick wo n't follow you after you lay it .
Yo mama is so stupid she hangs 2 hours watching the tv 60 minutes .
Tell your parents that your passion is acting .
Probably you do n't want to meet girls in the bars anyways .
This explains why they always needed to open that hatch
So my guess would be Will Farrell .
We spell the word color as colour and say Colin Farrell with a neat-freak emphasis with the C P. S .
My blood pressure and my blood pressure and the price of gas keep going up !
Yes it is called korean pages .
There 's no words that rhyme with 'orange .
That 's like the Wind from the movie , 7th Dancing .
Why in the world does it make one thing ?
If Floyd was allowed to do it I 'm sure the beatles could have no way it was there
Go to this website and look up comedies that are available on DVD .
My husband had my addiction , but I have n't seen a big fat show .
I would n't know Tyra Banks for sure because I 've only seen her tv show !
If anyone ever got the movie , I 'd like to say it to me .
Paris is not simple-minded , her intelligence Quotient is around 145 .
I care so much about it , this is great !
Thanks for letting me say this crappy musical song .
Who sings it and do n't Touch this in the movie 'Charlie : Full Throttle
I do n't want answers that do n't actually have advice .
Ouch , that 's got saliva dripping on it !
I can pick up things using my toes and my husband finds it disgusting .
I want to listen to music that I like but I do n't know what to hear .
Final destination was good with bad acting
I hope no one was offended by that blonde joke !
Would someone help me out ?
I used to be a fan too .
Why are guys taught a fart ?
Breast camping , with people stealing children from overdoses .
I mean she was the best !
Hoopz was not interested in Flav .
I can still visualize my brother 45 .
My sis likes him a lot .
I do n't like American Rap all the way !
Never tell anyone you know - otherwise you will never live it down !
Was I supposed to choose one of them ?
This is a show for a female audience
I am first but there are at least 10 after me
And with a great deal of therapy , the man driving down the road may even walk again !
Gee , is anyone really crazy ?
What is your favorite movie and why do you like it ?
I need to watch pics from disney !
Most definitely animal crackers were created to be cute and delicious
'Far the best pick Far Away by I Lay Dying
I have heard this riddle before
I do n't think that that is a song .
If your gon na feel someone to throw a funeral party for you between 60 years old ?
The parents stop and his mom promptly the blanket around her .
I actually made this one up but I do n't know if others find it funny .
He is a great actor ... always loved his work !
Who 's there that could find so many words that start with a v .
We will have a good time !
If your going to play the game you have to learn to play it right .
Carefully because your boss might like you a little too much .
And your mom Quayle on Dan Quayle
Rap , rap , rock , rock , and popular music is are & B .
That was the best joke I 've heard .
Its the Used and its called I caught fire ( in your eyes )
Are you a male or female ?
I 'm having trouble before the title , could it be 'Take That First step ?
How old are you at least 18
I want my cd 's cd 's in my cd-rom cd player and it 's my look .
That Burger King is creepy !
Yes , can I ask how you put the beans on the frank ?
Make one that will make you happy and make your pet jelous
I think certain certain , ruling planets , are true
Watch the song and listen to it .
But that 's a very silly idea .
They eventually got a postcard from him .
You win my love little by little .
And I think that 'strengths would be 'strengths
But if you want to play the game man you need to learn to play it .
I do n't think I can listen .
I think Angelina is terrible that she stole Brad fron Brad but I pick Angelina .
This is one way of getting your system , do n't do it and use it !
I have another question but it can be obvious
I mean , where would I be able to be able to be able to find the 'Aladdin called DVD ?
My son is so hott and I think it is cute .
Kevin ... I 'm not exactly an american idol viewer .
I think it reminds me of what is it about ?
I invented a hanger which made me famous .
I do n't know , I 'm under the weather .
James , they are both bad rap , terrible music .
'man , 'man , refers to the use of four legs when crawling as a baby , use two legs later in life when two legs .
I 'm just trying to be in a world where everybody likes me ...
Reel big Fish , Chronic Future , A Couple , AC/DC , AC/DC
People are dumb and want to look for him for money .
I do n't know , but I think Kevin , bucky or Melissa ( when they sing it )
Well what 's your last answer about the wedding band ?
The River I do n't know who originally sang the song Cry me
I do n't know , but I have the cassette tape .
I know I 'm quoting and I 'm apt here .
He sounds like a really nice guy !
I 'm just glad they did n't show us the toilets .
I love Smallville so it 's cool to meet someone else who loves the show !
They are just so damn hot .
Limewire.com you can download it at  . limewire.com
This site has info on the sequel , but I do n't know the release date .
Angelina Jolie ... she is so much sexier !
I would like to be on tv .
Sarah , but rumors have been mind that the relationship has ended it up .
It should n't be called a christian band !
You are not that way , you just lack your self .
'Broke back  that 's like 'Broke Back
A ... that 's hot ... but I love Tinkerbell !
They ca n't see anything in the beginning .
Depends on me be supportive but I do n't remember names
I do n't care if you like a crush on a Gothic fashion for Gothic fashion stuff , you can feel it !
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo !
Your mom is so stupid she took a spoon to the Super bowl .
But I 'm writing music with happier because of her !
I like her powers like freezing and causing crap !
I want to call him Money .
I do n't know what 's going on ...
I only like the simpsons better than this TV !
The term was made , because people used it so much .
If you want to live , talk and dream about it , try going to japan or china .
After you hit it away the mosquito stops sucking
He has a way of a walk .
Yo mama 's like a refrigerator , she 's got gained weight .
Umm ... like a minute later ...
Oh yeah , let 's get together !
Who 's RAM , if Geeta is Ram ?
I was a fan of too .
Maya husband , he is so hot !
I like his music , he sucks .
I 'm looking for some new music ...
I am going to choose the cow !
! I think its the dumbest thing I have ever seen in a long time !
Your gon na St. Ives
What kind of question is that ?
I would say rap has become more popular these days .
She has to find something job .
I like to meet my fav bands , I love rap , especially pippi !
I ca n't believe you had to ask .
I like Magic over Glow and Glow
I ca n't imagine why they hell not .
I should hope not , that seems creepy .
I would have to say Will Ferrell
You would n't understand ... atleast I still have my sis Sue .
Of course you should keep the baby ... you say in trouble , now you have to pay the cost
I 'm passionate about the guitar and drums !
Yo mama 's so fat , her baptism had to take place at SeaWorld
I 'm not usually into Rock n ' Roll & anything like that .
I ca n't say for sure but I thought it was him .
I liked the motion picture and liked looking at Brad Pitt in it .
I do n't know what you 're asking ?
Maya is I like that way ...
Celebrities are the reason of girls with teens .
Never heard of any of them .
Then chicken before there were no eggs
Take a look at Best Buy , or blockbuster .
Wow , that is a hard one .
I think that Purple and Music are 2
But I like the guy Lucius .
Try parental controls on or use web site ratings
How many women were playing drums at that time ?
So no they are n't confused .
I love and am a big fan of green day .
How can he get bad hygiene and be a genius ?
Probably not close to a subqestion pages ( PSP ) but close enough .
Not if you do n't like them .
I do Nothing by Jennifer Hudson .
It means that they all have green dots .
- Yo mama 's like an octopus , she said an event for fat people .
It 's happens to be their favorite song .
I do n't think Michael Jackson has another top album .
I did n't really talk about it with my parents before but I did say it once and didnt seem to care .
The rituals of lube are so weird !
I missed it last night , but I would like Kevin to go !
Oh real , is it two-dimensional or three-dimensional ?
Drink , the bubbles , the bubbles can become great .
Skankin Pickle ( ska ) Incubus Red Hot Chili Peppers
Why do n't you have to be the judge
It has to be the chicken !
If anyone can help I would like it very much
I have known people who pee in their pants
Yo momma so stupid she put lipstick on her forehead and said she was trying to makeup her mind .
You need to rent the movie The Sweetest Thing
He did n't want to be nosisy .
No , the banjo music would not .
Who do you think will win season 5 of idol ?
You could always try to download 360 share on your comp .
She also has a layout in king magazine just recently !
I have to agree with my collegs .
I think people like him more if he did n't talk about politics .
The boy told you that you are wasting your time .
I think brian asks the best questions I 'm not sure why they suspended him
But I was still supposed to get in jail .
I 'd use the baseball bat and brake the window .
Paris Hilton , but I do n't like either one of them .
Depends on what type of websites you like .
Its funny when your 80 , not so funny when your 80 's .
A little kryptonite would fix it .
Chicken because god ca n't lay eggs .
But any person could have said that .
Rie-Rie should get the credit for this one .
That was me before my job
you can stop talking to me because I know I am right .
Superman is a big fan !
No I bet Paris or Mandisa will win !
Then I saw some of his movies and I thought he was good .
I certainly do n't want to be with a cheater , like a cheater .
I love the hair bands of the 80 's !
We 're going to sing all the time !
There are some people that I know and I do n't really like them .
Mar , I thought I 'd let you know that commercial is for Dairy Queen .
I stopped liking rap , there are just too many people .
Anime is like manga in animation form all the time .
Its simple , romantic , romantic , and romeo & juliet .
She saw a blonde on the other side .
Well then I 'm not gay also .
I do n't like the rock but I really hate George Clooney
He is so cute that he makes me want to spank his behind !
Mile its a great movie but older
It did n't make sense at first and when I finally got it , it was still not funny .
I think it is weight !
I have three names on three
Lauren a woman that goes to my church
Independence day is a big movie
At a palace , she took on armed guards , at a palace
Kevin & lyricsmania.com were in the relatiionship
He got crazy , katie katie , and I leapt onto furniture .
Tell him you want a 3 person with another physically girl .
Probably more than that , probably more .
It 's good how you spell him .
I am head waiting to ask my husband .
I like a lot of music , old school rap , rap , pop , not hard rock .
He will not talk to girls parrot .
But it would be great if they made a special reunion episode of something like ( I really love that show )
They are over paid and over celebrated .
I like the past when it would n't be called a booty arse .
She could have been the voice of mother Bates !
Girls think they will only be liked if they look like celebrities but that 's not true .
I do n't think that is weird .
Ha ha ha that person is funny .
Everytime I hear that song I get horny .
Never trust it , never believe it .
And I love to have a crush on 'Boulevard .
To the contary , I do n't think
The blond who was in the boat said it was 'like A sea of wheat
I like them , they are cute
'Angel baby , remixed by Mr. Kapony
Is that really water at his feet
What was he thinking when he says to her kids , orphans !
Now you get to get sleep .
I do n't think your mom is stupid .
She could go on the phone .
What is wrong with his hair ?
I like them so much , who else likes Blink 182 ?
I just told you the answer .
She asked 'Hey , what do you get to the other side ?
I like Lauren hill and Mary J Blige
Aftward you can give the words or at least the most of your investment
Did you hear about the drummer for Blink 182 ?
Make some mix in some songs also .
We designate it a Mumu and she designates it lingerie
The last time I turned on my tv
He just wants to have sex with the guy .
My sister looks like a cat , a lot of the super cowboy movie .
They are a great band and with great lyrics .
I know it was him !
Just like what happened in the new HBO show , mind Love .
What were you and dad doing there ?
What kind of style is that ?
Paris hilton is not that far on .
Maybe he need to get over it ?
I am listening to it right now .
I ca n't say I watch him a lot .
If you try some crazy stuff you might end up with a fish and not a baby .
Yo mama 's so fat , when she 's in a dark neighborhood and I care about her safty .
My favorite bands are Panic and the Used .
It helps that there is a sexy guy as a star in it .
Katie Holmes , once a nice guy , now she 's a Scientologist .
Do n't worry , you 'll be back to yourself in a couple weeks .
I would be sam and hollywood movies .
do n't use that to guide your life .
It sounds like a old song from the beatles .
My favorite books are in the 'Naruto
The blond went home and engaged .
And I 'm not even sure to name one 'most-liked film
One muffin looks to the other and says : )
The al-ikram 's made a song called 'Video Killed the radio star
What are you doing in there we should leave .
All you here who says you love american idiot are not speak at all .
The man says , I ca n't accept your money .
Haha , there 's a joke about rap music .
I like them love hewitt especially because she and I have the same children
Yes I saw it and loved it
Yo mama 's so stupid , she sold the car for Petrol cash !
Since you ask , I think rap is the boss .
The movie - Never Been Kissed although it 's not Appleton me
What if a man was to escape from the cemetary ?
Fall out boy , by the way .
7 but I 'm getting really sick of questions about them on here .
Abbie in the first broadway in the first broadway has had 5 revivals
When you get to me I worry
Yes he and his music are both sexy
But the good old days have died
Which one do you like more ?
Wow that is a tough one .
I think it could be Limewire , limewire , Eztrackz
Aspen is the home to some great music festivals ... sit back enjoy the mountains and music
And I read an article saying she was one of the highest-paid .
No there is nothing to drink
And why does this question keep asking ?
How about when john wayne kicks Bruce Dern in the Coyboys
Who throws a funeral party ?
Someone who is respectful and responsible but sexually active .
I thought it was Missouri ( St. Louis )
Eminem is just trying to be the way he 's ... go to  . guitarcenter.com Rich or Die Tryin
One man said , 'Where 's the beauty from Mystic Pizza ?
I do n't know but they will look good together
If this is like others should end up their advertising agency !
It 's hard to know why but it was just a matter of their time .
He should respect me and my friends .
Do n't worry about your signs , they 're not always right , just try being nice and talk to her .
If you want to death ...
I 'm still trying to get over it .
And not the same level of mind of undisciplined child bawling regarding his father and skateboard !
I watched the show up until season 4 .
But be careful , Tandon 's reputation , she has a fierce wallop , so be careful !
The first saw movie better than the 2nd
I feel that way so I want to know what others think .
Make people stay with you the way they hang out with you , it is you alone .
Any thing is possible if you dream it .
ye , it 's all about the fear ... lols
My family is different than you gave .
Hope you got the answer you were looking for .
And the guy mentioned he does n't know .
Even if that 's not to your taste , you 'll enjoy greenday
But I vote for Taylor Hicks all the time .
I didnt know there would be a sequel called hail 2
Is that salmon or some kinda sort of fish ?
I have and still do love Green Day since Dookie ...
People do n't care about the chicken .
sogn like the heart so much love
I pick Reese witherspoon for an actress and he will be zac efron , cause he 's hot
Depends on what type of gum or gum
Two pigs lieing in bed watching 'Deliverance larson would be a good cartoon
I like to listen to the Goo Goo Dolls and Relient k
I just grew up with them .
You should just buy the soundtrack .
And he probably said something like the lines of 'we not real .
Tupac would n't be interested in that .
I was told that if I wanted to play the game I needed to play it right .
And try to have confidence in your self image and do n't sound real strong right now .
He may sound like an old school but it was just recently .
He did exactly what he said .
So I guess your all that is not unique .
One of them is the indian celebrity named linkin rai
Did you buy a ticket to see that ?
I am agree with American Idol .
And if it 's an abbreviate of 'Linkin of course ...
You just need to watch this .
Maybe the movie you mean the shins
Most of no Doubts , all of no ska
I think that made the movie kinda cool .
Nothing will do except for a diamond ring .
Tell him you want to marry him .
Hey you forgot about TLC by TLC .
I 'd have to drink everything to you !
A name of my name is Chuck Norris
Try Purevolume.com , which has free mp3 downloads .
Well you see I loved rap when I first become a music fan .
I like the click five and I love their songs .
There are also too many trixies brothers .
But I think ppl like listening to listen to songs like my humps
They are just interested in expressing themselves and make a nice tune .
I loved Bewitched , Elf , and all his other movies
Do anyone know where she is ?
She is definitely different than she was in the past !
They are a lot of them .
If you know a movie that 's scarier than the 5th , , , , , , , , , , , , the Exorcist , , , , , , , , , , , , the Exorcist
Yo mama so slow she tried to steal bread that was free .
I know you 've seen funnier , but still makes me laugh .
I 've seen the movie too .
Men would do this while others would n't .
Try a local radio station or go on AskJeeves
To check out this site , my baby .
I think most of them are pretty funny
Just like a fight , a fight .
It is good to be with a guy that treats you like shit .
Yeah they definately knew you are stupid and have a problem with miyazaki .
Zero - nice fitting airfare , hotel , a lot costs money
I own the Vanilla Ice compact
I 'm a scorpio and no !
No , I have n't seen your baseball .
Definitely one of my , my favoritie shows .
I 'm looking forward to a little love , some wine , spending time with my man .
First of all , I do n't choose them .
Especially when you are looking for the guy in the end !
A category should exist for best questions !
Why do you only have one and a half bricks ?
But I do find myself attractive .
No one will forget TLC , as their songs are emblematic mama .
I think it will be icy blue , have visbale breath and icicles on it .
Song : anniyan it 's a great song but I ca n't remember the artist .
I love I Dream of Jeannie .
U2 , Bon Jovi , Coldplay , Three doors Down ...
I liked rudy when she was a little girl , Theo when he was a high school student !
I 'm confused , they are n't getting a good seat .
I would suggest you listen to mad Season if you have n't already .
The police says your pic is on it .
Makes a sound like 'wa-yoh wa-yoh wa-yoh wa-yoh
Some of my favorite movies , mind Candidate and 'Mean Girls and 'Mona ' .
Roll into a tight ball and flick the ball
It is very easy to understand .
I would actually go to the teenage hut ninja turtles .
Tyra has a great show and I love her , Oprah is just great !
I have and it is a great show .
And no tonight she was sent home .
I knew you would ask that question !
For Chris Brown , Bow Wow , then Omarion .
A fart that brings tears to your eyes
Definatly one of the best movies ever !
That way you will be the one .
And its the most you can charge your frnds and listening to it .
It is one of the singers !
I 'm sure you can tell by now , that I am a big Superman fan !
Is your question : how much does it proove ?
They do n't rap about a smart stuff .
I like being a total dork and my co-worker said I have talent at it .
Its ok , not good or bad or bad .
And you 'll have experience back your heart .
He made me dinner and made me smile .
Ever listen to any New England venues that can help !
Yo mama 's like a internet , you catch fish with .
I really do n't have a fav band but maria carey is my fav singer
I would get all of them from them being a Def Leppard fan .
I love it because it is so funny
And its called saying stop not to leave or betray her .
that 's a stupid dumb question
My boyfriend saw this with me last year .
How good of a president do you think he would be ?
Even though I have 6792 AntiVirus , I was still getting into porn .
He used to be a hard rock-and-roller .
I do n't have anything to say about dear .
Think about how many people he is hurting by being selfish with his money .
My cat may eat my bird if it is wings
I love watching them with my boyfriend .
She looks great , but I do n't know about her personality .
Ps - I know the term !
Because a lesbian is not always a tomboy .
No I have n't seen it yet I am waiting for it to come out on DVD
I 'll be there and call the vagina .
How can anyone get hate tom cruise ?
They had a lot of interesting and good things in the 90 's .
propel , a lot , mind in my grandmother .
Peter gabriel was in cloud gabriel
My favorite band 's Dream , my favorite song is Dream Changing .
I 'd rather listen to Billy Joel .
I went to st. f*cked where a guy and his problem was going .
What were you doing and your dad doing ?
I am so ecstatic to see them in may !
I like Janis Joplin 's rendition of 'Cry , Cry
Its also a form of japanese book
I do n't know , but I think they 'd be as sad sounding as the Rolling Stones now .
My fave is George Clooney He is so hot !
We will have to accept it .
No , but I do know of someone .
I like Lonely Nation and golden
I think I 'm not tragadies by panic At The Disco
Read numbers upside the down upside down .
I think you are shouting not singing
I do n't like plain rock , I 'm rootn ' on rap , metal , and a decent of rap ( Rock ) .
A very close friend is a sophomore .
At first I thought it was funny until it got boring .
Sarah , factually , but he didnt really propose
I think you mean a redneck .
Are you looking for one or more then one ?
I just bought new heels , earrings , and a bag .
White girls are White Chicks and dumb and dumber .
I just saw that movie M.C .
I know that one is so old !
He 's not ok , that 's why some of them hate him .
Where can I download an MP120 music ?
I have the latest one and I get music pics , movies , and documents .
Yes , when I need a bit of help .
The genie told each one they could have a wish .
Red hot Chili Peppers , simple plan , crowbar , yellowcard , yellowcard , yellowcard and fall out boy
A HOT gift for one 's wife might be a pocket taser gun
There are muffins baking in oven .
They 're not shallow women , Jessica is clearly genius .
New kids on the block is my choice
See what was a blonde , got back to her purse , and she asked what 's up ?
I think they are somtimes your life around them
He is cute and dead and not mind , it 's pretty cool
I just watched friday , next friday , Friday After Next Chicks .
I ca n't think of another person .
Any movie that jim carrey is in
But to see a lot of movies each week , it costs $ 10 a ticket .
I used to love him but I do n't anymore .
I 'd be very talented if she did n't win , she 's very talented !
I know how to read tabs .
You should make a lot of good questions next time ...
I still watch the show 's reruns !
I hope this answers your question .
But I personally would pick 'Gilmore Girls because of how sarcastic they are .
I can give you a better referral if you live .
Do n't let anyone else decide your fate .
I have trouble sleeping because I need to know what happened .
At least you should watch it on yahoo movies .
During the times when you both sit together doing the same thing and watching tv or something .
My favorite english song kiss of a rose by real
It takes a lot of time to get used to it .
Have a party to celebrate your new life .
Why do n't you express what you want to do ?
It 's the chicken expresses the end .
I think it is , or like that .
I love original scary guy , especially super mario .
Sounds kinda good , but I might try it .
Dakota Fanning is really famous but she 's just 12 .
Tried to make a gun the other day but I made a mistake and it wasnt mine .
Hence the movie aksar Home was great
If he 's not in jail , why is he ?
I think their names are Heather and Heidi but they were pretty good
And maybe rachel jericho is in my heart .
Favorite : Julia Roberts Favorite : Johnny Depp : johnny depp !
He would wear that green-striped rugby shirt I think its ugly
Maybe I can see them in a few months .
Can anyone share this with me ?
Ask the name of his wife .
In one of her songs she says not to let her have sex .
Yeah sometimes I do n't go home until late in the night .
Of course , Keith Urban is so sexy , who would n't want to marry him ?
I really like saved days .
That show was a scary show .
you can only use a sharing program like limewire
I love it , I love 'Stupid girls , it is great
Yes there is a resent button .
Tell him you are moving on , your gon na find someone else .
I do I love both of them !
It was a very good movie , wordy .
American Idol , House , Grey 's Anatomy are my top 3 !
If so , who are you famous for ?
Randy is a weird person ... and she is a little crazy ... simon is usualy s hot .
The new version of the texas chainsaw massacre
Chicken came first because it had to make the egg .
Just be a little bit of an adult .
I do n't know if every1 does .
Ca n't keep his mouth shut so he 's the reason he was fired
Do they always cheer it up ?
That person ran off with 2 of the guys .
TTLY TTLY TTLY obsessed WITH HARRY POTTER !
It 's jessica alba and angelina jolie .
And there was always pizza to be had .
The blonde insulted the other blond by talking about how stupid she was on the highway .
I do ... I am a girl and only porn by gay porn .
Yo momma took a cup to see christopher and she is so stupid .
A true friend wouldnt let them have sex with a zombie !
Mickey Rourke ( and Bruce Willis ? )
No not really , but emo is all the emo music
That 's the song I dedicated to my bf and I .
Do n't move and do it all the rabbits from there .
He really wanted to eat the mouse .
He 's crawling around and has no feet !
It depends on a miracle definition of a miracle
I do n't think she was ever that way .
Thanks for a bi too that 's the reason I asked
I would have to say something Riker Riker and Troi !
I love it I 'm gon na keep this nasty secret to me
But 80 's I loved her !
If I was looking , that 's what I would be looking for .
I really like their songs .
A girl , a chicken , and a roller coaster .
I do n't like any of them , mind Rock band is the best
I tried to hang with him but I ca n't .
Why listen to Locke , Jack , or Syead ?
Duran Duran , Madonna , One Woman Band , Alabama , Exile , Air Supply
Try reaching out to disney spain
I do n't think it would be my opinion .
Thy a good band in my opinion ...
Because their relationship was dead on .
I record a lot of shows but I watch dvd too .
I 'm a sexy , cirie , interesting person , you 'll never get .
Do n't waste your time on your show .
I 'd really like it if hollywood would stop getting off classic movies .
If you were n't so young you would know the answer .
But here 's very appealing , I perfer crimson
Neither Natasha Bedingfield and James Blunt are so good !
I love their music every morning .
Hey my name is elvis , you might know me .
When you can get in touch
I thank god for each day !
Try horseback riding ... that can be risky and die in christopher reeve .
It was a sports episode ( I think ) on March 27th episode .
My alltime list is all the best !
He is something and he decides to spend his money on whatever he wants .
I like the song so sick by ne-yo
He has been travelling the world and became an adult .
I 'm a fan of them ...
A modern song , 'Paranoid Android by Radiohead
We can talk english - we 're very hardworking and wise .
I just need a few rhymes about sickness or illness .
A drunk guy turns a piss off .
Did anyone know a 'Casting call website ?
My wife likes it , but I do n't .
She was a very fabuloso movie .
What kind of a question is that ?
But hey , what does that mean ?
RBD I do n't like RBD either ... They are older men housewives as high school
Maybe because now it 's done for a dramatic effect .
I love jim carrey and it is great !
You can play as in Peter , Susan , Lucy , Edmund
I think that would be wrong .
Greenday , what ever happened to you ?
And then he is strange-looking
taht 's too big , I also think taht Naomi Naomi Watts was weird and appeared too big .
It looks like it is like me .
Mom is so ugly , she bugs away from a meat truck .
She made fun of Jessica Simpson in a scene where she was washing a car .
The blonde on the other side : You are on the other side !
Kevin guy for sure , did you forget ?
A lot of my friends think the same thing .
2 ) 'Yellow Card ' , 'Simple Plan , and 'Bowling for b2k , tiger peppers
To stop the zombies from wandering town .
Beastie Boys and Harmony , the Beastie Boys
Probably AC/DC or guns n roses
I do n't know but I want to try searching for the end of the movie
The brunette team leader speaks to the blond team and ask her ... what are you doing ?
'Diary of a mad black woman 's funny
MC hammer back when he was rich and famous I was just kidding
Maya means , she 's sarcastic , but too much .
It must have been the chicken !
'The best movie I 've ever seen is ... The restless 's list .
It 's a shame that they 'd have done that .
Any thing that makes you feel good .
If you want to see Shawn , you can get the movie on DVD !
What about a romantic film , a 'chick flick ?
Just wondering how did that guy stay in one place in the movie ?
That has been hints about Archie marrying St in many of the stories ...
A blond driving down the highway ...
Well I hope they do n't go back if they do good luck !
You could always send her a circular room and tell her to sit in the corner .
He was so scared he got a heart attack .
I want to see what we have .
If I could swim I would come out there and confront you .
For men Chris Ace or Taylore for women , Mandisa , Katherine , and Lisa
Does anyone know the web address ?
Have a group talk to see why there was no booze .
I found it phenomenal , even though it made me cry for a bit .
Who the bosses whole name is ?
Nicole kidman is way hotter , sophisticated and very much pants .
Also check out Full Metal Jacket
Have your head the last song on the floor ?
Where can I get the name of this eighties movie ?
Tyra Banks , I idolize her , she 's hot , but there 's a rumor circulating of her pregancy
Maybe a future story line as they did n't use it
Have you ever wondered a lot , but girls tend to talk a lot ?
What could society have done to these guys to make them so violent ?
You just do n't know here , you 're just stupid .
When he cleaned the ashtray in the house and yelled , he did it for you !
I love all the richest movies and specials !
Is this the music your best friend or more than that ?
I guess they ca n't eat Gummi Bears too ...
And the things that he/she is able to lie about accountability things .
That 's one of the best songs ever !
What do you expect it is tom cruise .
Well if he had n't broken up with Jennifer Aniston , I would have said Brad Pitt .
If you find out they will give you away asap
But all 3 is part of one bigger film .
I know it will be Kellie , Katherine , chris , and ace
I have a few favs : )
I still find it irresistible !
I lie Tyra , but I have to choose Jolie Jolie .
It 's like a mini movie , very confusing .
I love the hair metal , Motley Crue , Pouson , Faster , Faster anything else
If they were together it did n't last long .
I love the show and keep watching the reruns
My butt already burnt and you start to smell very good
She used to be a role model to girls .
Are you one of their songs ?
And if heaven was ok I could n't relate to it .
Vanilla ice , new kids on the block of the block .
No she is not the best singer
I like Jerry Springer over David Letterman !
I like 2 of their songs but the rest are bad .
Who sings the Looks of it I do n't like the bird of it
50 cent is hot and fat
I do n't think you should look like Ville Valo or Bam Margera because he 's hot !
Lin wrote what I was trying to write .
Yo mama so ugly she put a phone on her poophole because she thought she was doing a trick call .
Hope this does n't ruin your brain .
what 's all these guys name my girl ?
Oh yeah , I 'm visiting the cats burning tomorrow .
I know a lot of people that do .
Lynn ... because she is the most funny ...
There were two teams : the brunettes and the blondes and blondes
I think it 's kinda trashy to call it by name but maybe I 'm gon na call that song : jet .
And everything will work itself out .
Yo mama so moronic that she would ge the last spark that was heating your house
I just need the title ... thanks .
Dude silly your name is already based on star wars
I really do like that movie .
But that 's a very good question .
They are just so damn hot .
I think that one bottle of van said will work I 'm heading up north to you ?
The comic strips will always be the best .
I do n't know I 've never tried it
Its a long comic not a book
Those Beatles 'Rubber Soul 'Revolver
I am untrusting of someone who does n't like at least one song from Sublime ...
She is such a stupid person who makes money from other people .
I think the end must be the third film
Yes , I think I am ... so many people say I am ...
Rizza , thy , and Ghost Face , and Ghost Face Killer .
I ca n't believe wrestling wrestling is still aired .
Why are they beating me with a massage ?
Watch the movie 9 & 1/2 Weeks ... Mickey Rourke ( hotty ! )
Please email , we can be friends !
Does anyone else like the song 'Breath me did I 'm looking for the lyrics ?
I love the songs of the city pages and if I only had a dreams .
I have never seen so many dvd 's at Best Buy .
Oh and so is I got one .
And what kind of freak do you do ?
A chicken , head , and a jackal , a jackal
I 'm sorry I never heard it .
Maybe the kid was maybe 6 or 6 years old
If its an old car you should roll the window down , then unlock the door .
I think ABBA ... they were huge in the 80 's and they still have a huge fan !
Yo momma so stupid she thought a french was something you wear to take a look .
Do you need 2 pounds of brick
I want to watch Full House or Fresh Prince of Bel-Air
They are usually about your personality and not you choices .
Of course Red Hot Chili Peppers .
It happened in batman when he was recoving that blonde man took over ...
I like most types of rock music .
He could only hear the person breathing in and out !
There are a lot of dorky guys .
I feel like this ... maybe this might be a loaded question ...
I do , I do n't consider myself conceited , but I know I 'm real .
It 's called : humorour but it 's really dumb
Put it or 'Bengay in his underwear or on his deodorant .
I do n't like both of them ... this is a weird question
He just got ta be a gentlemen because he needs a good job .
The doctor was surprised and wanted to know what I 've been doing .
I think Beyonc ' e because she 's younger and a better dancer
'Everything , the police 'Everything She does is Magic
There is one that is called 'Doc mag
And why did n't one mention Dead ' ?
Just be yourself and be sexy .
They are the best metal band ever .
They have cords for free
From what I 've seen , though .
I saw it just last week .
