And I mean Really be her friend .
Sounds like a rhetorical question : )
Men play at love to get sex , women play at sex to get love .
I do n't want to be mean .
On average I 'd say about 45 % at first but than one you get to knowthe person maybe 15 %
Because some women send men tiny messages with out saying it clearly .
let 's get coffee and chat and take it from there !
I also hate seeing my dad unhappy .
Ask him to go see a doc .
Post more questions on Yahoo Answers !
Besides do n't you think he has enough to worry about ?
But I do n't htink that by not having sex with him he will become unfaithful or leave you .
Anyway my question is ... Will I always feel that way ?
But he might enjoy all the waiting , dreaming & teasing .
And I want to try again .
Not all the time , sometimes men shave them , it depends on the woman ,
Well if you really like this guy smile and make nice talk with him .
I do n't know about love , but he likes you for sure
I 'd ask you out , but I live in Oregon and have no idea where you live ...
I can onli say ... women are complicated ...
I know I 'm overtly picky about people HOW CAN I STOP IT !
It does sound a little girlie .
Sometimes the difficulties are worth it if the the good outweighs the bad
That 's if you both agreed on doing this .
One girl Michelle , who probably would n't mind being named , spoke up and said she did n't believe in it .
Well , if the one boy picks on you , why like him ?
Also sometimes guys think they do n't need you so bad until your gone .
But if a guy asks you do n't be afraid to say NO .
Do I want to be in love ?
( that 's what I called it ) ... but , why ?
If you look creepy and you look ... they 'll all think you 're leering .
Confusing ... yeah , I think your right .
How do I get my sweetheart to show me he loves me
If you really really really really really really like them
( even if he is rich , do n't sell your self .
you sound like a very lovely person so do n't let some of these gals drag you down .
I do n't know . But I know of another website that I go to ...
No seriously , think about howmany cocky girls are out there .
Without having a boyfriend would be a bit slutty .
Then he said do you want some of MY chapstick ?
Hold her hands , look to her eyes and say it , but only say it if you really love her .
You never let a man mistreat you
Nope , he 's too darned big and I 'm too darned weak !
And if he says yes than you can tell him .
What was the mistake that you did
King had a song about this - Only your Mother loves you ( and see might be jiving too ) .
We fall in love they treat us bad why are we there
And if you have , what was it like ?
If she gets drunk then it is not a turn off .
Only if you want it to be .
It 's like breaking a drug habit .
Oh man I should do that when I 'm dating next time !
But you do what you want .
It sounds like you are both comfortable with things just the way they are .
Do n't let her rule your life , she will just have to learn to deal with it .
If he does n't then there are too many fish in the sea .
No single man can give you what you really want .
That said you need to figure out youself if you want to stay married to him .
Start with a basic everyday question and go from there : )
Ask if they want to go somewhere with you .
Trust him , do n't bring it up again .
: ) I have n't tried it yet , but I am still trying to get up the nerve ...
Just find one that loves you too .
Come to my town I 'll be your girl ...
Stay 100 miles away from this guy .
It 's your choice not to hate one , I dislike them to say the least .
I would say around 3 or 4
I do n't know ... how would you like something crammed up your butt !
He 's telling that to some gurls too ... he 's a womanizer ...
Probably because I knew all the girlfriends were not really the one until I met my wife .
And whatever you do , do n't try to have both of them at once .
Sex is not the only thing important in life damn it !
I have yahoo email and that works for me .
Fun includes eating meals ( not breakfast if yo know what I mean ) .
But he was a lil busy after that .
And that will be just s*x !
Please do n't go up to her and tell her how good she looks .
Sounds like you are going through a lot right now .
But ask a girl about the sympthoms because I 'm a boy .
I always felt the same way , but I met my true love and my views changed !
Guys are stupid ! who knows why they do what they do .
BUT -- There 's no better person to marry someday than your best friend !
I do n't want to just randomly go up and be like GO out wiht me ?
You sorta stuck yourself out thier to get hurt , unless you know him fairly well .
you need to reput it in add it back just like first time
No good or bad is your personal belief on something .
They bother you all day long .
Go to hawaii ... ha ha ha or ... pay someone ... lol
His/her intelligence , the way they carry themselves , good looks and activeness
I can just toss him to side and forget about him like last night 's trash ... LOL
Like clear liquid and turns yellow when dry ?
If she sits on your bestfriends lap because she is drunk then yes it is a turn off .
Well if it was before you then he wasnt cheating at all ... obviously .
! he must be a control freak
Its one of the gifts we can always give ourselves .
And get married only after you 've been with a guy for more than 2 years .
To all my fellow girls at Cone , a big Hi and hug !
Just be yourself when you are with her .
What the hell are ya talking abt ?
... a guy asks me , 'do you mind if we cuddle ?
