When the negotiations began , his quarrel with the king of France was temporarily in abeyance , and he had no intention of reviving it so long as there was hope that French money would come to pay the troops who , under Charles of Valois , the papal vicar of Tuscany , were so valuable in the crusade against the Colonna cardinals and their Sicilian allies .
when the negotiations began , his quarrel with the king of france was temporarily in [suspension] , and he had no intention of reviving it so long as there was hope that french money would come to pay the troops who , under charles of valois , the papal vicar of tuscany , were so valuable in the crusade against the colonna cardinals and their sicilian allies .

The above discussion does not mean to imply that control factors were completely in abeyance in the Kohnstamm-positive subjects ; ;
the above discussion does not mean to imply that control factors were completely in [suspension] in the kohnstamm-positive subjects ; ;

The issue was left in abeyance , presumably for the peace conference .
the issue was left in [suspension] , presumably for the peace conference .

Though the Conservative Club 's 500 members have pledged Party allegiance to a man the question of women membership is said to be ‘ in abeyance ’ the number of votes in Horden is unlikely to have filled many coal tubs .
though the conservative club 's 500 members have pledged party allegiance to a man the question of women membership is said to be ‘ in [suspension] ’ the number of votes in horden is unlikely to have filled many coal tubs .

Instead it is ‘ left in abeyance ’ where dreams are filed away until they have been forgotten .
instead it is ‘ left in [suspension] ’ where dreams are filed away until they have been forgotten .

But economic problems were put into abeyance ; in the words of Carr and Fusi ( 1981 : 219 ) , ‘ politics had an almost obsessional priority ’ .
but economic problems were put into [suspension] ; in the words of carr and fusi ( 1981 : 219 ) , ‘ politics had an almost obsessional priority ’ .

In abeyance at the moment is a cricket pitch .
in [suspension] at the moment is a cricket pitch .

Where the patent terms resulted in the inheritance of the title by two daughters as coparceners , the House of Lords would treat the peerage in abeyance until inheritance by a sole heir .
where the patent terms resulted in the inheritance of the title by two daughters as coparceners , the house of lords would treat the peerage in [suspension] until inheritance by a sole heir .

Montgomery became aware of the absolute stillness of Sergeant Bird beside him , even as his own body under a rather creased white shirt held its vital functions in abeyance , blood crawling sluggishly through arteries and veins , diaphragm petrified .
montgomery became aware of the absolute stillness of sergeant bird beside him , even as his own body under a rather creased white shirt held its vital functions in [suspension] , blood crawling sluggishly through arteries and veins , diaphragm petrified .

The bottom room , with Its two huge grinding-wheels of burr-granite propped against the wall and its lingering smell of flour , still held an air of mystery , of time held in abeyance , of a place bereft of its purpose and meaning , so that he never entered it without a slight sense of desolation .
the bottom room , with its two huge grinding-wheels of burr-granite propped against the wall and its lingering smell of flour , still held an air of mystery , of time held in [suspension] , of a place bereft of its purpose and meaning , so that he never entered it without a slight sense of desolation .

For some time thereafter matters of defence , policy and filial duties were in abeyance .
for some time thereafter matters of defence , policy and filial duties were in [suspension] .

Until the report was published , the question of the balance of Meehan 's compensation for seven years ' wrongful imprisonment was to remain in abeyance .
until the report was published , the question of the balance of meehan 's compensation for seven years ' wrongful imprisonment was to remain in [suspension] .

Everything else must either be explicitly held in abeyance or overtly assumed for present purposes ( the ceteris paribus or etcetera clause in science ) .
everything else must either be explicitly held in [suspension] or overtly assumed for present purposes ( the ceteris paribus or etcetera clause in science ) .

Furthermore , while many of our questions about the relationship between mind and brain had to be held in abeyance , it was possible to make steady progress in answering certain fundamental questions about the organization of the brain .
furthermore , while many of our questions about the relationship between mind and brain had to be held in [suspension] , it was possible to make steady progress in answering certain fundamental questions about the organization of the brain .

It will certainly be held in abeyance , given the composition of the present judging panel ( ) .
it will certainly be held in [suspension] , given the composition of the present judging panel ( ) .

If there is any social force which , pre-eminently , has worked towards making the nation-state important again after its partial abeyance in the age of liberalism , that force is socialism .
if there is any social force which , pre-eminently , has worked towards making the nation-state important again after its partial [suspension] in the age of liberalism , that force is socialism .

However , as it now seemed certain that the Company would be taken over by the new authority that was to unify public transport in London , before very long , these projects were left in abeyance .
however , as it now seemed certain that the company would be taken over by the new authority that was to unify public transport in london , before very long , these projects were left in [suspension] .

’ Cousteau 's normal cheerfulness was in marked abeyance .
’ cousteau 's normal cheerfulness was in marked [suspension] .

Like a stranger in a strange land , he travelled with his other life in abeyance .
like a stranger in a strange land , he travelled with his other life in [suspension] .

The Basqueness that is in abeyance in Biarritz returns in full as you drive south from there towards the frontier .
the basqueness that is in [suspension] in biarritz returns in full as you drive south from there towards the frontier .

all her lightstepping 's in abeyance .
all her lightstepping 's in [suspension] .

Neologisms such as ‘ pluralism ’ , ‘ simulationist ’ , ‘ relativisation ’ , ‘ problematisation ’ imply a world in which certainty has been cast into abeyance .
neologisms such as ‘ pluralism ’ , ‘ simulationist ’ , ‘ relativisation ’ , ‘ problematisation ’ imply a world in which certainty has been cast into [suspension] .

The umbrella group we 'd formed in 1987 had fallen into abeyance , but the name still meant something .
the umbrella group we 'd formed in 1987 had fallen into [suspension] , but the name still meant something .

Owing to lack of funds it was decided in 1902 that `` the question of a National Home for the poor aged deaf must be left in abeyance until more funds became available `` .
owing to lack of funds it was decided in 1902 that `` the question of a national home for the poor aged deaf must be left in [suspension] until more funds became available `` .

The removal of Barbe and Celor from the leadership in August 1931 , and the growing stature of Thorez within the party , conspired to create a situation in which a final decision on cultural policy was left in abeyance .
the removal of barbe and celor from the leadership in august 1931 , and the growing stature of thorez within the party , conspired to create a situation in which a final decision on cultural policy was left in [suspension] .

Suddenly a thought she had kept in abeyance surfaced in her mind .
suddenly a thought she had kept in [suspension] surfaced in her mind .

That interest is now largely in abeyance , the issues that were canvassed are still unresolved , and need again to be addressed .
that interest is now largely in [suspension] , the issues that were canvassed are still unresolved , and need again to be addressed .

For it invites the view that the powers attaching to the rights have largely fallen into abeyance and may , therefore , the more readily be disregarded .
for it invites the view that the powers attaching to the rights have largely fallen into [suspension] and may , therefore , the more readily be disregarded .

The referential , truth-functional nature of language is not in abeyance in fiction : rather it is exploited in referring to , and thereby creating , a fictional universe , a mock-reality .
the referential , truth-functional nature of language is not in [suspension] in fiction : rather it is exploited in referring to , and thereby creating , a fictional universe , a mock-reality .

Japan had long-standing territorial ambitions regarding Korea , her nearest neighbour , but these had been held in abeyance during the Tokugawa period .
japan had long-standing territorial ambitions regarding korea , her nearest neighbour , but these had been held in [suspension] during the tokugawa period .

As absolutism took hold in the seventeenth century , many traditional assemblies of estates fell into abeyance , and the gradual evolution of such an assembly into a modern parliament , as took place in England , was the exception rather than the rule in early modern Europe .
as absolutism took hold in the seventeenth century , many traditional assemblies of estates fell into [suspension] , and the gradual evolution of such an assembly into a modern parliament , as took place in england , was the exception rather than the rule in early modern europe .

Positions and statuses are held in abeyance until the following season until they can be redefined and re-established .
positions and statuses are held in [suspension] until the following season until they can be redefined and re-established .

The eugenicist and pro-natalist arguments are in abeyance at the moment in this country although there is always a latent undercur-rent that ebbs and flows .
the eugenicist and pro-natalist arguments are in [suspension] at the moment in this country although there is always a latent undercur-rent that ebbs and flows .

It was proposed by , seconded by and carried that the matter be held in abeyance .
it was proposed by , seconded by and carried that the matter be held in [suspension] .

Iraq 's nuclear plans seemed to go into abeyance while it was reactorless and still bogged down in its costly war against Iran .
iraq 's nuclear plans seemed to go into [suspension] while it was reactorless and still bogged down in its costly war against iran .

The Greek-Cypriot administration continues to observe the 1960 Constitution , although provisions for the participation in government of Turkish-Cypriots are in abeyance .
the greek-cypriot administration continues to observe the 1960 constitution , although provisions for the participation in government of turkish-cypriots are in [suspension] .

This meant that fine tuning of the system in many areas , particularly on the personnel side , had to be held in abeyance until the payroll was running smoothly .
this meant that fine tuning of the system in many areas , particularly on the personnel side , had to be held in [suspension] until the payroll was running smoothly .

Luke 's anger seemed temporarily in abeyance .
luke 's anger seemed temporarily in [suspension] .

Provisions in the Constitution for Turkish Cypriot participation in government have been in abeyance since intercommunal fighting in 1963 .
provisions in the constitution for turkish cypriot participation in government have been in [suspension] since intercommunal fighting in 1963 .

President Abdou Diouf announced on April 7 that he was appointing the president ( Speaker ) of the National Assembly , Habib Thiam , as Prime Minister , a post which had been in abeyance since 1983 , shortly after Thiam 's removal from it [ see p. 32180 ] .
president abdou diouf announced on april 7 that he was appointing the president ( speaker ) of the national assembly , habib thiam , as prime minister , a post which had been in [suspension] since 1983 , shortly after thiam 's removal from it [ see p. 32180 ] .

Yeltsin on Nov. 13 declared that Russia 's implementation of the radical " Shatalin plan " for a 500-day economic reform was in abeyance .
yeltsin on nov. 13 declared that russia 's implementation of the radical " shatalin plan " for a 500-day economic reform was in [suspension] .

The role of the preposition has been described in the following way : The preposition can therefore be quite accurately defined as the type of word which is already predestined in tongue to intervene in discourse between two words separated by an interval which is not covered by a mechanism of incidence in operation … It is the type of word that comes into play whenever the mechanism of incidence between two parts of the sentence is left in abeyance .
the role of the preposition has been described in the following way : the preposition can therefore be quite accurately defined as the type of word which is already predestined in tongue to intervene in discourse between two words separated by an interval which is not covered by a mechanism of incidence in operation … it is the type of word that comes into play whenever the mechanism of incidence between two parts of the sentence is left in [suspension] .

The Forest law fell into abeyance .
the forest law fell into [suspension] .

In some forests the local Forest courts also had fallen into abeyance .
in some forests the local forest courts also had fallen into [suspension] .

If the person has not made a will then the process usually takes a good deal longer which may mean that a whole range of practical issues are held in abeyance whilst the situation is resolved .
if the person has not made a will then the process usually takes a good deal longer which may mean that a whole range of practical issues are held in [suspension] whilst the situation is resolved .

Theoretically , she can dissolve Parliament without advice , but the right has been in abeyance for years .
theoretically , she can dissolve parliament without advice , but the right has been in [suspension] for years .

The policy of drafting reservists was put into abeyance when the conflict in Croatia eased , and the new call-up has brought hundreds of angry men on to the streets insisting they will not fight .
the policy of drafting reservists was put into [suspension] when the conflict in croatia eased , and the new call-up has brought hundreds of angry men on to the streets insisting they will not fight .

But Mr Cook said he did not believe the party could leave the leadership in abeyance .
but mr cook said he did not believe the party could leave the leadership in [suspension] .

the lift was inspected and instructions given to the Company that matters must be held in abeyance pending enquiries about the possibilities of increased traffic from the Nottingham coalfield to London in the event of the lift being put in order and a lift or wide locks being constructed at Watford .
the lift was inspected and instructions given to the company that matters must be held in [suspension] pending enquiries about the possibilities of increased traffic from the nottingham coalfield to london in the event of the lift being put in order and a lift or wide locks being constructed at watford .

The match fell into abeyance when the Druids had too few golfing Brothers .
the match fell into [suspension] when the druids had too few golfing brothers .

In other words , instead of trying to simulate grief or whatever , the emotional aspects are held in abeyance in order to make decisions about the external features of the depiction .
in other words , instead of trying to simulate grief or whatever , the emotional aspects are held in [suspension] in order to make decisions about the external features of the depiction .

When Charles came of age in 1969 , the Duchy had been in abeyance for thirty-three years and was seriously rundown ; much of it was yielding nothing .
when charles came of age in 1969 , the duchy had been in [suspension] for thirty-three years and was seriously rundown ; much of it was yielding nothing .

In the Far East , the future of Hong Kong , an immensely important financial and manufacturing centre , where the British lease was due to run out in 1997 , was left in abeyance by both the British and the Chinese governments , in the post-Mao era .
in the far east , the future of hong kong , an immensely important financial and manufacturing centre , where the british lease was due to run out in 1997 , was left in [suspension] by both the british and the chinese governments , in the post-mao era .

The following year Civil War was declared , and drainage works fell into abeyance .
the following year civil war was declared , and drainage works fell into [suspension] .

That little beast is in abeyance ’ .
that little beast is in [suspension] ’ .

There is nothing to show how long the game or the Society had been in abeyance before the meeting but in the same record a minute implies that the Society had been formed in 1483 .
there is nothing to show how long the game or the society had been in [suspension] before the meeting but in the same record a minute implies that the society had been formed in 1483 .

After a continuous existence of 182 years , and a total history of 387 years , the Ancient Society of Kilwinning Archers and their papingo shoot was again in abeyance .
after a continuous existence of 182 years , and a total history of 387 years , the ancient society of kilwinning archers and their papingo shoot was again in [suspension] .

Elizabeth Wills reported first on the local Mothers ' Union , now in abeyance , and then on the Scramblers group and deanery synod matters , while the final report came from Doris Martin on flower arrangements .
elizabeth wills reported first on the local mothers ' union , now in [suspension] , and then on the scramblers group and deanery synod matters , while the final report came from doris martin on flower arrangements .

This is a genre that flourished in the mid-1980s , then fell into abeyance for a number of years , and is now , I am happy to report , experiencing a modest renaissance .
this is a genre that flourished in the mid-1980s , then fell into [suspension] for a number of years , and is now , i am happy to report , experiencing a modest renaissance .

