# an abundance -> a lot
# in abundance -> a lot of

The 32 C Minor Variations with which he opened moved fluently yet logically from one to another , leaving the right impression of abundance under discipline .
the 32 c minor variations with which he opened moved fluently yet logically from one to another , leaving the right impression of [lot] under discipline .

Religion , or the lack of it , will decide whether we use this power to build a brave new world of peace and abundance for all mankind , or whether we misuse this power to leave a world utterly destroyed .
religion , or the lack of it , will decide whether we use this power to build a brave new world of peace and [lot] for all mankind , or whether we misuse this power to leave a world utterly destroyed .

Their main asset is an abundance of unsaturated fatty acids , so necessary for maintaining the good health of the circulatory system .
their main asset is an [lot] of unsaturated fatty acids , so necessary for maintaining the good health of the circulatory system .

Some are blest with an abundance of good health -- some are in poor health and many are invalids .
some are blest with an [lot] of good health -- some are in poor health and many are invalids .

On the upper Mississippi the Illinois post was to be established near Kaskaskia , and dependent posts were to be built on the Missouri , `` where there are mines in abundance '' .
on the upper mississippi the illinois post was to be established near kaskaskia , and dependent posts were to be built on the missouri , `` where there are mines in [lot] '' .

Frederick Pohl's `` The Midas Touch '' ( 1954 ) predicts an economy of abundance which , in order to remain prosperous , must set its robots to consuming surplus production ; ;
frederick pohl's `` the midas touch '' ( 1954 ) predicts an economy of [lot] which , in order to remain prosperous , must set its robots to consuming surplus production ; ;

What is wrong with advertising is not only that it is an `` outrage , an assault on people's mental privacy '' or that it is a major cause for a wasteful economy of abundance or that it contains a coercive tendency ( which is closer to the point ) .
what is wrong with advertising is not only that it is an `` outrage , an assault on people's mental privacy '' or that it is a major cause for a wasteful economy of [lot] or that it contains a coercive tendency ( which is closer to the point ) .

The problem of NATO is not one of machinery , of which there is an abundance , but of the will to use it .
the problem of nato is not one of machinery , of which there is an [lot] , but of the will to use it .

Generally , however , there is an abundance of available machinery of coordination -- in NATO , in O.E.C.D. , in the U.N. and elsewhere .
generally , however , there is an [lot] of available machinery of coordination -- in nato , in o.e.c.d. , in the u.n. and elsewhere .

It was a fine broody hen , white , with a maternal eye and a striking abundance of feathers in the under region of the abdomen .
it was a fine broody hen , white , with a maternal eye and a striking [lot] of feathers in the under region of the abdomen .

She was nude to the waist and her tumbled abundance of black hair did not conceal the knife slashes on her back .
she was nude to the waist and her tumbled [lot] of black hair did not conceal the knife slashes on her back .

Stock Willis held in abundance fell sharply in value .
stock willis held in [lot] fell sharply in value .

they had chosen Catatonia because of its reputation for excellent schools , beaches , and abundance of names .
they had chosen catatonia because of its reputation for excellent schools , beaches , and [lot] of names .

And what a garden it is ; overflowing with such an abundance of plants , it attracts 2,000 visitors a year under the National Gardens Scheme .
and what a garden it is ; overflowing with such an [lot] of plants , it attracts 2,000 visitors a year under the national gardens scheme .

Hybridisation-based procedures involving cDNAs are unreliable as they are dependent on the presence and relative abundance of the transcripts in the corresponding libraries .
hybridisation-based procedures involving cdnas are unreliable as they are dependent on the presence and relative [lot] of the transcripts in the corresponding libraries .

The emergence of Scotland as a lineout side meant that they could play a different sort of game , and this abundance of possession has enabled Craig Chalmers to play some very assured football .
the emergence of scotland as a lineout side meant that they could play a different sort of game , and this [lot] of possession has enabled craig chalmers to play some very assured football .

Not as well , either , if last week 's evidence is to be believed — they lacked pace and invention , though had an abundance of straight runners with the habitual powerful frames , so Scotland will be stretched .
not as well , either , if last week 's evidence is to be believed — they lacked pace and invention , though had an [lot] of straight runners with the habitual powerful frames , so scotland will be stretched .

We have made use of this model system and measured Ea mRNA abundance , in order to study the functional importance of the Ea upstream regions in transgenic mice .
we have made use of this model system and measured ea mrna [lot] , in order to study the functional importance of the ea upstream regions in transgenic mice .

At last his backs were starting to use the abundance of possession in a positive fashion and using their pace to good effect .
at last his backs were starting to use the [lot] of possession in a positive fashion and using their pace to good effect .

Up front there is experience in abundance .
up front there is experience in [lot] .

Their customary brilliance was still seen in bursts but schoolboy blunders were also in abundance and a lack of concentration in defence left goalkeeper Ally Maxwell exposed far too often .
their customary brilliance was still seen in bursts but schoolboy blunders were also in [lot] and a lack of concentration in defence left goalkeeper ally maxwell exposed far too often .

There was an abundance of help ( ‘ both seen and unseen ’ as one elder put it to me ) ; there was constant anxiety about the weather ; there was joy of meeting old friends and making new ones ; there was the amazing efficiency , imperturbability and the reticence of the treasury ; and the true pleasure of finding things for people .
there was an [lot] of help ( ‘ both seen and unseen ’ as one elder put it to me ) ; there was constant anxiety about the weather ; there was joy of meeting old friends and making new ones ; there was the amazing efficiency , imperturbability and the reticence of the treasury ; and the true pleasure of finding things for people .

This had been assisted by the existence in abundance of certain forms of animal life in the foundations : ants , cockroaches and flies had done their bit , but the mice and rats had had their flesh encounters too .
this had been assisted by the existence in [lot] of certain forms of animal life in the foundations : ants , cockroaches and flies had done their bit , but the mice and rats had had their flesh encounters too .

Meanwhile back at Tenbury , the holly and mistletoe were fetching up to a pound for a pound in weight . There was an abundance of berries this year , and the traders were delighted :
meanwhile back at tenbury , the holly and mistletoe were fetching up to a pound for a pound in weight . there was an [lot] of berries this year , and the traders were delighted :

This year , the abundance of berries was the best it had been for years .
this year , the [lot] of berries was the best it had been for years .

Jonathan suffers with an over ab abundance of exuberance .
jonathan suffers with an over ab [lot] of exuberance .

One thing the Attax has in abundance is overdrive , with all the harmonic overtones you could want .
one thing the attax has in [lot] is overdrive , with all the harmonic overtones you could want .

The distinctive leaves of Begonia grandis evansiana , looking for all the world like an escaped house plant , but hardy enough to grow outside , are also grown in abundance .
the distinctive leaves of begonia grandis evansiana , looking for all the world like an escaped house plant , but hardy enough to grow outside , are also grown in [lot] .

Christmas decorations can be found in abundance at this time of year but there is nothing more satisfying than designing and creating your own .
christmas decorations can be found in [lot] at this time of year but there is nothing more satisfying than designing and creating your own .

Right : The little stream which flows under Puente Chinoluiz where we found an abundance of fish .
right : the little stream which flows under puente chinoluiz where we found an [lot] of fish .

Again there was a trend to increasing size , and they ultimately became the predominant land animal , expanding territorially during the last 70 million years of Paleozoic history and preying on the abundance of insects .
again there was a trend to increasing size , and they ultimately became the predominant land animal , expanding territorially during the last 70 million years of paleozoic history and preying on the [lot] of insects .

This would tie in with the kind of creature that could take advantage of the first abundance of flowering plants and special insects emerging in the late Cretaceous .
this would tie in with the kind of creature that could take advantage of the first [lot] of flowering plants and special insects emerging in the late cretaceous .

But technique in abundance will not always stifle feel : witness Gary Moore .
but technique in [lot] will not always stifle feel : witness gary moore .

Mistress Oaks was well known in the district for keeping a good table and now the snowy white cloths were spread with an abundance of good things , fulfilling all their expectations .
mistress oaks was well known in the district for keeping a good table and now the snowy white cloths were spread with an [lot] of good things , fulfilling all their expectations .

She had never been to Ireland and said that she had never read anything about that country , and yet she was able to supply an abundance of detail about the way of life in that place at an earlier time .
she had never been to ireland and said that she had never read anything about that country , and yet she was able to supply an [lot] of detail about the way of life in that place at an earlier time .

This may contain phosphates , sulphates and nitrates in abundance — enough to start a green algae plague .
this may contain phosphates , sulphates and nitrates in [lot] — enough to start a green algae plague .

You only have to study the improvisations of musicians like Charlie Parker , Clifford Brown and John Coltrane to discover an abundance of chromatic tension and resolution points .
you only have to study the improvisations of musicians like charlie parker , clifford brown and john coltrane to discover an [lot] of chromatic tension and resolution points .

Every spring the village looks very pretty , the aconites , snowdrops and crocuses flower in abundance in gardens and on the grass verges .
every spring the village looks very pretty , the aconites , snowdrops and crocuses flower in [lot] in gardens and on the grass verges .

The name is believed to be derived from a personal name Sighel or Signup , and the second part from the thorn bushes which grew in abundance at the time , and dates possibly from the 7th century .
the name is believed to be derived from a personal name sighel or signup , and the second part from the thorn bushes which grew in [lot] at the time , and dates possibly from the 7th century .

But in more stagnant areas , such as the lagoons , where there 's very little water movement , plants grow in abundance .
but in more stagnant areas , such as the lagoons , where there 's very little water movement , plants grow in [lot] .

It is our contention that at least one of the functions of legal and political theory should be to assist in structuring a wealth of material as a means of revealing general principles behind the abundance of individual facts .
it is our contention that at least one of the functions of legal and political theory should be to assist in structuring a wealth of material as a means of revealing general principles behind the [lot] of individual facts .

These outer and inner zones yield the taille , a juice which becomes increasingly weaker in acidity and sugar , although some minerals may be in greater abundance .
these outer and inner zones yield the taille , a juice which becomes increasingly weaker in acidity and sugar , although some minerals may be in greater [lot] .

He could drink good wine ; eat French food superlatively cooked , and apparently available in abundance ; be waited upon as he had been waited upon in the old days before the war , by a succession of polite , quiet , efficient , well-trained servants , all of whom were Arab , all of whom spoke perfect French .
he could drink good wine ; eat french food superlatively cooked , and apparently available in [lot] ; be waited upon as he had been waited upon in the old days before the war , by a succession of polite , quiet , efficient , well-trained servants , all of whom were arab , all of whom spoke perfect french .

Words flowed from him in effervescent abundance , ranging from lengthy essays , autobiographical fragments and provocative tirades to witty or angry letters to magazines or newspapers .
words flowed from him in effervescent [lot] , ranging from lengthy essays , autobiographical fragments and provocative tirades to witty or angry letters to magazines or newspapers .

Anything that threatens the abundance or the quality of these supplies is therefore very serious .
anything that threatens the [lot] or the quality of these supplies is therefore very serious .

Interest in the abundance of groundwater resources has been rekindled , after the emphasis on water quality over the last few years .
interest in the [lot] of groundwater resources has been rekindled , after the emphasis on water quality over the last few years .

Metamorphism becomes more intense northwards as does the abundance of the granites , which were emplaced syntectonically and deformed along east-trending vertical shear zones .
metamorphism becomes more intense northwards as does the [lot] of the granites , which were emplaced syntectonically and deformed along east-trending vertical shear zones .

Middle-Saxon rural settlements , like those earlier , were supplied with a relative abundance of wild animals , whereas they are rare at Hamwic ( Bourdillon 1979 ) .
middle-saxon rural settlements , like those earlier , were supplied with a relative [lot] of wild animals , whereas they are rare at hamwic ( bourdillon 1979 ) .

We have yet to make a balanced assessment of the real price exacted from humanity for those things which all politicians promise in ever greater abundance .
we have yet to make a balanced assessment of the real price exacted from humanity for those things which all politicians promise in ever greater [lot] .

For centuries , material wealth and abundance has been seen as incompatible with spiritual growth .
for centuries , material wealth and [lot] has been seen as incompatible with spiritual growth .

It conjectures that God/dess , the Source , the Universe , the Force , the Light — or whatever term you wish to use — just might prefer us to enjoy life to the full , to open ourselves to the joy and abundance of the universe ; that All That Is is perhaps a loving force , and does not want us to endure sorrow , poverty and hardship .
it conjectures that god/dess , the source , the universe , the force , the light — or whatever term you wish to use — just might prefer us to enjoy life to the full , to open ourselves to the joy and [lot] of the universe ; that all that is is perhaps a loving force , and does not want us to endure sorrow , poverty and hardship .

Now choose your new belief — based upon love , trust , abundance , and the belief that we create our own reality . Here are a few examples :
now choose your new belief — based upon love , trust , [lot] , and the belief that we create our own reality . here are a few examples :

The world is full of love , joy and abundance .
the world is full of love , joy and [lot] .

If you believe in abundance , then enjoy spending your money ( even on paying bills ! )
if you believe in [lot] , then enjoy spending your money ( even on paying bills ! )

Sometimes you have to be more patient and allow the universe to bring you joy and abundance in its own way , and in its own time .
sometimes you have to be more patient and allow the universe to bring you joy and [lot] in its own way , and in its own time .

The subconscious mind hates inconsistency , so if you begin to believe in abundance , and it sees you living in a tiny hovel with a leaking roof , it will start working overtime to correct the imbalance .
the subconscious mind hates inconsistency , so if you begin to believe in [lot] , and it sees you living in a tiny hovel with a leaking roof , it will start working overtime to correct the imbalance .

It means firmly conveying the message that you no longer want to create this reality , that you now choose to attract abundance rather than poverty .
it means firmly conveying the message that you no longer want to create this reality , that you now choose to attract [lot] rather than poverty .

Our Higher Self is eager to give us a life full of love , joy , success and abundance ; but it will not do so until we say ‘ Yes ’ , and we keep turning our backs on it .
our higher self is eager to give us a life full of love , joy , success and [lot] ; but it will not do so until we say ‘ yes ’ , and we keep turning our backs on it .

Professor Mishan argues that ‘ it is now reasonable to believe that , despite the abundance of man-made goods produced by continued growth , its net effect on human health and happiness could be adverse and possibly disastrous ’ .
professor mishan argues that ‘ it is now reasonable to believe that , despite the [lot] of man-made goods produced by continued growth , its net effect on human health and happiness could be adverse and possibly disastrous ’ .

One quality which that work has in abundance is the Beowulfian ‘ impression of depth ’ , created just as in the old epic by songs and digressions like Aragorn 's lay of Tinúviel , Sam Gamgee 's allusions to the Silmaril and the Iron Crown , Elrond 's account of Celebrimbor , and dozens more .
one quality which that work has in [lot] is the beowulfian ‘ impression of depth ’ , created just as in the old epic by songs and digressions like aragorn 's lay of tinúviel , sam gamgee 's allusions to the silmaril and the iron crown , elrond 's account of celebrimbor , and dozens more .

They are her insurance , her financial independence , so they are worn in abundance , discussed without shame , admired or discarded , and sold .
they are her insurance , her financial independence , so they are worn in [lot] , discussed without shame , admired or discarded , and sold .

As the chief location of tin mining , conditions confirm that an abundance of cheap labour tended to stimulate industrial growth , although naturally mineral extraction has to be carried on where the workable reserves happen to be located , using imported labour if necessary , as , it would seem , was precisely what was done in Penwith .
as the chief location of tin mining , conditions confirm that an [lot] of cheap labour tended to stimulate industrial growth , although naturally mineral extraction has to be carried on where the workable reserves happen to be located , using imported labour if necessary , as , it would seem , was precisely what was done in penwith .

Both these options are available in abundance with boar riders , trolls , and chariots for attack and rock lobbers or doom divers for long range destruction .
both these options are available in [lot] with boar riders , trolls , and chariots for attack and rock lobbers or doom divers for long range destruction .

Of course , some kinds , particularly the Floribundas with their abundance of bloom , are suitable for mass colour effect , especially when colour is vivid but individual bloom quality and scent are not pronounced .
of course , some kinds , particularly the floribundas with their [lot] of bloom , are suitable for mass colour effect , especially when colour is vivid but individual bloom quality and scent are not pronounced .

Naturally , we look for deportment and how the flowers are carried , for colour and splendour , for abundance , for the sweet scents and the period over which the bloom is carried , and for resistance to rain , pest and disease .
naturally , we look for deportment and how the flowers are carried , for colour and splendour , for [lot] , for the sweet scents and the period over which the bloom is carried , and for resistance to rain , pest and disease .

Nevertheless , it is now clear that newspaper proprietors have successfully exploited the perception that there would be an abundance of new titles as a direct outcome of the ‘ new technology ’ whilst confidently bringing enormous structural changes to the industry .
nevertheless , it is now clear that newspaper proprietors have successfully exploited the perception that there would be an [lot] of new titles as a direct outcome of the ‘ new technology ’ whilst confidently bringing enormous structural changes to the industry .

The abundance of his sources is , in fact , his central problem .
the [lot] of his sources is , in fact , his central problem .

Yet it is not the only abundance which confronts him .
yet it is not the only [lot] which confronts him .

This material abundance gives the modern historian a quite different range of experience from that of his classical or medieval colleagues .
this material [lot] gives the modern historian a quite different range of experience from that of his classical or medieval colleagues .

Of course , the historian may find irritating gaps even in this abundance .
of course , the historian may find irritating gaps even in this [lot] .

One recent instance was an enquête orale into the French Resistance which interrogated 2,000 witnesses in a standard manner under central direction.6 Nor , for all the abundance , is the evidence of recent history without its gaps : historians can still argue about the nature and origin of Hitler 's decisions on policy .
one recent instance was an enquête orale into the french resistance which interrogated 2,000 witnesses in a standard manner under central direction.6 nor , for all the [lot] , is the evidence of recent history without its gaps : historians can still argue about the nature and origin of hitler 's decisions on policy .

Something has been done to help the historian to make sense of this abundance by publishing selections of material on certain important topics .
something has been done to help the historian to make sense of this [lot] by publishing selections of material on certain important topics .

It was to be of great importance to countries like France and Switzerland where a shortage of mineral fuels could be offset by an abundance of hydroelectric power .
it was to be of great importance to countries like france and switzerland where a shortage of mineral fuels could be offset by an [lot] of hydroelectric power .

The role of biotic ( Darwinian ) forces in determining the distribution and abundance of species was largely neglected except by token reference to grazing animals .
the role of biotic ( darwinian ) forces in determining the distribution and [lot] of species was largely neglected except by token reference to grazing animals .

Not only does bamboo grow in abundance but also birch , cinnamon , laurel and cherry trees .
not only does bamboo grow in [lot] but also birch , cinnamon , laurel and cherry trees .

Maybe this is no bad thing , maybe it 's a damned shame ; but whatever your point of view , make no mistake there is quality rock climbing here in abundance .
maybe this is no bad thing , maybe it 's a damned shame ; but whatever your point of view , make no mistake there is quality rock climbing here in [lot] .

There is a jungle region in northern India where there are several more hot springs and here again there seems to be an abundance of helium .
there is a jungle region in northern india where there are several more hot springs and here again there seems to be an [lot] of helium .

This remained only a vague idea until he read the same Soviet paper from the 1970s as Chatterjee had seen and which dealt with the abundance of helium-3 and helium-4 in minerals .
this remained only a vague idea until he read the same soviet paper from the 1970s as chatterjee had seen and which dealt with the [lot] of helium-3 and helium-4 in minerals .

This looked promising : 3 He is produced by fusion , there is an excessive abundance of the substance in volcanic gases so maybe here was the evidence staring him in the face that fusion is taking place among the volcanic rocks .
this looked promising : 3 he is produced by fusion , there is an excessive [lot] of the substance in volcanic gases so maybe here was the evidence staring him in the face that fusion is taking place among the volcanic rocks .

These specimens were sent to Harmon Craig of University of California , San Diego , whose paper on the helium abundance in volcanic atmospheres had stimulated some of Palmer 's early thoughts .
these specimens were sent to harmon craig of university of california , san diego , whose paper on the helium [lot] in volcanic atmospheres had stimulated some of palmer 's early thoughts .

Accusations are in abundance that South Africa 's flat , fast advancing back-line are repeatedly offside .
accusations are in [lot] that south africa 's flat , fast advancing back-line are repeatedly offside .

The women of America responded beyond his wildest dreams , but they may not have been quite so eager to help out if he had n't been blessed with such an abundance of sex appeal .
the women of america responded beyond his wildest dreams , but they may not have been quite so eager to help out if he had n't been blessed with such an [lot] of sex appeal .

This was caused by the sudden interest of the water authorities in privately owned schemes using waterpower which , owing to the abundance of steep-flowing rivers in Wales , were proliferating at quite a rate .
this was caused by the sudden interest of the water authorities in privately owned schemes using waterpower which , owing to the [lot] of steep-flowing rivers in wales , were proliferating at quite a rate .

The concept of the power inherent in knowledge ensures the sharing of this power and the magical skills to guarantee victory to the warrior , abundance to the herdsman and agriculturist , and fecundity to women , etc .
the concept of the power inherent in knowledge ensures the sharing of this power and the magical skills to guarantee victory to the warrior , [lot] to the herdsman and agriculturist , and fecundity to women , etc .

Roots develop in abundance at the nodes on the stems .
roots develop in [lot] at the nodes on the stems .

We know the stuff is about , in abundance .
we know the stuff is about , in [lot] .

Raising £12,000 for charity in a recession demands imagination and determination , two characteristics that the Amersham practice of Wilkins Kennedy have in abundance .
raising £12,000 for charity in a recession demands imagination and determination , two characteristics that the amersham practice of wilkins kennedy have in [lot] .

Direct Method , for example , provides an abundance of comprehensible input : Hand .
direct method , for example , provides an [lot] of comprehensible input : hand .

The abundance and diversity of the plants indicate that the local vegetation was rich in species and , in some seasons , relatively luxuriant .
the [lot] and diversity of the plants indicate that the local vegetation was rich in species and , in some seasons , relatively luxuriant .

Finally , we should comment on the relative abundance of ozone and hydrogen peroxide at Cape Grim .
finally , we should comment on the relative [lot] of ozone and hydrogen peroxide at cape grim .

Their abundance in such sites as Rudabanya , Hungary , and Can Llobateres , Spain , and their wide distribution across the whole of southern Europe , demonstrates a successful adaptation spanning 3–4Myr , but it is not possible with our present knowledge to say what was the basis of this success .
their [lot] in such sites as rudabanya , hungary , and can llobateres , spain , and their wide distribution across the whole of southern europe , demonstrates a successful adaptation spanning 3–4myr , but it is not possible with our present knowledge to say what was the basis of this success .

Thelodonts are usually represented in the fossil record as isolated scales which , because of their abundance , are useful for stratigraphic correlation .
thelodonts are usually represented in the fossil record as isolated scales which , because of their [lot] , are useful for stratigraphic correlation .

All these deposits have attracted wide attention because of the apparent abundance of novel body plans .
all these deposits have attracted wide attention because of the apparent [lot] of novel body plans .

Quaternary variation in carbonate and silica abundance in deep sea sediments is thought to be largely determined by the balance between the surface production of calcium carbonate and its dissolution in the undersaturated deep waters .
quaternary variation in carbonate and silica [lot] in deep sea sediments is thought to be largely determined by the balance between the surface production of calcium carbonate and its dissolution in the undersaturated deep waters .

The Thalassiothrix mat deposits , which are the direct result of surface processes , are therefore clear evidence that surface processes , and not dissolution at depth , controlled many of the major changes in the relative abundance of carbonate and silica during the Neogene at least in the equatorial Pacific .
the thalassiothrix mat deposits , which are the direct result of surface processes , are therefore clear evidence that surface processes , and not dissolution at depth , controlled many of the major changes in the relative [lot] of carbonate and silica during the neogene at least in the equatorial pacific .

In Bali we have barbets , fruit-thrushes and woodpeckers ; on passing over to Lombok these are seen no more , but we have an abundance of cockatoos , honeysuckers and brush-turkeys which are equally unknown in Bali or any island further west .
in bali we have barbets , fruit-thrushes and woodpeckers ; on passing over to lombok these are seen no more , but we have an [lot] of cockatoos , honeysuckers and brush-turkeys which are equally unknown in bali or any island further west .

The abundance of energy , commitment and enthusiasm many black kids manifested in sport contrasted strikingly with the languor they took to their formal education .
the [lot] of energy , commitment and enthusiasm many black kids manifested in sport contrasted strikingly with the languor they took to their formal education .

International representations in athletics came in abundance with Ainsley Bennett , Mike MacFarlane and Daley Thompson and football went through a veritable upsurge in the 1978–9 season with the likes of Viv Anderson , Laurie Cunningham , Cyrille Regis , Garry Thompson providing the vanguard of a train of black first-division players .
international representations in athletics came in [lot] with ainsley bennett , mike macfarlane and daley thompson and football went through a veritable upsurge in the 1978–9 season with the likes of viv anderson , laurie cunningham , cyrille regis , garry thompson providing the vanguard of a train of black first-division players .

The old chestnuts about blacks having weak ankles and heavy bones which militate against their achieving success in swimming still retain credibility in sporting circles , and there are other similar theories in abundance .
the old chestnuts about blacks having weak ankles and heavy bones which militate against their achieving success in swimming still retain credibility in sporting circles , and there are other similar theories in [lot] .

The abundance of such stories amongst black sportsmen indicates clearly that , at the point of exit from school , they had fairly clear and well-rounded conceptions about what lay ahead of them in the world of employment .
the [lot] of such stories amongst black sportsmen indicates clearly that , at the point of exit from school , they had fairly clear and well-rounded conceptions about what lay ahead of them in the world of employment .

The surrogate father guides his protégé through his turbulent teens into his twenties when he develops into a mature and secure sportsman with an abundance of technique and a conviction challenging enough to take him to success .
the surrogate father guides his protégé through his turbulent teens into his twenties when he develops into a mature and secure sportsman with an [lot] of technique and a conviction challenging enough to take him to success .

It would be ridiculous to suggest that black kids who are constantly being geared up by teachers to thrust themselves into sports , do not , at some stage , recognize that there exists a manipulative element : they feel they are regarded as naturally gifted sportsmen ( see Vince Hilaire 's opening quotation ) , but without an abundance of intellectual equipment , who are used for the purposes of bringing prestige to both the individual teacher and the school . Winston McLeod , who played soccer for his school , district , London , Middlesex and West Ham United before a strangulated hernia sustained in a tackle in 1972 effectively finished his football career , reflected on his and other blacks ' experiences with teachers :
it would be ridiculous to suggest that black kids who are constantly being geared up by teachers to thrust themselves into sports , do not , at some stage , recognize that there exists a manipulative element : they feel they are regarded as naturally gifted sportsmen ( see vince hilaire 's opening quotation ) , but without an [lot] of intellectual equipment , who are used for the purposes of bringing prestige to both the individual teacher and the school . winston mcleod , who played soccer for his school , district , london , middlesex and west ham united before a strangulated hernia sustained in a tackle in 1972 effectively finished his football career , reflected on his and other blacks ' experiences with teachers :

Greetings in the lovely name of Jesus , thanking God for you and the abundance of life we have in Jesus .
greetings in the lovely name of jesus , thanking god for you and the [lot] of life we have in jesus .

Instances of dead people brought back to life ( Matt. 10:8 ; Luke 9:2 ; John 11:44 ) were also a sign of the life in abundance which Christ came to bestow ( John 10:10 ) .
instances of dead people brought back to life ( matt. 10:8 ; luke 9:2 ; john 11:44 ) were also a sign of the life in [lot] which christ came to bestow ( john 10:10 ) .

In advanced communism there will be no constraints , no morality required to constrain human freedom , because absolute abundance will make such restraints redundant .
in advanced communism there will be no constraints , no morality required to constrain human freedom , because absolute [lot] will make such restraints redundant .

There was a relative abundance of recent information on the totemic beliefs of the supremely ‘ simple ’ hunting and gathering Australian Aborigines , who were generally regarded as , in Frazer 's phrase , ‘ humanity in the chrysalis stage ’ .
there was a relative [lot] of recent information on the totemic beliefs of the supremely ‘ simple ’ hunting and gathering australian aborigines , who were generally regarded as , in frazer 's phrase , ‘ humanity in the chrysalis stage ’ .

Crabs that live in areas where empty shells are scarce select relatively large shells when given a free choice , compared with crabs living where there is an abundance of empty shells .
crabs that live in areas where empty shells are scarce select relatively large shells when given a free choice , compared with crabs living where there is an [lot] of empty shells .

There is wildlife here in abundance ; deer , wild cats , red squirrels , golden eagles , ospreys and reindeer .
there is wildlife here in [lot] ; deer , wild cats , red squirrels , golden eagles , ospreys and reindeer .

Apart from the abundance of nature to keep you busy , there are several historic and archaeological sites , museums and botanic gardens to visit .
apart from the [lot] of nature to keep you busy , there are several historic and archaeological sites , museums and botanic gardens to visit .

There is rice in abundance , of course : China , Japan , Indonesia , Thailand , Burma , Vietnam and Korea produce ( and then consume ) most of the world 's annual crop of 400 million tons of the grain of Oryza sativa .
there is rice in [lot] , of course : china , japan , indonesia , thailand , burma , vietnam and korea produce ( and then consume ) most of the world 's annual crop of 400 million tons of the grain of oryza sativa .

Her shape descended and she settled herself beside me , in awkward abundance , and my hand reached out to the white pulp of her shoulder .
her shape descended and she settled herself beside me , in awkward [lot] , and my hand reached out to the white pulp of her shoulder .

Working people are found to prefer the immediacy of abundance , a plentiful table proclaiming its sustenance , strong red meats , solid breads and cheeses , an unfussy array of quantity wherever possible .
working people are found to prefer the immediacy of [lot] , a plentiful table proclaiming its sustenance , strong red meats , solid breads and cheeses , an unfussy array of quantity wherever possible .

Perhaps the multitude of coal-pits near the Tyne were beginning to wear that look , and Camden observed in the 1580s that Sussex ‘ is full of iron mines , all over it ; for the casting of which there are furnaces up and down the country , and abundance of wood is yearly spent ; many streams are drawn into one channel , and a great deal of meadow ground is turned into ponds and pools for the driving mills by the flashes , which , beating with hammers upon the iron , fill the neighbourhood round about it , night and day with continual noise .
perhaps the multitude of coal-pits near the tyne were beginning to wear that look , and camden observed in the 1580s that sussex ‘ is full of iron mines , all over it ; for the casting of which there are furnaces up and down the country , and [lot] of wood is yearly spent ; many streams are drawn into one channel , and a great deal of meadow ground is turned into ponds and pools for the driving mills by the flashes , which , beating with hammers upon the iron , fill the neighbourhood round about it , night and day with continual noise .

Built in the eighth century by an unknown Shivite sect , they honour the elephant god Ganeesh — the Hindu patron of , amongst other things , partying , wisdom and jovial abundance .
built in the eighth century by an unknown shivite sect , they honour the elephant god ganeesh — the hindu patron of , amongst other things , partying , wisdom and jovial [lot] .

However , when there is an abundance of food , this allows the obesity tendency to express itself fully .
however , when there is an [lot] of food , this allows the obesity tendency to express itself fully .

Such patterns might be based on prey size , prey distribution , prey abundance or prey value .
such patterns might be based on prey size , prey distribution , prey [lot] or prey value .

1 . Prey Abundance
1 . prey [lot]

The whelks may show frequency independent selection , choosing their favourite food regardless of that species ' relative abundance .
the whelks may show frequency independent selection , choosing their favourite food regardless of that species ' relative [lot] .

The extent to which a predator can dominate its prey must depend in part upon their relative abundance , and the following records are of interest in this context .
the extent to which a predator can dominate its prey must depend in part upon their relative [lot] , and the following records are of interest in this context .

Moore 's argument was based on : ( a ) The lack of pigment in the fresh shell of dogwhelks transferred from mussel-rich shores in North Cornwall to mussel-free shores around Plymouth ( or when kept in mussel-free aquaria ) and ( b ) a high correlation between the occurrence of coloured forms on Cornish shores and the " abundance of Mytilus in the diet " .
moore 's argument was based on : ( a ) the lack of pigment in the fresh shell of dogwhelks transferred from mussel-rich shores in north cornwall to mussel-free shores around plymouth ( or when kept in mussel-free aquaria ) and ( b ) a high correlation between the occurrence of coloured forms on cornish shores and the " [lot] of mytilus in the diet " .

Make a table , ranking the prey species ( a ) in their order of abundance and ( b ) in order of the preference shown for them by the dog-whelks .
make a table , ranking the prey species ( a ) in their order of [lot] and ( b ) in order of the preference shown for them by the dog-whelks .

The easiest way of assessing the abundance of potential prey species is to work out a density value ( number of individuals per square metre of rock surface ) for each one .
the easiest way of assessing the [lot] of potential prey species is to work out a density value ( number of individuals per square metre of rock surface ) for each one .

Wild flowers too are to be found in abundance .
wild flowers too are to be found in [lot] .

Indeed , one might even go so far as to say that , were it not for the ‘ discovery ’ of Siberia 's seemingly inexhaustible resources of ‘ soft gold ’ , that is , an abundance of fur-bearing mammals — in particular the highly-prized sable — the Muscovite government would have been without the economic foundation for the growth of its political power .
indeed , one might even go so far as to say that , were it not for the ‘ discovery ’ of siberia 's seemingly inexhaustible resources of ‘ soft gold ’ , that is , an [lot] of fur-bearing mammals — in particular the highly-prized sable — the muscovite government would have been without the economic foundation for the growth of its political power .

Populations were slightly higher in the wooded taiga zone further south , where the abundance of game , fowl and fish supplied enough food for denser settlement .
populations were slightly higher in the wooded taiga zone further south , where the [lot] of game , fowl and fish supplied enough food for denser settlement .

It is less easily defensible that the practitioners appear to think less deeply about the meaning of the present abundance of data than is the case in many other fields of science .
it is less easily defensible that the practitioners appear to think less deeply about the meaning of the present [lot] of data than is the case in many other fields of science .

They were uniform but occurred in such abundance and could so readily be transported that even when they were taken over as currency they could only serve as a rule for small change .
they were uniform but occurred in such [lot] and could so readily be transported that even when they were taken over as currency they could only serve as a rule for small change .

5–8 Field grown new potatoes were selling at one shilling per stone of 14 lbs , but owing to the abundance of grass there were few cattle at the Bridgend July market .
5–8 field grown new potatoes were selling at one shilling per stone of 14 lbs , but owing to the [lot] of grass there were few cattle at the bridgend july market .

It is a measure of Minton 's professionalism that he continued to meet deadlines and to produce an abundance of work .
it is a measure of minton 's professionalism that he continued to meet deadlines and to produce an [lot] of work .

Many birds deliberately favour some of their young in a way that helps to match the number of babies they rear with the abundance or scarcity of food .
many birds deliberately favour some of their young in a way that helps to match the number of babies they rear with the [lot] or scarcity of food .

There , tiger sharks have gathered , as they do each year awaiting this sudden abundance of food , and they rise with their jaws agape to seize them .
there , tiger sharks have gathered , as they do each year awaiting this sudden [lot] of food , and they rise with their jaws agape to seize them .

Then the eggs the queen has been laying in such abundance begin to hatch into small grubs .
then the eggs the queen has been laying in such [lot] begin to hatch into small grubs .

An Abundance of Birds
an [lot] of birds

Positioned well away from the planned recreational activities , it promised to attract an abundance of wildlife — and so it has turned out .
positioned well away from the planned recreational activities , it promised to attract an [lot] of wildlife — and so it has turned out .

Tiny vivid-green hair streak butterflies in abundance .
tiny vivid-green hair streak butterflies in [lot] .

Bearded ties visit , the bittern booms and , by the sound of it , reed warblers were present in abundance .
bearded ties visit , the bittern booms and , by the sound of it , reed warblers were present in [lot] .

Sited on the top floor of a department store in Kensington High Street , the principal feature of the club was the gardens , which had been planted , literally on the roof , some fifty years before , and grown in prodigious abundance .
sited on the top floor of a department store in kensington high street , the principal feature of the club was the gardens , which had been planted , literally on the roof , some fifty years before , and grown in prodigious [lot] .

Yet , despite the stylistic variety , there is a noticeable abundance of recurrent themes and messages .
yet , despite the stylistic variety , there is a noticeable [lot] of recurrent themes and messages .

Some people worry that feeding the birds is somehow unnatural , but gardens are No more unnatural than much of the British landscape , and the birds which visit our gardens are merely demonstrating the natural behaviour of flocking to exploit the sudden abundance of a source of food , whether it 's a heavy infestation of caterpillars or seeds and nuts put out on the lawn .
some people worry that feeding the birds is somehow unnatural , but gardens are no more unnatural than much of the british landscape , and the birds which visit our gardens are merely demonstrating the natural behaviour of flocking to exploit the sudden [lot] of a source of food , whether it 's a heavy infestation of caterpillars or seeds and nuts put out on the lawn .

The icy Benguela Current that flows along the coast of Namibia provides ideal conditions for hake , pilchards , anchovies and horse mackerel , which normally occur in huge abundance and make Namibia 's territorial waters one of the richest fishing grounds in Africa .
the icy benguela current that flows along the coast of namibia provides ideal conditions for hake , pilchards , anchovies and horse mackerel , which normally occur in huge [lot] and make namibia 's territorial waters one of the richest fishing grounds in africa .

The workshop report also noted that because of the abundance of ‘ … stocks of fish and other prey are subject to considerable fluctuations … [ a ] comparison of fishery yields or stock levels before and after a seal cull would almost certainly not provide a reliable indication of its effect .
the workshop report also noted that because of the [lot] of ‘ … stocks of fish and other prey are subject to considerable fluctuations … [ a ] comparison of fishery yields or stock levels before and after a seal cull would almost certainly not provide a reliable indication of its effect .

the island boasts an abundance of wild life — you will see animals , birds and fish that you have never dreamed of in a setting of luxurious vegetation .
the island boasts an [lot] of wild life — you will see animals , birds and fish that you have never dreamed of in a setting of luxurious vegetation .

Oases are misleadingly named ; they are simply polar desert areas , notable for their absence of ice but not for floristic abundance .
oases are misleadingly named ; they are simply polar desert areas , notable for their absence of ice but not for floristic [lot] .

Measuring chlorophyll a in water samples as an index of phytoplankton abundance , Minns ( 1977 ) found it already plentiful under the ice by mid-May and reaching peak values in late May and June ; Kalff et al .
measuring chlorophyll a in water samples as an index of phytoplankton [lot] , minns ( 1977 ) found it already plentiful under the ice by mid-may and reaching peak values in late may and june ; kalff et al .

They are , for the most part , light entertainments enlivened by mysterious foreigners , odd situations and an abundance of documentary detail deftly manipulated to appear at once familiar and slightly absurd or ominous .
they are , for the most part , light entertainments enlivened by mysterious foreigners , odd situations and an [lot] of documentary detail deftly manipulated to appear at once familiar and slightly absurd or ominous .

Furthermore , the written narratives which constitute the novel are shot through with the vestiges of oral culture : incomplete sentences , a tendency toward verbosity and digression , as well as an abundance of transcriptions of actual dialogue .
furthermore , the written narratives which constitute the novel are shot through with the vestiges of oral culture : incomplete sentences , a tendency toward verbosity and digression , as well as an [lot] of transcriptions of actual dialogue .

What you do need , however , is an abundance of both taste and flavour and enough wholesome substance to relieve your pangs of hunger , and Eastern food delivers the goods every time .
what you do need , however , is an [lot] of both taste and flavour and enough wholesome substance to relieve your pangs of hunger , and eastern food delivers the goods every time .

Accommodation and meals are n't included but you 'll get tea , coffee and humour in abundance .
accommodation and meals are n't included but you 'll get tea , coffee and humour in [lot] .

Some plants harbour their scent until late in the day , when it is released in abundance .
some plants harbour their scent until late in the day , when it is released in [lot] .

Inventive , original and often very funny , Sarah Stewart 's work will be seen in abundance from now on .
inventive , original and often very funny , sarah stewart 's work will be seen in [lot] from now on .

Layouts became standardized and often geometric in design ; wide avenues were punctuated ( latterly ) by roundabouts ; and there was an abundance of open space .
layouts became standardized and often geometric in design ; wide avenues were punctuated ( latterly ) by roundabouts ; and there was an [lot] of open space .

Drude attempted to depict the relative abundance of each species in an area according to a ranking system with categories ranging from ‘ social ’ ( where a single species formed an overall mass ) down to ‘ scarce ’ .
drude attempted to depict the relative [lot] of each species in an area according to a ranking system with categories ranging from ‘ social ’ ( where a single species formed an overall mass ) down to ‘ scarce ’ .

The very word was rich with ambivalence , for yu was phonetically identical with the Han word meaning ‘ abundance ’ .
the very word was rich with ambivalence , for yu was phonetically identical with the han word meaning ‘ [lot] ’ .

Darkness had come prematurely with the deluge , the gloom summoned early by such an abundance of black cloud .
darkness had come prematurely with the deluge , the gloom summoned early by such an [lot] of black cloud .

To begin with , the lake would be of salt water , but as the water from the various rivers flowed into it , it would become fresh and provide an abundance of water for all the country 's foreseeable requirements .
to begin with , the lake would be of salt water , but as the water from the various rivers flowed into it , it would become fresh and provide an [lot] of water for all the country 's foreseeable requirements .

Sobhuza , however , possessed political skills in abundance and he cunningly blended appeal to tribal custom with a capacity to manage economic and social change for his kingdom without weakening his autocratic power base .
sobhuza , however , possessed political skills in [lot] and he cunningly blended appeal to tribal custom with a capacity to manage economic and social change for his kingdom without weakening his autocratic power base .

Leaving Fowlers , in 1871 North settled in Iquique , then growing rapidly as the trading port in nitrates , the natural fertilizer found in abundance in the desert hinterland , where mining works were springing up , though totally dependent on imported machinery and supplies .
leaving fowlers , in 1871 north settled in iquique , then growing rapidly as the trading port in nitrates , the natural fertilizer found in [lot] in the desert hinterland , where mining works were springing up , though totally dependent on imported machinery and supplies .

He published little , but elaborations of his proposals for the exploitation of technical innovation and the regulation of trade are found in abundance in such archives as the Hartlib papers and Shaftesbury papers , and his views were seriously regarded , even though his reputation suffered as a result of a bitter controversy with ( Sir ) William Petty [ q.v . ]
he published little , but elaborations of his proposals for the exploitation of technical innovation and the regulation of trade are found in [lot] in such archives as the hartlib papers and shaftesbury papers , and his views were seriously regarded , even though his reputation suffered as a result of a bitter controversy with ( sir ) william petty [ q.v . ]

what is said is generally grammatically complex and well-structured , with an abundance of function words , prefixes and suffixes ;
what is said is generally grammatically complex and well-structured , with an [lot] of function words , prefixes and suffixes ;

Rich red flowers with bright orange stamens are produced in abundance .
rich red flowers with bright orange stamens are produced in [lot] .

Pentatonic scales ( scales of five notes ) have been used since the pyramids were built ( according to archaeological finds and to musicological deductions from pictures of flute , harp , and lute players ) , and are still used today , in abundance .
pentatonic scales ( scales of five notes ) have been used since the pyramids were built ( according to archaeological finds and to musicological deductions from pictures of flute , harp , and lute players ) , and are still used today , in [lot] .

In other words , the note patterns of a series serve as a stimulus to the imagination , and creative ideas leap to the mind in abundance once we begin to work .
in other words , the note patterns of a series serve as a stimulus to the imagination , and creative ideas leap to the mind in [lot] once we begin to work .

It had indeed been thought that the climate was too severe for wheat to grow further north , but the richness of the soil there , the abundance of river and lake water , and the intensity of the short summer soon exploded this theory .
it had indeed been thought that the climate was too severe for wheat to grow further north , but the richness of the soil there , the [lot] of river and lake water , and the intensity of the short summer soon exploded this theory .

The ground was boggy underfoot , though there was grass in abundance between the trees .
the ground was boggy underfoot , though there was grass in [lot] between the trees .

It seems likely that there was a greater abundance of water in the past , though it is unlikely ever to have been as large as the abundance of water on the Earth .
it seems likely that there was a greater [lot] of water in the past , though it is unlikely ever to have been as large as the [lot] of water on the earth .

Through all these means small bodies can bring to the terrestrial planets volatiles in sufficient abundance to match the observations .
through all these means small bodies can bring to the terrestrial planets volatiles in sufficient [lot] to match the observations .

However , it seems fairly certain that the Moon is depleted in iron with respect to the Earth , not only in iron alone but also in iron-rich compounds because iron and these compounds are too dense to be sufficiently abundant to make up the iron abundance to that of the Earth .
however , it seems fairly certain that the moon is depleted in iron with respect to the earth , not only in iron alone but also in iron-rich compounds because iron and these compounds are too dense to be sufficiently abundant to make up the iron [lot] to that of the earth .

The greater abundance of mare basalts on the mare than in the highlands is not explained in any detail , but the greater variability of rocks within the highlands could be the outcome of the maria impacts which excavated the Moon to large depths and thus brought up a great variety of layers .
the greater [lot] of mare basalts on the mare than in the highlands is not explained in any detail , but the greater variability of rocks within the highlands could be the outcome of the maria impacts which excavated the moon to large depths and thus brought up a great variety of layers .

The greater abundance of mare basalts on the maria , their smaller ages than most highland rocks , the possibility of deriving the highland type rocks and the mare basalts from a common source material in the mantle , and many other compositional relationships , are glossed over in an unsatisfactory manner .
the greater [lot] of mare basalts on the maria , their smaller ages than most highland rocks , the possibility of deriving the highland type rocks and the mare basalts from a common source material in the mantle , and many other compositional relationships , are glossed over in an unsatisfactory manner .

The Moon contains less iron than the Earth , far less volatiles , and , at least on its surface , a greater abundance of refractory materials .
the moon contains less iron than the earth , far less volatiles , and , at least on its surface , a greater [lot] of refractory materials .

This came as no surprise : the lunar-like data outlined above , the small size of Mercury and the corresponding likelihood of little geological activity , the absence of a significant atmosphere , the abundance of craters on Mars , all led to the expectation that Mercury would have craters .
this came as no surprise : the lunar-like data outlined above , the small size of mercury and the corresponding likelihood of little geological activity , the absence of a significant atmosphere , the [lot] of craters on mars , all led to the expectation that mercury would have craters .

Mercury thus contains a much greater abundance of denser materials , the strong implication being that it is rich in metallic iron .
mercury thus contains a much greater [lot] of denser materials , the strong implication being that it is rich in metallic iron .

The latter mode , as you saw in relation to the Earth ( section 2.1.16 ) , has the possible difficulty that the substances which would ultimately form the mantle may lose oxygen to iron , but until the present oxygen abundance of Mercury 's mantle is known it will not be known whether this possible difficulty applies .
the latter mode , as you saw in relation to the earth ( section 2.1.16 ) , has the possible difficulty that the substances which would ultimately form the mantle may lose oxygen to iron , but until the present oxygen [lot] of mercury 's mantle is known it will not be known whether this possible difficulty applies .

In fact the stream ran through Florence Tremayne 's garden which was a wild garden with trees and an abundance of daffodils .
in fact the stream ran through florence tremayne 's garden which was a wild garden with trees and an [lot] of daffodils .

These are some of the 22 species of butterfly which can be seen in abundance all over the farm .
these are some of the 22 species of butterfly which can be seen in [lot] all over the farm .

In these early years , equations similar to the Lorenz system ( Chapter 6 ) { 35 } were written down , both for lasers and masers , but failure to find a practical system in either spectral region which was adequately described by these equations , plus of course the abundance of other avenues opened up by the development of lasers , led to a rather quiescent phase lasting till the resurgence of interest in the late 197Os .
in these early years , equations similar to the lorenz system ( chapter 6 ) { 35 } were written down , both for lasers and masers , but failure to find a practical system in either spectral region which was adequately described by these equations , plus of course the [lot] of other avenues opened up by the development of lasers , led to a rather quiescent phase lasting till the resurgence of interest in the late 197os .

The fruits associated with such dispersers are conspicuous , produced in abundance , and are rather watery , sugary and with little nutritive value , for they have little fat or protein .
the fruits associated with such dispersers are conspicuous , produced in [lot] , and are rather watery , sugary and with little nutritive value , for they have little fat or protein .

These are features of the early successional plants of clearings and forest edge , and , in Europe , would be exemplified by elder , Sambucus nigra ( Caprifoliaceae ) , with its small shiny-black sweet fruits produced in abundance .
these are features of the early successional plants of clearings and forest edge , and , in europe , would be exemplified by elder , sambucus nigra ( caprifoliaceae ) , with its small shiny-black sweet fruits produced in [lot] .

At Cocha Cashu , 12 species provided 80 % of the animal biomass with food and it is argued that the carrying capacity of the forest is governed by the abundance of these species , the most important of them being figs .
at cocha cashu , 12 species provided 80 % of the animal biomass with food and it is argued that the carrying capacity of the forest is governed by the [lot] of these species , the most important of them being figs .

one competitor seeming helpful to another , the abundance of the less palatable leading to increases in abundances and numbers of other species .
one competitor seeming helpful to another , the [lot] of the less palatable leading to increases in abundances and numbers of other species .

Increased clearing in the Ituri forest , Zaire , seems not to have much affected the abundance of 16 out of 19 mammal species examined , though okapi , yellow-back duikers and leopards are less abundant .
increased clearing in the ituri forest , zaire , seems not to have much affected the [lot] of 16 out of 19 mammal species examined , though okapi , yellow-back duikers and leopards are less abundant .

The single-storey grey stone building stood amid fields where vines and figs used to grow in abundance , but which had been left to run wild and were now covered in bright carpets of wild flowers .
the single-storey grey stone building stood amid fields where vines and figs used to grow in [lot] , but which had been left to run wild and were now covered in bright carpets of wild flowers .

The proportion of silica is roughly related to the relative abundance of light-coloured felsic minerals ( quartz and feldspar ) and dark-coloured mafic minerals ( silicates rich in magnesium and iron ) .
the proportion of silica is roughly related to the relative [lot] of light-coloured felsic minerals ( quartz and feldspar ) and dark-coloured mafic minerals ( silicates rich in magnesium and iron ) .

Although the precise mineralogical composition of weathering mantles is influenced by bedrock mineralogy , the effects of variations in precipitation are often evident with the relative abundance of kaolinite , gibbsite and iron and aluminium hydroxides showing a positive correlation with mean annual precipitation ( Fig .
although the precise mineralogical composition of weathering mantles is influenced by bedrock mineralogy , the effects of variations in precipitation are often evident with the relative [lot] of kaolinite , gibbsite and iron and aluminium hydroxides showing a positive correlation with mean annual precipitation ( fig .

In spite of the abundance of shattered rock in hot desert regions and elsewhere , experimental work in the 1930s cast considerable doubt on the efficacy of insolation weathering .
in spite of the [lot] of shattered rock in hot desert regions and elsewhere , experimental work in the 1930s cast considerable doubt on the efficacy of insolation weathering .

On covered surfaces soil and vegetation maintains a continuous presence of moisture on the rock surface while organic decay increases the quantity of organic acids and the abundance of carbon dioxide ; both increase the aggressiveness of the water percolating on to the rock surface .
on covered surfaces soil and vegetation maintains a continuous presence of moisture on the rock surface while organic decay increases the quantity of organic acids and the [lot] of carbon dioxide ; both increase the aggressiveness of the water percolating on to the rock surface .

Paper , and parchment before it , have a long shelf life although acid paper used in abundance after the 1830s did contain the seeds of its own destruction .
paper , and parchment before it , have a long shelf life although acid paper used in [lot] after the 1830s did contain the seeds of its own destruction .

Yes , we do have an abundance of new houses , some of which are beautifully constructed , with large kitchens and gardens — but with one of the worst unemployment records in Western Europe .
yes , we do have an [lot] of new houses , some of which are beautifully constructed , with large kitchens and gardens — but with one of the worst unemployment records in western europe .

In addition we have an abundance of ‘ work units ’ springing up all over West Belfast operating under the control of the Catholic Church with the backing of bodies like the International Fund for Ireland . But for whom is Belfast working ?
in addition we have an [lot] of ‘ work units ’ springing up all over west belfast operating under the control of the catholic church with the backing of bodies like the international fund for ireland . but for whom is belfast working ?

An abundance of crafts , antiques and other goods are on sale and adjacent is the largest livestock mart in Wales .
an [lot] of crafts , antiques and other goods are on sale and adjacent is the largest livestock mart in wales .

The main problem with proving this theory is that , while we have a relative abundance of fossils of human ancestors from the east of the Rift , we have none from the west .
the main problem with proving this theory is that , while we have a relative [lot] of fossils of human ancestors from the east of the rift , we have none from the west .

So why has n't such behaviour been recorded before ? Part of the answer is simply that until very recently , most chimpanzee research was done on captive animals , who lead a very boring life , are often kept apart from other members of their family , and have a constant abundance of food . These are not the best conditions in which to study an animal — certainly , no psychologist would dare to make assumptions about normal human abilities by studying imprisoned young orphans !
so why has n't such behaviour been recorded before ? part of the answer is simply that until very recently , most chimpanzee research was done on captive animals , who lead a very boring life , are often kept apart from other members of their family , and have a constant [lot] of food . these are not the best conditions in which to study an animal — certainly , no psychologist would dare to make assumptions about normal human abilities by studying imprisoned young orphans !

Horses communicate these feelings , and many others , in an abundance of ways : with smell-messages , or pheromones ; by calling to each other ; visually , by general body tone , and by specific movements or expressions ; and through taste and touch .
horses communicate these feelings , and many others , in an [lot] of ways : with smell-messages , or pheromones ; by calling to each other ; visually , by general body tone , and by specific movements or expressions ; and through taste and touch .

By doing so he replaced a philosophical speculation with a detailed description of a process , supported by an abundance of evidence , that could be tested and verified ; and the reality of evolution could no longer be denied .
by doing so he replaced a philosophical speculation with a detailed description of a process , supported by an [lot] of evidence , that could be tested and verified ; and the reality of evolution could no longer be denied .

Only at this late date , about 600 million years ago , did several separate groups of organisms begin to leave records of any abundance by secreting shells .
only at this late date , about 600 million years ago , did several separate groups of organisms begin to leave records of any [lot] by secreting shells .

The great thicknesses of the seams are impressive evidence of the abundance and persistence of the early forests .
the great thicknesses of the seams are impressive evidence of the [lot] and persistence of the early forests .

Here because of the abundance of all forms of life and the richness of food , there is a huge and crowded population .
here because of the [lot] of all forms of life and the richness of food , there is a huge and crowded population .

Obviously , the abundance of offers and the haste to try and cover new ground have led to over-production .
obviously , the [lot] of offers and the haste to try and cover new ground have led to over-production .

An abundance of talent , a hint of sensation
an [lot] of talent , a hint of sensation

Written with verve and an abundance of information and insight , it firmly characterises one of the eighteenth century 's most subtle portraitists .
written with verve and an [lot] of information and insight , it firmly characterises one of the eighteenth century 's most subtle portraitists .

Mental stimulation — of which college studying should provide an abundance .
mental stimulation — of which college studying should provide an [lot] .

Not only has the arid nature of the land inspired successive rulers to create the most exquisite and luxuriant ornamental gardens in their palaces and towns ; it has also spurred generations of textile artists to compensate for the harshness of their environment by weaving emblems of foliate abundance into their rugs .
not only has the arid nature of the land inspired successive rulers to create the most exquisite and luxuriant ornamental gardens in their palaces and towns ; it has also spurred generations of textile artists to compensate for the harshness of their environment by weaving emblems of foliate [lot] into their rugs .

39 ) Design usually based on the formal gardens of ancient Persia , with their abundance of flora separated by pathways and ornamental ponds .
39 ) design usually based on the formal gardens of ancient persia , with their [lot] of flora separated by pathways and ornamental ponds .

( 6 ) Fishes : abundance .
( 6 ) fishes : [lot] .

These days can be spent exploring the town of Aswan , a peaceful place with an abundance of historical sites .
these days can be spent exploring the town of aswan , a peaceful place with an [lot] of historical sites .

Imagine a country overrun with brilliantly-coloured flowers every spring , a national park abounding with wildlife , including bears , deer , caribou and an abundance of birdlife .
imagine a country overrun with brilliantly-coloured flowers every spring , a national park abounding with wildlife , including bears , deer , caribou and an [lot] of birdlife .

By 1865 , over 130 lace making factories were producing this delicate fabric on machines powered by the abundance of local coal .
by 1865 , over 130 lace making factories were producing this delicate fabric on machines powered by the [lot] of local coal .

The proportion of output given up varied according to such factors as region , land quality and time , some allowance being made for the abundance of the harvest .
the proportion of output given up varied according to such factors as region , land quality and time , some allowance being made for the [lot] of the harvest .

Perception is that process by which the individual organizes an abundance of information ( stimuli ) into meaningful patterns .
perception is that process by which the individual organizes an [lot] of information ( stimuli ) into meaningful patterns .

The classic conditions for enserfment were created : an abundance of land and a dearth of labourers .
the classic conditions for enserfment were created : an [lot] of land and a dearth of labourers .

The sheer abundance of the commercial use of Bruce Weber 's imagery brings us to another feature of the selection here .
the sheer [lot] of the commercial use of bruce weber 's imagery brings us to another feature of the selection here .

Simply put , during waking consciousness there is a demand by the alert cortex for perceptual information from the senses , and the senses provide an abundance , which is mostly disregarded as only topically relevant information is attended to .
simply put , during waking consciousness there is a demand by the alert cortex for perceptual information from the senses , and the senses provide an [lot] , which is mostly disregarded as only topically relevant information is attended to .

They should have an abundance of curiosity and a natural desire to find out about new things .
they should have an [lot] of curiosity and a natural desire to find out about new things .

In complex and highly differentiated societies there is such an abundance of different sorts of skills and knowledge which one might learn that a reliance on informal means for their successful acquisition would be useless .
in complex and highly differentiated societies there is such an [lot] of different sorts of skills and knowledge which one might learn that a reliance on informal means for their successful acquisition would be useless .

For Marx , the growth of industry promised wealth and abundance for all , but because industry had so far developed in a capitalistic way , the new-found wealth was monopolised by one class , while the mass of the working people were made poorer , not richer , by the advances in production .
for marx , the growth of industry promised wealth and [lot] for all , but because industry had so far developed in a capitalistic way , the new-found wealth was monopolised by one class , while the mass of the working people were made poorer , not richer , by the advances in production .

Every arms merchant worth his salt is now ready to re-arm the Gulf after the war , and never has there been a greater abundance of lethal hardware to choose from .
every arms merchant worth his salt is now ready to re-arm the gulf after the war , and never has there been a greater [lot] of lethal hardware to choose from .

But although devastating historical judgements such as these can be found in abundance amidst the speculations of the ‘ law-and-order ’ movement , the urgency of Britain 's contemporary predicament insists that a much more abbreviated timescale is often used to describe the rapidity of the descent into lawlessness .
but although devastating historical judgements such as these can be found in [lot] amidst the speculations of the ‘ law-and-order ’ movement , the urgency of britain 's contemporary predicament insists that a much more abbreviated timescale is often used to describe the rapidity of the descent into lawlessness .

Unfortunately , such abundance proved too much for my companions who discovered a white Mercurey ‘ 88 which they insisted would be an experience well worth the £22 price tag .
unfortunately , such [lot] proved too much for my companions who discovered a white mercurey ‘ 88 which they insisted would be an experience well worth the £22 price tag .

It 's grown into a different shape over the years , ’ she says of the abundance of jugs , pebbles , paintings ( almost all done by members of the family ) , china , and even animal skulls , which jostle each other to form displays everywhere you look .
it 's grown into a different shape over the years , ’ she says of the [lot] of jugs , pebbles , paintings ( almost all done by members of the family ) , china , and even animal skulls , which jostle each other to form displays everywhere you look .

There are nature walks through woodland at Snipe Dales , Kenwick woods and Bardney Forest , famous for its abundance of the uncommon small-leaved lime .
there are nature walks through woodland at snipe dales , kenwick woods and bardney forest , famous for its [lot] of the uncommon small-leaved lime .

There is not an abundance of thatched cottages in the wolds , but those that do exist are real gems .
there is not an [lot] of thatched cottages in the wolds , but those that do exist are real gems .

All the typical woodland flowers can be found here in abundance , including serene displays of lily of the valley .
all the typical woodland flowers can be found here in [lot] , including serene displays of lily of the valley .

Whatever your kind of break , the abundance of things to see and do makes Brighton & Hove the right place to head for any time of year .
whatever your kind of break , the [lot] of things to see and do makes brighton & hove the right place to head for any time of year .

Surrounded by gardens , the hotel has its own large pool flanked by an abundance of tables and chairs shaded by colourful awnings and served by the bar .
surrounded by gardens , the hotel has its own large pool flanked by an [lot] of tables and chairs shaded by colourful awnings and served by the bar .

Marche is blessed with an abundance of golden beaches and resorts packed with up-to-the-minute facilities and entertainment .
marche is blessed with an [lot] of golden beaches and resorts packed with up-to-the-minute facilities and entertainment .

Calabria produces an abundance of red and white wines — top name among them is Ciro .
calabria produces an [lot] of red and white wines — top name among them is ciro .

Some are on split levels , all are comfortable , full of atmosphere , and boasting an abundance of beautiful furniture and rafted ceilings .
some are on split levels , all are comfortable , full of atmosphere , and boasting an [lot] of beautiful furniture and rafted ceilings .

Fear not , for excellent runners are once more in abundance and arms , should they be feeling the angle , need only last a few layaway moves to gain larger holds in the base of the slim upper groove .
fear not , for excellent runners are once more in [lot] and arms , should they be feeling the angle , need only last a few layaway moves to gain larger holds in the base of the slim upper groove .

Stainforth 's success rests on three qualities he possesses in abundance .
stainforth 's success rests on three qualities he possesses in [lot] .

That level of professionalism is the second quality Gordon has in abundance .
that level of professionalism is the second quality gordon has in [lot] .

Testimony that it continues to flourish was in abundance at its latest three-day manifestation in Worcester College of Higher Education on the theme of Cultures for Change .
testimony that it continues to flourish was in [lot] at its latest three-day manifestation in worcester college of higher education on the theme of cultures for change .

There was a smell of methane , and his sensory equipment indicated an over abundance of hydrogen and nitrous monoxide .
there was a smell of methane , and his sensory equipment indicated an over [lot] of hydrogen and nitrous monoxide .

In the confined space Owen was powerfully aware of the heavy smell of body oil which , like many Egyptians , Mordecai used in abundance .
in the confined space owen was powerfully aware of the heavy smell of body oil which , like many egyptians , mordecai used in [lot] .

Stores were ample but plain : cans of soup in abundance ; simple , frozen meals for one ; large stocks of beefburgers and frozen peas ; and of course — Pooley being Pooley — a great deal of muesli , yoghurt and fresh fruit .
stores were ample but plain : cans of soup in [lot] ; simple , frozen meals for one ; large stocks of beefburgers and frozen peas ; and of course — pooley being pooley — a great deal of muesli , yoghurt and fresh fruit .

In the mid fifteenth century Sir John Fortescue claimed that the English were richer than the French , that they normally drank ale instead of water and ate all kinds of flesh and fish in abundance ( 10 , pp.86–7 ) .
in the mid fifteenth century sir john fortescue claimed that the english were richer than the french , that they normally drank ale instead of water and ate all kinds of flesh and fish in [lot] ( 10 , pp.86–7 ) .

Besides unnecessary non-data-ink , figure 1 shows an abundance of flaws .
besides unnecessary non-data-ink , figure 1 shows an [lot] of flaws .

Among the innumerable classical sites that grace the landscape of south-western Turkey and those excavated in the Mediterranean basin in recent years , Aphrodisias has rightfully earned a reputation for the importance , abundance and quality of its discoveries .
among the innumerable classical sites that grace the landscape of south-western turkey and those excavated in the mediterranean basin in recent years , aphrodisias has rightfully earned a reputation for the importance , [lot] and quality of its discoveries .

Books by , and about , lesbians have been in comparative abundance in the last 5 years or so but it 's debatable whether this literary output has served as insular affirmations or taken lesbian sexuality a little further down the road of acceptance .
books by , and about , lesbians have been in comparative [lot] in the last 5 years or so but it 's debatable whether this literary output has served as insular affirmations or taken lesbian sexuality a little further down the road of acceptance .

The research identifies the areas in which they have survived in sufficient abundance to form the basis of a nationwide sample survey designed to illustrate changes in the level , composition and distribution of household wealth in the centuries leading up to the Industrial Revolution .
the research identifies the areas in which they have survived in sufficient [lot] to form the basis of a nationwide sample survey designed to illustrate changes in the level , composition and distribution of household wealth in the centuries leading up to the industrial revolution .

Blessed with talent and power in abundance , she seems to lack application on the big occasions .
blessed with talent and power in [lot] , she seems to lack application on the big occasions .

When the pears are in flower , bees and the other pollinating insects must be present in abundance and busy — this means calm , sunny warmth .
when the pears are in flower , bees and the other pollinating insects must be present in [lot] and busy — this means calm , sunny warmth .

The abundance of such papers , estimated by the American Geological Institute , was at that time ( 1969 ) between two and five per cent of the geological literature , whereas their impact on readers was about ten times higher .
the [lot] of such papers , estimated by the american geological institute , was at that time ( 1969 ) between two and five per cent of the geological literature , whereas their impact on readers was about ten times higher .

This explains the abundance of deltaic sediments in the stratigraphical record of the continental areas , but one must also expect that such sediments will either not exceed a critical maximum thickness , such as that suggested above , or they must have been deposited in a tectonically subsiding trough .
this explains the [lot] of deltaic sediments in the stratigraphical record of the continental areas , but one must also expect that such sediments will either not exceed a critical maximum thickness , such as that suggested above , or they must have been deposited in a tectonically subsiding trough .

If the chosen section has the greatest possible diversity and abundance of rapidly evolving fossils , we can then hope for the greatest possible number of different means for correlation .
if the chosen section has the greatest possible diversity and [lot] of rapidly evolving fossils , we can then hope for the greatest possible number of different means for correlation .

To Joyce 's eyes it seemed she `` Always had an abundance of confidence .
to joyce 's eyes it seemed she `` always had an [lot] of confidence .

If her dedication to the Salvation Army had faltered there would have been an abundance of other openings .
if her dedication to the salvation army had faltered there would have been an [lot] of other openings .

In this respect , the northwestern provinces possessed a distinct advantage over the Mediterranean regions ; here there was an abundance of navigable rivers , while Britain in particular had easy access to coastal transport .
in this respect , the northwestern provinces possessed a distinct advantage over the mediterranean regions ; here there was an [lot] of navigable rivers , while britain in particular had easy access to coastal transport .

Limited supplies of fruit and vegetables must have been available , while an abundance of natural fruits and nuts could have been gathered in season , for either home consumption or for sale in the local market .
limited supplies of fruit and vegetables must have been available , while an [lot] of natural fruits and nuts could have been gathered in season , for either home consumption or for sale in the local market .

One recent line of research has involved the investigation of pottery distributions as a possible indicator of a town 's market area , partly because of its abundance and partly because it has been observed that pottery was not normally dispersed through permanent retail outlets .
one recent line of research has involved the investigation of pottery distributions as a possible indicator of a town 's market area , partly because of its [lot] and partly because it has been observed that pottery was not normally dispersed through permanent retail outlets .

Although there is an abundance of pre-digitised art commercially available , it is far better to produce your own pictures which are directly relevant to the text and not just illustrations .
although there is an [lot] of pre-digitised art commercially available , it is far better to produce your own pictures which are directly relevant to the text and not just illustrations .

Nothing that had happened recently had caused her pain , she told herself adamantly — anger certainly , and annoyance in abundance , but not pain .
nothing that had happened recently had caused her pain , she told herself adamantly — anger certainly , and annoyance in [lot] , but not pain .

The writing is straightforward and generally very accessible , although it is sometimes prone to metaphorical entanglements in discussions of the big picture , Spider lovers will enjoy an amazing abundance of spidery puns ; the title is only the beginning .
the writing is straightforward and generally very accessible , although it is sometimes prone to metaphorical entanglements in discussions of the big picture , spider lovers will enjoy an amazing [lot] of spidery puns ; the title is only the beginning .

He did not have far to go to find an enthralling abundance of birds .
he did not have far to go to find an enthralling [lot] of birds .

The area was crawling with caterpillars , upon which vast flocks of birds — including the beautiful straw-necked ibises — descended , and , in their wake , hundreds of hawks of three or four different species hovered , attracted by the sudden abundance of prey .
the area was crawling with caterpillars , upon which vast flocks of birds — including the beautiful straw-necked ibises — descended , and , in their wake , hundreds of hawks of three or four different species hovered , attracted by the sudden [lot] of prey .

Many necessities of life were hard to find or more expensive than before the war ; even motor fuels , derived from the one substance the country possessed in abundance , rose in price as the war pursued its course .
many necessities of life were hard to find or more expensive than before the war ; even motor fuels , derived from the one substance the country possessed in [lot] , rose in price as the war pursued its course .

All areas have a few stone buildings which were of vital importance but , in a district like northern England or Normandy , where stone is easily accessible and in abundance , understanding of construction in masonry developed much earlier .
all areas have a few stone buildings which were of vital importance but , in a district like northern england or normandy , where stone is easily accessible and in [lot] , understanding of construction in masonry developed much earlier .

Only the interior ribbed vaults are Gothic , and the abundance of fine sculpture both on the exterior and inside .
only the interior ribbed vaults are gothic , and the [lot] of fine sculpture both on the exterior and inside .

Topless and nude , ladies are strewn in abundance on a hilly grass beach and in the sunken leaves below the lifeguard .
topless and nude , ladies are strewn in [lot] on a hilly grass beach and in the sunken leaves below the lifeguard .

Harmony in abundance
harmony in [lot]

Abundance , even superfluity , is the key to Chinese hospitality .
[lot] , even superfluity , is the key to chinese hospitality .

Reluctantly , Lucy had packed a small suitcase and had driven the four-hour journey to Hastings , a city situated in the centre of the fertile Heretuanga plains of Hawke 's Bay , where fruit and vegetables grew in abundance .
reluctantly , lucy had packed a small suitcase and had driven the four-hour journey to hastings , a city situated in the centre of the fertile heretuanga plains of hawke 's bay , where fruit and vegetables grew in [lot] .

Booze we had in abundance .
booze we had in [lot] .

‘ Please do n't say no , ’ said the producer , who produces nothing if not charm in abundance , especially over three thousand miles when you 're hungry for a closed vowel sound .
‘ please do n't say no , ’ said the producer , who produces nothing if not charm in [lot] , especially over three thousand miles when you 're hungry for a closed vowel sound .

Temporal variations of solid concentrations at that level indicate the relative abundance of particles whose diameters may be calculated .
temporal variations of solid concentrations at that level indicate the relative [lot] of particles whose diameters may be calculated .

If no more than the contents of medium silt , fine silt or clay are required , aliquots may be withdrawn after the appropriate time intervals and the relative abundance calculated from differences in weights of suspension in each .
if no more than the contents of medium silt , fine silt or clay are required , aliquots may be withdrawn after the appropriate time intervals and the relative [lot] calculated from differences in weights of suspension in each .

Logic he could no doubt purvey in abundance , but of true feeling he was entirely bereft .
logic he could no doubt purvey in [lot] , but of true feeling he was entirely bereft .

Wriggle at their mother 's abundance .
wriggle at their mother 's [lot] .

’ He was walking purposefully through into the garden , a huge lawn with an abundance of mimosa and roses , and untamed greenery bordering the edges .
’ he was walking purposefully through into the garden , a huge lawn with an [lot] of mimosa and roses , and untamed greenery bordering the edges .

It had a cellar-like quality about it , with its abundance of wine bottles everywhere , some of them looking quite ancient .
it had a cellar-like quality about it , with its [lot] of wine bottles everywhere , some of them looking quite ancient .

This meadowland or mead land was usually low-lying and damp for much of the year , but it produced an abundance of grass which was cut for hay .
this meadowland or mead land was usually low-lying and damp for much of the year , but it produced an [lot] of grass which was cut for hay .

It could be argued that this is a prime example of what has been termed the ‘ Matthew Effect ’ — ‘ For unto every one that hath shall be given , and he shall have abundance : but from him that hath not shall be taken away even that which he hath .
it could be argued that this is a prime example of what has been termed the ‘ matthew effect ’ — ‘ for unto every one that hath shall be given , and he shall have [lot] : but from him that hath not shall be taken away even that which he hath .

The abundance of such papers , estimated by the American Geological Institute , was at that time ( 1969 ) between two and five per cent of the geological literature , whereas their impact on readers was about ten times higher .
the [lot] of such papers , estimated by the american geological institute , was at that time ( 1969 ) between two and five per cent of the geological literature , whereas their impact on readers was about ten times higher .

While experience may show that certain tasks were not as good discriminators as others there is likely to be an abundance of evidence over the three-year period for teachers to use .
while experience may show that certain tasks were not as good discriminators as others there is likely to be an [lot] of evidence over the three-year period for teachers to use .

Fortunately , most local record offices contain an abundance of sources for local history , going back at least two hundred years .
fortunately , most local record offices contain an [lot] of sources for local history , going back at least two hundred years .

An abundance of white marble may suggest luxury , but marble is porous and needs careful cleaning to avoid dinginess , while marble floors are icy to bare feet .
an [lot] of white marble may suggest luxury , but marble is porous and needs careful cleaning to avoid dinginess , while marble floors are icy to bare feet .

Dr Obelkevich in a detailed study of rural Lincolnshire has shown that the `` religious realm `` of the rural poor reached beyond Christianity to `` encompass an abundance of pagan magic and superstition `` which was integrated with a Christian doctrine itself not left unchanged as it passed from church to cottage .
dr obelkevich in a detailed study of rural lincolnshire has shown that the `` religious realm `` of the rural poor reached beyond christianity to `` encompass an [lot] of pagan magic and superstition `` which was integrated with a christian doctrine itself not left unchanged as it passed from church to cottage .

Abundance thus rapidly acquired by those who were ignorant of its proper application hastened the progress of luxury and licentiousness , and the lower orders were almost universally corrupted by profusion and depravity scarcely to be credited by those who are strangers to our district .
[lot] thus rapidly acquired by those who were ignorant of its proper application hastened the progress of luxury and licentiousness , and the lower orders were almost universally corrupted by profusion and depravity scarcely to be credited by those who are strangers to our district .

Furthermore , the histamine synthesising enzyme , histidine decarboxylase , and the histidine decarboxylase mRNA abundance are regulated by gastrin .
furthermore , the histamine synthesising enzyme , histidine decarboxylase , and the histidine decarboxylase mrna [lot] are regulated by gastrin .

Less and less did Nonconformists like to have it said of them as was said of the Primitive Methodist evangelist and erstwhile coal-miner , James Flanagan , ‘ He waited not for an abundance of knowledge but used what he possessed ’ .
less and less did nonconformists like to have it said of them as was said of the primitive methodist evangelist and erstwhile coal-miner , james flanagan , ‘ he waited not for an [lot] of knowledge but used what he possessed ’ .

Alfred Rowland told Nonconformists in 1898 that they were ‘ sadly deficient in reverence ’ , while some services were marked by ‘ downright vulgarity ’ and an abundance of chattering and unpunctuality which often indicated a ‘ lack of inward reverence and true spirituality ’ .
alfred rowland told nonconformists in 1898 that they were ‘ sadly deficient in reverence ’ , while some services were marked by ‘ downright vulgarity ’ and an [lot] of chattering and unpunctuality which often indicated a ‘ lack of inward reverence and true spirituality ’ .

The abundance of records enabled Hipparchus to use the properties of similar triangles and sine tables to calculate the diameter of the Earth and the distance of the Moon with amazing accuracy , to within a few miles of today 's agreed figures .
the [lot] of records enabled hipparchus to use the properties of similar triangles and sine tables to calculate the diameter of the earth and the distance of the moon with amazing accuracy , to within a few miles of today 's agreed figures .

Pebbles had all three in abundance , and these would counter her doubtful stamina .
pebbles had all three in [lot] , and these would counter her doubtful stamina .

Kylie 's support for the green crusade was formed during her childhood years growing up surrounded by the abundance of natural beauty in her native land .
kylie 's support for the green crusade was formed during her childhood years growing up surrounded by the [lot] of natural beauty in her native land .

So he marked it with a paperclip for copying , put it back in its manila folder , ‘ wiped off all my fingerprints ’ , and hid it ‘ out of an abundance of caution ’ in the stack of other papers to be copied .
so he marked it with a paperclip for copying , put it back in its manila folder , ‘ wiped off all my fingerprints ’ , and hid it ‘ out of an [lot] of caution ’ in the stack of other papers to be copied .

The image of the phallus was not lewd to them but a daily reminder of abundance , happiness and the generative power of the life force .
the image of the phallus was not lewd to them but a daily reminder of [lot] , happiness and the generative power of the life force .

It is rare to find such a large and well-preserved painting from classical times , and it shows , as one might expect , that classical painters were as skilled as the sculptors , whose often unsurpassed work has understandably survived in greater abundance .
it is rare to find such a large and well-preserved painting from classical times , and it shows , as one might expect , that classical painters were as skilled as the sculptors , whose often unsurpassed work has understandably survived in greater [lot] .

These might be seen as representing early ‘ experiments ’ in dolphin lifestyles that did not persist , despite the abundance of the species involved .
these might be seen as representing early ‘ experiments ’ in dolphin lifestyles that did not persist , despite the [lot] of the species involved .

There is no reliable estimate of abundance for the franciscana , although the incidental gill-net kill of tens of thousands of dolphins over the last 30 years has undoubtedly significantly reduced the total population .
there is no reliable estimate of [lot] for the franciscana , although the incidental gill-net kill of tens of thousands of dolphins over the last 30 years has undoubtedly significantly reduced the total population .

Because there are no reliable estimates for the abundance of any of the small cetacean species exploited in Peru , the impact on the dolphin and porpoise populations in the area , or how much longer they can withstand the pressure , can not be assessed .
because there are no reliable estimates for the [lot] of any of the small cetacean species exploited in peru , the impact on the dolphin and porpoise populations in the area , or how much longer they can withstand the pressure , can not be assessed .

The combination of global warming and the increasing damage to the ozone layer will undoubtedly have profound effects on ocean productivity , currents and upwellings and will result in changes in the abundance and distribution of many marine species .
the combination of global warming and the increasing damage to the ozone layer will undoubtedly have profound effects on ocean productivity , currents and upwellings and will result in changes in the [lot] and distribution of many marine species .

Abundance of it represented laughter and joy ; scarcity represented suffering and even death .
[lot] of it represented laughter and joy ; scarcity represented suffering and even death .

Abundance often lies less than half a day 's jet flight from starvation .
[lot] often lies less than half a day 's jet flight from starvation .

Even the inner-city property sites of National Carriers did not look very tempting once it became clear there was an abundance of that kind of property on offer .
even the inner-city property sites of national carriers did not look very tempting once it became clear there was an [lot] of that kind of property on offer .

Several of his productions , including ‘ Cavalleria Rusticana ’ and ‘ Tosca ’ , are still in the repertory — sweeping realist interpretations with an abundance of arresting stage pictures .
several of his productions , including ‘ cavalleria rusticana ’ and ‘ tosca ’ , are still in the repertory — sweeping realist interpretations with an [lot] of arresting stage pictures .

The abundance of mobile living rooms is clear from the firm 's own client base .
the [lot] of mobile living rooms is clear from the firm 's own client base .

Such is the abundance of heroin that prices are falling in Pakistan , with alarming implications for the West .
such is the [lot] of heroin that prices are falling in pakistan , with alarming implications for the west .

Llanelli were indebted to Tony Copsey , who won an abundance of ball in the middle of the line-out , while the young Scott Quinnell , son of Derek , had a storming game at No 8 and looks destined to play international rugby .
llanelli were indebted to tony copsey , who won an [lot] of ball in the middle of the line-out , while the young scott quinnell , son of derek , had a storming game at no 8 and looks destined to play international rugby .

Rangers had them in abundance , none greater than Nigel Spackman , one of their foreigners .
rangers had them in [lot] , none greater than nigel spackman , one of their foreigners .

He then summarised the party 's policies as ‘ growth and abundance in the economy , education for higher consciousness … and a foreign policy nourishing to all nations ’ .
he then summarised the party 's policies as ‘ growth and [lot] in the economy , education for higher consciousness … and a foreign policy nourishing to all nations ’ .

Some of these early nautiloids occurred in such abundance that they are conspicuous enough to form an appreciable part of limestone formations — the ‘ Orthoceras Limestone ’ ( Ordovician ) is one of these , widely distributed through Scandinavia .
some of these early nautiloids occurred in such [lot] that they are conspicuous enough to form an appreciable part of limestone formations — the ‘ orthoceras limestone ’ ( ordovician ) is one of these , widely distributed through scandinavia .

These are a group of extremely primitive molluscs , which are found in any abundance only in Lower Palaeozoic rocks .
these are a group of extremely primitive molluscs , which are found in any [lot] only in lower palaeozoic rocks .

Even fish remains are rather local , and do not adequately reflect the abundance of a group that has occupied the seas for more than 400 million years .
even fish remains are rather local , and do not adequately reflect the [lot] of a group that has occupied the seas for more than 400 million years .

Considering their abundance in the oceans and rivers today , bony fish fossils are rather rare , and poorly reflect their true importance .
considering their [lot] in the oceans and rivers today , bony fish fossils are rather rare , and poorly reflect their true importance .

In many localities graptolites are the only fossils to be found , but they occur in abundance .
in many localities graptolites are the only fossils to be found , but they occur in [lot] .

An abundance of sunbeds around the most spectacular pool you 'll ever see beckon you to unwind with the gentle lapping of the sea as background music .
an [lot] of sunbeds around the most spectacular pool you 'll ever see beckon you to unwind with the gentle lapping of the sea as background music .

Peace and quiet are to be found in abundance here with the lovely narrow streets being totally traffic free , apart from the odd herd of cows being led down the street by their mountain cowherd .
peace and quiet are to be found in [lot] here with the lovely narrow streets being totally traffic free , apart from the odd herd of cows being led down the street by their mountain cowherd .

Sports : Seefeld has these in abundance !
sports : seefeld has these in [lot] !

Situated in the centre of West Kissimmee , the Famous Host Inn is just opposite the lively ‘ Old Town ’ with its popular night club , Little Darlings , and an abundance of gift shops and hamburger joints .
situated in the centre of west kissimmee , the famous host inn is just opposite the lively ‘ old town ’ with its popular night club , little darlings , and an [lot] of gift shops and hamburger joints .

We 've chosen the south coast again as our base for summer '90 — a paradise for both sun worshippers and night owls with its fantastic weather and abundance of night life .
we 've chosen the south coast again as our base for summer '90 — a paradise for both sun worshippers and night owls with its fantastic weather and [lot] of night life .

The South , where we are based , is a holidaymaker 's paradise with its fantastic wide , sandy beaches , sports facilities galore , high quality modern accommodation and an abundance of night-spots .
the south , where we are based , is a holidaymaker 's paradise with its fantastic wide , sandy beaches , sports facilities galore , high quality modern accommodation and an [lot] of night-spots .

The apartments are surrounded by an abundance of bars and restaurants and a ten to fifteen minute walk will take you into the town centre and the nightlife .
the apartments are surrounded by an [lot] of bars and restaurants and a ten to fifteen minute walk will take you into the town centre and the nightlife .

The amazing ‘ Street of Much Music ’ , with it 's abundance of colourful bars and restaurants is only 10–15 metres away , as is the beach where you can take advantage of your free beach mat and cultivate those tans ready to show them off at some of Kos town 's brilliant night-clubs , also 15 minutes away .
the amazing ‘ street of much music ’ , with it 's [lot] of colourful bars and restaurants is only 10–15 metres away , as is the beach where you can take advantage of your free beach mat and cultivate those tans ready to show them off at some of kos town 's brilliant night-clubs , also 15 minutes away .

Although at first sight , the great abundance of bogs and freshwater lochs on the Outer Hebrides suggests an abundance of suitable sites for palaeoecological studies , on closer examination several are unsuitable for detailed investigation .
although at first sight , the great [lot] of bogs and freshwater lochs on the outer hebrides suggests an [lot] of suitable sites for palaeoecological studies , on closer examination several are unsuitable for detailed investigation .

The definition of a community does not include any features of the habitat ; it depends on the frequency and abundance of species only .
the definition of a community does not include any features of the habitat ; it depends on the frequency and [lot] of species only .

These spatial arrangements are interpretable as ( i ) adaptations of individuals to the fluctuating availability of the dietary items , ( ii ) the fact that the size and local density of fruits encourage joint exploitation in parties , and ( iii ) to conditions of food abundance that periodically allow greater social activity , formation of male parties , and group territoriality .
these spatial arrangements are interpretable as ( i ) adaptations of individuals to the fluctuating availability of the dietary items , ( ii ) the fact that the size and local density of fruits encourage joint exploitation in parties , and ( iii ) to conditions of food [lot] that periodically allow greater social activity , formation of male parties , and group territoriality .

The cost of having a large male feeding together with females and young on the same resources is probably not great given the even distribution of food and its abundance .
the cost of having a large male feeding together with females and young on the same resources is probably not great given the even distribution of food and its [lot] .

We want to protect our most beautiful landscapes , conserve the abundance and variety of our wildlife and habitats , promote access and public enjoyment of the countryside , and encourage public participation in caring for the countryside .
we want to protect our most beautiful landscapes , conserve the [lot] and variety of our wildlife and habitats , promote access and public enjoyment of the countryside , and encourage public participation in caring for the countryside .

Where sounds of humanity are muffled by the absorbent tranquillity , where vegetative abundance struggles in mysterious thickets and leaf-thatched tunnels , and moss-veiled statues stand transfixed listening for the echoing revelry of a party that ended centuries ago .
where sounds of humanity are muffled by the absorbent tranquillity , where vegetative [lot] struggles in mysterious thickets and leaf-thatched tunnels , and moss-veiled statues stand transfixed listening for the echoing revelry of a party that ended centuries ago .

Michelle has an abundance of waist-length hair and although she was prepared for a radical cut , Patrick recommended keeping the length but blunt-cutting it to a clean , straight line : ‘ You do n't have to have mountains cut off to look different , ’ he said .
michelle has an [lot] of waist-length hair and although she was prepared for a radical cut , patrick recommended keeping the length but blunt-cutting it to a clean , straight line : ‘ you do n't have to have mountains cut off to look different , ’ he said .

Which is the greatest of these great men who differ so much from one another ? Each must decide as he pleases , according to whether his temperament urges him to prefer the prolific , radiant , almost jovial abundance of Rubens ; the mild dignity and eurhythmic order of Raphael ; the paradisal — one might almost say the afternoon colour of Veronese ; the austere and strained severity of David ; or the dramatic and almost literary rhetoric of Lebrun .
which is the greatest of these great men who differ so much from one another ? each must decide as he pleases , according to whether his temperament urges him to prefer the prolific , radiant , almost jovial [lot] of rubens ; the mild dignity and eurhythmic order of raphael ; the paradisal — one might almost say the afternoon colour of veronese ; the austere and strained severity of david ; or the dramatic and almost literary rhetoric of lebrun .

In 1988 Courage 's Head of Design disdainfully referred to such ramshackle , unplanned buildings as ‘ an abundance of licensed living rooms ’ ; many of his contemporaries have enthusiastically destroyed the internal room plan of such cosy and comfortable buildings in order to install in its place a series of short flights between ascending levels — an increasingly common solution originally devised by pub designer Roy Wilson-Smith in the 1970s .
in 1988 courage 's head of design disdainfully referred to such ramshackle , unplanned buildings as ‘ an [lot] of licensed living rooms ’ ; many of his contemporaries have enthusiastically destroyed the internal room plan of such cosy and comfortable buildings in order to install in its place a series of short flights between ascending levels — an increasingly common solution originally devised by pub designer roy wilson-smith in the 1970s .

Notes that arabesque around the magnificent abundance of trees in the wind , shaking sea-grey , spring-green , ashen-blue .
notes that arabesque around the magnificent [lot] of trees in the wind , shaking sea-grey , spring-green , ashen-blue .

The men 's final began in truly exciting style with an abundance of winning shots on both sides and looked to be a most promising match until play had to be suspended at 3–2 .
the men 's final began in truly exciting style with an [lot] of winning shots on both sides and looked to be a most promising match until play had to be suspended at 3–2 .

And higher still we ascended , by thinking inwardly and speaking and marvelling at your works , and we came to our minds and transcended them to reach that region of unfailing abundance where you feed Israel forever on the food of truth .
and higher still we ascended , by thinking inwardly and speaking and marvelling at your works , and we came to our minds and transcended them to reach that region of unfailing [lot] where you feed israel forever on the food of truth .

One of the psalms speaks of the abundance which God gives to us :
one of the psalms speaks of the [lot] which god gives to us :

They feast on the abundance of your house ; you give them drink from your river of delight .
they feast on the [lot] of your house ; you give them drink from your river of delight .

One quality Oxford possessed in abundance , though , was spirit , which enabled them to claw their way back .
one quality oxford possessed in [lot] , though , was spirit , which enabled them to claw their way back .

Their ‘ Croscill ’ and ‘ Jenny Wren ’ ranges epitomise the traditional style ; pink roses gaily festooned in abundance , and Victorian memories to the fore .
their ‘ croscill ’ and ‘ jenny wren ’ ranges epitomise the traditional style ; pink roses gaily festooned in [lot] , and victorian memories to the fore .

It may be a cliché , but the compactness , the lack of weight , abundance and responsiveness of power , massively powerful brakes and rigidity of suspension all add up to a car that feels very much like a big kart .
it may be a cliché , but the compactness , the lack of weight , [lot] and responsiveness of power , massively powerful brakes and rigidity of suspension all add up to a car that feels very much like a big kart .

They should be constantly asking why a bottle is the shape it is and whether the ingredients come from a whale or from a natural substance of which there is great abundance .
they should be constantly asking why a bottle is the shape it is and whether the ingredients come from a whale or from a natural substance of which there is great [lot] .

Others have sought a reconciliation of the positions that these terms represent , and there is an abundance of literature which examines this relationship in advance of the Situationists .
others have sought a reconciliation of the positions that these terms represent , and there is an [lot] of literature which examines this relationship in advance of the situationists .

There is also an abundance of paperwork .
there is also an [lot] of paperwork .

Derbyshire , with its shallow flinty soils , and North Wales , with its abundance of stone and wet weather , were the two areas most affected by poor soil types .
derbyshire , with its shallow flinty soils , and north wales , with its [lot] of stone and wet weather , were the two areas most affected by poor soil types .

All fuels are in abundance .
all fuels are in [lot] .

1 million ) and this embarrassment of hydrocarbon reserves ( 715 tonnes of oil equivalent , for every inhabitant of Norway ) , Norway also has an abundance of hydro-electric power .
1 million ) and this embarrassment of hydrocarbon reserves ( 715 tonnes of oil equivalent , for every inhabitant of norway ) , norway also has an [lot] of hydro-electric power .

Two further contributory factors to the decline of the industry have been : the lowered earnings of energy companies giving rise to spending cutbacks ; and the dampening of government enthusiasm for the projects because of the abundance of crude oil .
two further contributory factors to the decline of the industry have been : the lowered earnings of energy companies giving rise to spending cutbacks ; and the dampening of government enthusiasm for the projects because of the [lot] of crude oil .

It would teach us also not to underestimate the sheer abundance of the world of God 's promise .
it would teach us also not to underestimate the sheer [lot] of the world of god 's promise .

There is pathos to be found in it in abundance , and images of love and great nobility of spirit .
there is pathos to be found in it in [lot] , and images of love and great nobility of spirit .

The years of abundance in America began in 1950 with the defence expenditure triggered off by the Korean War , and the boom continued with only a hiccup or two of recession in 1954 and 1958 .
the years of [lot] in america began in 1950 with the defence expenditure triggered off by the korean war , and the boom continued with only a hiccup or two of recession in 1954 and 1958 .

Focussing on one tiny segment of the statistics of abundance , let us examine corporation presidents and millionaires .
focussing on one tiny segment of the statistics of [lot] , let us examine corporation presidents and millionaires .

The text is accompanied by an abundance of superb photographs , colour as well as monochrome .
the text is accompanied by an [lot] of superb photographs , colour as well as monochrome .

Some blamed Jack for wanting to continue the way he had before marriage which , of course , meant occasional flings with the abundance of available women .
some blamed jack for wanting to continue the way he had before marriage which , of course , meant occasional flings with the [lot] of available women .

This ‘ 89 Cabernet is wonderfully rich , with a deep plum and blackcurrant intensity , and tannin too , but there is spice and ripeness in abundance to eclipse that .
this ‘ 89 cabernet is wonderfully rich , with a deep plum and blackcurrant intensity , and tannin too , but there is spice and ripeness in [lot] to eclipse that .

It is 40 per cent more expensive than coal , and there is an abundance of alternative energy sources .
it is 40 per cent more expensive than coal , and there is an [lot] of alternative energy sources .

If there is such a place as an ideal situation , Donnington Brewery must surely be in it , surrounded as it is by beautiful scenery , an abundance of wild life and a remarkable air of peace and tranquillity .
if there is such a place as an ideal situation , donnington brewery must surely be in it , surrounded as it is by beautiful scenery , an [lot] of wild life and a remarkable air of peace and tranquillity .

The silk trade blossomed in Blockley due to the sheer number of mills in the locality plus the abundance of pure water .
the silk trade blossomed in blockley due to the sheer number of mills in the locality plus the [lot] of pure water .

The turbine will run mainly during the winter months when the heavy rainfalls in the area ensure an abundance of fast flowing water , and it is hoped that electricity generation will start in 1991 .
the turbine will run mainly during the winter months when the heavy rainfalls in the area ensure an [lot] of fast flowing water , and it is hoped that electricity generation will start in 1991 .

‘ Three quarters of a century later , London had yet to achieve that abundance .
‘ three quarters of a century later , london had yet to achieve that [lot] .

These squatter settlements have sprung up in great abundance , generally in undesirable and inaccessible areas , which are unsuitable for standard building .
these squatter settlements have sprung up in great [lot] , generally in undesirable and inaccessible areas , which are unsuitable for standard building .

Everything was in abundance — fruit , vegetables and foodstuffs of all kinds .
everything was in [lot] — fruit , vegetables and foodstuffs of all kinds .

Although kings made sporadic efforts to reform , to Purge and reorganize , again ultimately only the nineteenth century brought the abundance which permitted a system to organize the State and curb some of the worst excesses .
although kings made sporadic efforts to reform , to purge and reorganize , again ultimately only the nineteenth century brought the [lot] which permitted a system to organize the state and curb some of the worst excesses .

But Caithness also offered everything we valued : remote , empty moorlands , magnificent , wave-lashed cliffs capped by lovely wild flowers , bird life in abundance , superb empty beaches and , for us , the greatest attraction of all , some of the finest brown trout fishing in Scotland .
but caithness also offered everything we valued : remote , empty moorlands , magnificent , wave-lashed cliffs capped by lovely wild flowers , bird life in [lot] , superb empty beaches and , for us , the greatest attraction of all , some of the finest brown trout fishing in scotland .

To the layman they all look pretty similar : crisp emerald weed buoyed up in the stream and then , in July , a snow in summer of glistening white flowers , which spill over the water in a way that seems to spell out the brief abundance of midsummer .
to the layman they all look pretty similar : crisp emerald weed buoyed up in the stream and then , in july , a snow in summer of glistening white flowers , which spill over the water in a way that seems to spell out the brief [lot] of midsummer .

The regal splendour of all these works and their abundance , too great to list further , are well worth seeing .
the regal splendour of all these works and their [lot] , too great to list further , are well worth seeing .

In the following table they are in order of abundance : Percentage Oxygen 46.6 Silicon 27.7 Aluminium 8.1 Iron 5.0 Calcium 3.6 Sodium 2.8 Potassium 2.6 Magnesium 2.1 Titanium 0.4 Phosphorus 0.2 Manganese 0.1 Hydrogen 0.1
in the following table they are in order of [lot] : percentage oxygen 46.6 silicon 27.7 aluminium 8.1 iron 5.0 calcium 3.6 sodium 2.8 potassium 2.6 magnesium 2.1 titanium 0.4 phosphorus 0.2 manganese 0.1 hydrogen 0.1

‘ Well , signore … ’ Elisa rose in some confusion , wishing to remonstrate with her host about the abundance of his generosity .
‘ well , signore … ’ elisa rose in some confusion , wishing to remonstrate with her host about the [lot] of his generosity .

Rare butterflies such as the wood white , black hairstreak and white admiral all thrive in Salcey where there is an abundance of the plants they feed on — vetches , blackthorn and honeysuckle .
rare butterflies such as the wood white , black hairstreak and white admiral all thrive in salcey where there is an [lot] of the plants they feed on — vetches , blackthorn and honeysuckle .

In other words , too many fatty and sugary foods which are positively loaded with calories — bread spread with lashings of butter , an abundance of fried foods , cream cakes , biscuits , chocolate , crisps and so on .
in other words , too many fatty and sugary foods which are positively loaded with calories — bread spread with lashings of butter , an [lot] of fried foods , cream cakes , biscuits , chocolate , crisps and so on .

The soil is very fruitful ; there are corn , cattle and horseflesh in abundance ; and by sending away to Hampshire all the inhabitants not required in the fields one could have held out there several months .
the soil is very fruitful ; there are corn , cattle and horseflesh in [lot] ; and by sending away to hampshire all the inhabitants not required in the fields one could have held out there several months .

The abundance of physical work prevented Madrichim from spending enough time with the children , let alone helping them with their education .
the [lot] of physical work prevented madrichim from spending enough time with the children , let alone helping them with their education .

However , nothing had prepared us for the abundance and variety of scallops , mussels , every species in the shrimp to lobster continuum as well as some very funny-looking goose-neck barnacles .
however , nothing had prepared us for the [lot] and variety of scallops , mussels , every species in the shrimp to lobster continuum as well as some very funny-looking goose-neck barnacles .

The Russians should have the courtesy to move over for some miles into middle Asia , where there is an abundance of space that lies close to them but far from us : let Russia give us sufficient coast on the Black Sea so that , from there we can resettle our beggars and peasants in Asia Minor … We need land at our doorstep … if Russia does not want to give it to us , she will force us to undertake an expropriation proceeding , i.e. a war , for which we have long stored up the reasons … The land we have to take from Russia , whether she is willing or not , must be large enough to allow us to resettle , in Bessarabia or northwest of there , all the Rumanians now living in Austria and Turkey ( minus Rumanian Jews , who together with those of Poland , Russia and Austria , should be packed off to Palestine , or better yet , to Madagascar ) … The Germans are a peaceful people , but they have a right to live , and to live as Germans , and they are convinced of the fact that they have a mission for all the nations of the earth ; if one hinders them from fulfilling their mission then they have the right to use force .
the russians should have the courtesy to move over for some miles into middle asia , where there is an [lot] of space that lies close to them but far from us : let russia give us sufficient coast on the black sea so that , from there we can resettle our beggars and peasants in asia minor … we need land at our doorstep … if russia does not want to give it to us , she will force us to undertake an expropriation proceeding , i.e. a war , for which we have long stored up the reasons … the land we have to take from russia , whether she is willing or not , must be large enough to allow us to resettle , in bessarabia or northwest of there , all the rumanians now living in austria and turkey ( minus rumanian jews , who together with those of poland , russia and austria , should be packed off to palestine , or better yet , to madagascar ) … the germans are a peaceful people , but they have a right to live , and to live as germans , and they are convinced of the fact that they have a mission for all the nations of the earth ; if one hinders them from fulfilling their mission then they have the right to use force .

Lambing time is even more important because lambs are a cash crop and nobody ever had an abundance of that .
lambing time is even more important because lambs are a cash crop and nobody ever had an [lot] of that .

Not surprisingly this is less true for Newham than for Ipswich carers ; for in and around Ipswich there was an abundance of both private and local authority Homes , whereas in Newham provision was more restricted and there were no privately owned Homes .
not surprisingly this is less true for newham than for ipswich carers ; for in and around ipswich there was an [lot] of both private and local authority homes , whereas in newham provision was more restricted and there were no privately owned homes .

Lack of , and inadequate spawning sites ; an abundance of rich , natural food ; and a good head of predators — usually eels — to prey on what little spawn is laid , is the necessary formulae .
lack of , and inadequate spawning sites ; an [lot] of rich , natural food ; and a good head of predators — usually eels — to prey on what little spawn is laid , is the necessary formulae .

Poor spawning sites and an abundance of food is the combination for giant bream ; one is practically useless without the other .
poor spawning sites and an [lot] of food is the combination for giant bream ; one is practically useless without the other .

They are fifteen acres or more in size ; they are understocked — compared with other waters ; and there is an abundance of natural food .
they are fifteen acres or more in size ; they are understocked — compared with other waters ; and there is an [lot] of natural food .

This is because every so often the fish enjoy a particularly good spawning year , when temperatures , spawning facilities , and lack of interference from predators all contribute to an abundance of surviving spawn and fry .
this is because every so often the fish enjoy a particularly good spawning year , when temperatures , spawning facilities , and lack of interference from predators all contribute to an [lot] of surviving spawn and fry .

Any natural food creature , and you can include small fish in that category , can cause bream and other usually non-predatory species , to become preoccupied with that item when there happens to be an abundance of them .
any natural food creature , and you can include small fish in that category , can cause bream and other usually non-predatory species , to become preoccupied with that item when there happens to be an [lot] of them .

This is a pattern that has some similarities to the breakage produced by predators , due mainly to the abundance of isolated teeth , but the absence of mandibles and the good preservation of the major limb bones are points of difference .
this is a pattern that has some similarities to the breakage produced by predators , due mainly to the [lot] of isolated teeth , but the absence of mandibles and the good preservation of the major limb bones are points of difference .

Predators may select prey in order of abundance , as does the barn owl , for instance , in which case they preserve the original pattern of equitability , or they may select less abundant prey preferentially , as do most mustelids , in which case they change it .
predators may select prey in order of [lot] , as does the barn owl , for instance , in which case they preserve the original pattern of equitability , or they may select less abundant prey preferentially , as do most mustelids , in which case they change it .

Provided this is taken into account , the differences between comparable samples are as readily discernible as when relative abundance is used .
provided this is taken into account , the differences between comparable samples are as readily discernible as when relative [lot] is used .

Relative abundance data for bone assemblages from 19 species of predator are shown in Fig .
relative [lot] data for bone assemblages from 19 species of predator are shown in fig .

The norm against which relative abundance is measured is 100 per cent for skulls , mandibles and all postcranial elements ; and 0 per cent for isolated teeth .
the norm against which relative [lot] is measured is 100 per cent for skulls , mandibles and all postcranial elements ; and 0 per cent for isolated teeth .

3.6 Scatter of individual pellet samples comparing the distal/proximal limb proportions ( column 7 of Table 3.2 ) with the average relative abundance ( Tables 2.3–2.5 ) .
3.6 scatter of individual pellet samples comparing the distal/proximal limb proportions ( column 7 of table 3.2 ) with the average relative [lot] ( tables 2.3–2.5 ) .

3.8 shows the percentage abundance of complete bones for the humerus plotted against the femur .
3.8 shows the percentage [lot] of complete bones for the humerus plotted against the femur .

Tor Farm is situated on the Somerset Levels where wildlife are in abundance .
tor farm is situated on the somerset levels where wildlife are in [lot] .

Her little heart-shaped face was lost amidst the abundance of black hair , her nose was too big , and her mouth with the upper lip thinner than the lower showed her determination to have her own way .
her little heart-shaped face was lost amidst the [lot] of black hair , her nose was too big , and her mouth with the upper lip thinner than the lower showed her determination to have her own way .

They had little money to spend once he 'd given up riding altogether but they shared love in abundance .
they had little money to spend once he 'd given up riding altogether but they shared love in [lot] .

Stuart indicates the relative abundance of each animal , and the parts usually found ; with useful illustrations for the identification of odd bones or teeth .
stuart indicates the relative [lot] of each animal , and the parts usually found ; with useful illustrations for the identification of odd bones or teeth .

Flower visitors — moths , butterflies , hoverflies , bees and wasps — are perhaps the most conspicuous feature of the garden but there is also an abundance and variety of plant-feeders , such as moth larvae , and associated predators , parasites and scavengers .
flower visitors — moths , butterflies , hoverflies , bees and wasps — are perhaps the most conspicuous feature of the garden but there is also an [lot] and variety of plant-feeders , such as moth larvae , and associated predators , parasites and scavengers .

Every year particular species arrive and disappear , and change in absolute and relative abundance .
every year particular species arrive and disappear , and change in absolute and relative [lot] .

The abundance of alkanes makes them particularly attractive starting materials for industrial processes .
the [lot] of alkanes makes them particularly attractive starting materials for industrial processes .

In Liverpool woody species are unaccountably rare , legumes ( pea-flowers ) reach their highest abundance and diversity , and evening primroses ( Oenothera spp ) are widespread .
in liverpool woody species are unaccountably rare , legumes ( pea-flowers ) reach their highest [lot] and diversity , and evening primroses ( oenothera spp ) are widespread .

The large numbers of evening primrose in Liverpool reflect its abundance on the sand dunes just outside the city .
the large numbers of evening primrose in liverpool reflect its [lot] on the sand dunes just outside the city .

Manchester is also distinguished by the abundance of wetland species .
manchester is also distinguished by the [lot] of wetland species .

Measurement of the relative abundance of carbon-14 in both pre- and post-bomb soil samples and in the atmosphere gives us an estimate of the amount of carbon entering the soil each year as a result of photosynthesis by both higher plants and microorganisms .
measurement of the relative [lot] of carbon-14 in both pre- and post-bomb soil samples and in the atmosphere gives us an estimate of the amount of carbon entering the soil each year as a result of photosynthesis by both higher plants and microorganisms .

This must represent , in a broad way , the relative abundance of the living animals .
this must represent , in a broad way , the relative [lot] of the living animals .

In fact it has been known since the late 1950s ( see for example Nature , vol. 208 , p 423 ) that Po is widely distributed in the environment , and in man , as a result of atmospheric fall-out of the decay products of natural radon-222 , with an abundance in northern temperate latitudes of about 0.06 curie per sq.km or of the order of 10 6 curies in total over the surface of the world land mass .
in fact it has been known since the late 1950s ( see for example nature , vol. 208 , p 423 ) that po is widely distributed in the environment , and in man , as a result of atmospheric fall-out of the decay products of natural radon-222 , with an [lot] in northern temperate latitudes of about 0.06 curie per sq.km or of the order of 10 6 curies in total over the surface of the world land mass .

Over the millennia , nature has learnt to capitalise on the abundance of iron and its mild reactivity to perform many important biochemical reactions , these include oxygen transport , which depends on the iron maintaining its Fe(II) oxidation state , to bioredox catalysis ( for example in the production of metabolic energy ) where iron rapidly undergoes reversible oxidation state changes .
over the millennia , nature has learnt to capitalise on the [lot] of iron and its mild reactivity to perform many important biochemical reactions , these include oxygen transport , which depends on the iron maintaining its fe(ii) oxidation state , to bioredox catalysis ( for example in the production of metabolic energy ) where iron rapidly undergoes reversible oxidation state changes .

For many years the town continued to develop , mainly due to an abundance of water power from the rivers , and many of the settlers were from his native town of Irvine , Ayrshire .
for many years the town continued to develop , mainly due to an [lot] of water power from the rivers , and many of the settlers were from his native town of irvine , ayrshire .

It was impossible to be afraid ; but impossible not to be alert , alive , crisp in every sensation , glad in the headlong abundance of reviving life that washed about them on every side .
it was impossible to be afraid ; but impossible not to be alert , alive , crisp in every sensation , glad in the headlong [lot] of reviving life that washed about them on every side .

Here as in a number of places in his text , Bukharin appeared to be confusing different conditions , for example , money becomes valueless with the introduction of planning under conditions of material abundance .
here as in a number of places in his text , bukharin appeared to be confusing different conditions , for example , money becomes valueless with the introduction of planning under conditions of material [lot] .

Such ideal conditions contrast sharply with the actual experiences of ‘ war communism ’ : money became valueless because of the disappearance of goods , wages were replaced by rations — the rations of abject poverty not abundance — prices became imaginary because money no longer had any value , and paper money was issued by keeping the printing presses working day and night , amounting to hyper-inflation !
such ideal conditions contrast sharply with the actual experiences of ‘ war communism ’ : money became valueless because of the disappearance of goods , wages were replaced by rations — the rations of abject poverty not [lot] — prices became imaginary because money no longer had any value , and paper money was issued by keeping the printing presses working day and night , amounting to hyper-inflation !

Elsewhere , tucked away and not at all Victorian , are hairdriers and trouser-presses in abundance .
elsewhere , tucked away and not at all victorian , are hairdriers and trouser-presses in [lot] .

Stormy , wet , windy , typical August weather , cormorants , wings flapping clockworklike against the force 5–6 wind , gulls gliding majestically , effortlessly over the wave tops , gannets swirling way up high before plummeting dramatically hurling themselves into the sea with terrific , surely painful splashes , then the puffins , taking off clumsily along the surface of the water , bouncing bomb style , crashing into successive wave crests in their attempts to stay clear of the bow , wildlife in abundance and this was only the view from the MacBraynes ferry ! Our appetites for a week 's paddle around the North Uist and the west coast of Harris had been wetted !
stormy , wet , windy , typical august weather , cormorants , wings flapping clockworklike against the force 5–6 wind , gulls gliding majestically , effortlessly over the wave tops , gannets swirling way up high before plummeting dramatically hurling themselves into the sea with terrific , surely painful splashes , then the puffins , taking off clumsily along the surface of the water , bouncing bomb style , crashing into successive wave crests in their attempts to stay clear of the bow , wildlife in [lot] and this was only the view from the macbraynes ferry ! our appetites for a week 's paddle around the north uist and the west coast of harris had been wetted !

She had an abundance of tales from the old colonial days , when she had been cook for a white family .
she had an [lot] of tales from the old colonial days , when she had been cook for a white family .

Natural cycles there are in abundance , then .
natural cycles there are in [lot] , then .

The increase in this woodland may well have had a beneficial effect on the Woodcock and has provided the increasing breeding Redpoll population with an abundance of habitat .
the increase in this woodland may well have had a beneficial effect on the woodcock and has provided the increasing breeding redpoll population with an [lot] of habitat .

Between 1963 and 1974 an attempt was made to measure the abundance and distribution of the common and widespread birds breeding in Sussex woodlands by a series of sample censuses .
between 1963 and 1974 an attempt was made to measure the [lot] and distribution of the common and widespread birds breeding in sussex woodlands by a series of sample censuses .

The figures obtained are used here to calculate three indices for the commoner species : the percentage frequency , relative abundance and contacts per hour .
the figures obtained are used here to calculate three indices for the commoner species : the percentage frequency , relative [lot] and contacts per hour .

The relative abundance records the percentage of the total population represented by each species .
the relative [lot] records the percentage of the total population represented by each species .

Taken together these two indices yield much information about the abundance or scarcity of each bird , how widely or evenly it is distributed , and how numbers of any species compare with others , perhaps particularly with its near relations .
taken together these two indices yield much information about the [lot] or scarcity of each bird , how widely or evenly it is distributed , and how numbers of any species compare with others , perhaps particularly with its near relations .

But changes in its relative abundance may not give an entirely accurate picture of population trends for any species , so the number of contacts per hour of counting for each species is added as an individual measure of abundance .
but changes in its relative [lot] may not give an entirely accurate picture of population trends for any species , so the number of contacts per hour of counting for each species is added as an individual measure of [lot] .

In studying these movements attempts have been made to assess the comparative abundance of each species .
in studying these movements attempts have been made to assess the comparative [lot] of each species .

There was , he pointed out , masses of stone and timber for building materials and firewood in abundance .
there was , he pointed out , masses of stone and timber for building materials and firewood in [lot] .

They suffer from an abundance of irrelevant information .
they suffer from an [lot] of irrelevant information .

The boats were sparkling with the glitter of the ‘ caller ou , ’ as our fishwives call them ; and busily the men were throwing them out from among the nets into the creels , while the shore was lined by brawny-armed women clothed in waterproof aprons , who with marvellous rapidity were gutting the fish , and packing them in barrels with abundance of salt between each layer .
the boats were sparkling with the glitter of the ‘ caller ou , ’ as our fishwives call them ; and busily the men were throwing them out from among the nets into the creels , while the shore was lined by brawny-armed women clothed in waterproof aprons , who with marvellous rapidity were gutting the fish , and packing them in barrels with [lot] of salt between each layer .

So that morning there was life in abundance , except in Charlie 's garden .
so that morning there was life in [lot] , except in charlie 's garden .

There is an abundance of evidence that good ( as opposed to overpowering ) parental supervision is critical for the well being of teenagers .
there is an [lot] of evidence that good ( as opposed to overpowering ) parental supervision is critical for the well being of teenagers .

The abundance of flowers meant butterflies , too , in a profusion which today , sadly , children never see .
the [lot] of flowers meant butterflies , too , in a profusion which today , sadly , children never see .

For the longer term , Unruh also suggests that the persistence of useful species will be enhanced because their seed banks in the soil are increased ; thus in the subsequent swidden-fallow cycle the abundance of such species will increase spontaneously .
for the longer term , unruh also suggests that the persistence of useful species will be enhanced because their seed banks in the soil are increased ; thus in the subsequent swidden-fallow cycle the [lot] of such species will increase spontaneously .

Among the many outstanding players in the Scotland squad were the elegant Manchester United captain Martin Buchan , the toothless warrior Joe Jordan , the mercurial Kenny Dalglish , the effervescent Willie Johnson and an over abundance of creative midfield players including Don Masson , Bruce Rioch , Asa Hartford , Archie Gemmill , John Robertson and Lou Macari .
among the many outstanding players in the scotland squad were the elegant manchester united captain martin buchan , the toothless warrior joe jordan , the mercurial kenny dalglish , the effervescent willie johnson and an over [lot] of creative midfield players including don masson , bruce rioch , asa hartford , archie gemmill , john robertson and lou macari .

We have no conclusive evidence , yet an abundance of telling hints .
we have no conclusive evidence , yet an [lot] of telling hints .

The most interesting result is that , of the patterns , fall into eight mirror-symmetric pairs : Under some conditions , one set of genes increases in transcript abundance while a second set of genes decreases in transcript abundance .
the most interesting result is that , of the patterns , fall into eight mirror-symmetric pairs : under some conditions , one set of genes increases in transcript [lot] while a second set of genes decreases in transcript [lot] .

Under other of the seven perturbing conditions , the roles are reversed , and the first set of genes decreases in transcript abundance while the second set increases in transcript abundance .
under other of the seven perturbing conditions , the roles are reversed , and the first set of genes decreases in transcript [lot] while the second set increases in transcript [lot] .

A family of equal happiness , or “ isoutility ” curves , show your “ isohappiness ” trade-oVs of apples and pears at any total abundance to you of apples and pears .
a family of equal happiness , or “ isoutility ” curves , show your “ isohappiness ” trade-ovs of apples and pears at any total [lot] to you of apples and pears .

Indeed , you can quickly intuit that , since both A and B will reproduce exponentially , there might be a fixed ratio of the abundance of A and abundance of B species such that each helps the other optimally .
indeed , you can quickly intuit that , since both a and b will reproduce exponentially , there might be a fixed ratio of the [lot] of a and [lot] of b species such that each helps the other optimally .

It has ranges of barren hills and mountains as well as green fertile valleys that produce grapes and olives in abundance .
it has ranges of barren hills and mountains as well as green fertile valleys that produce grapes and olives in [lot] .

If the senses , to say nothing of the feet , need a break , relax on the waterfront with its abundance of open-air cafés .
if the senses , to say nothing of the feet , need a break , relax on the waterfront with its [lot] of open-air cafés .

Small local buses or collective taxis are inexpensive and useful for point-to-point travel ( complete with transistor music and an abundance of happy humanity ) , but not for general touring .
small local buses or collective taxis are inexpensive and useful for point-to-point travel ( complete with transistor music and an [lot] of happy humanity ) , but not for general touring .

The allure of Madeira remains its absence of man-made attractions and abundance of natural ones .
the allure of madeira remains its absence of man-made attractions and [lot] of natural ones .

Beautiful examples of enamelware , ceramics , and pottery are produced in great abundance , often following a Celtic theme .
beautiful examples of enamelware , ceramics , and pottery are produced in great [lot] , often following a celtic theme .

L.a. ’ s not just about excessive behavior , although you ’ ll find that in abundance .
l.a. ’ s not just about excessive behavior , although you ’ ll find that in [lot] .

As if the explosion of retail shopping malls was not enough to quell the demand , there are outlet malls in abundance within a short drive , and a handful of local shops that deserve attention .
as if the explosion of retail shopping malls was not enough to quell the demand , there are outlet malls in [lot] within a short drive , and a handful of local shops that deserve attention .

There ’ s an abundance of nature , history , art , and modern culture to be explored and enjoyed .
there ’ s an [lot] of nature , history , art , and modern culture to be explored and enjoyed .

In fact , for the sheer abundance of wildlife to be seen , Kanha is probably the best national park in India and should not be missed .
in fact , for the sheer [lot] of wildlife to be seen , kanha is probably the best national park in india and should not be missed .

There is an abundance of souvenirs that make the perfect gift , namely gourmet delicacies , but save these purchases for the end of your trip , in order to get them home as fresh as possible .
there is an [lot] of souvenirs that make the perfect gift , namely gourmet delicacies , but save these purchases for the end of your trip , in order to get them home as fresh as possible .

The narrow streets of Melaka ’ s Chinatown , just next to the river , hold an abundance of history , especially of last century , when the entrepreneurs from this community helped lift the local economy .
the narrow streets of melaka ’ s chinatown , just next to the river , hold an [lot] of history , especially of last century , when the entrepreneurs from this community helped lift the local economy .

Examples of every locally produced craft can be found in abundance here , and you ’ ll shop cheaper than in the resorts , especially if you practice your bartering skills beforehand .
examples of every locally produced craft can be found in [lot] here , and you ’ ll shop cheaper than in the resorts , especially if you practice your bartering skills beforehand .

An abundance of space then allowed the city to sprawl , but distance was no problem — cheap oil and the car produced a vast freeway system , which links the coast , the hills , and the farthest-flung valleys in one huge metropolitan region .
an [lot] of space then allowed the city to sprawl , but distance was no problem — cheap oil and the car produced a vast freeway system , which links the coast , the hills , and the farthest-flung valleys in one huge metropolitan region .

The shrine contains a kailash , a silver pot symbolizing wealth , because Annapurna , a Nepali version of Shiva ’ s Parvati , is goddess of abundance .
the shrine contains a kailash , a silver pot symbolizing wealth , because annapurna , a nepali version of shiva ’ s parvati , is goddess of [lot] .

Bags , purses , luggage , and belts can be found in abundance — try Odós Skridlóf ( Leather Street ) in Chaniá to begin comparing quality and prices .
bags , purses , luggage , and belts can be found in [lot] — try odós skridlóf ( leather street ) in chaniá to begin comparing quality and prices .

The cities near the Baltic Sea , Gdansk and Gdynia , have an abundance of amber and excellent rosters of shops , often dealing in one-of-a-kind jewelry pieces .
the cities near the baltic sea , gdansk and gdynia , have an [lot] of amber and excellent rosters of shops , often dealing in one-of-a-kind jewelry pieces .

Many of the activities listed below are in the capital , Warsaw , where there is simply a greater abundance of facilities .
many of the activities listed below are in the capital , warsaw , where there is simply a greater [lot] of facilities .

For centuries , they have harvested an abundance of fish from the ocean and rivers — not just salmon but halibut , herring , mussels , and clams .
for centuries , they have harvested an [lot] of fish from the ocean and rivers — not just salmon but halibut , herring , mussels , and clams .

Its pock-marked , lunar-like surface , 60 km ( 37 miles ) long and 20 km ( 121/2 miles ) wide , is dotted with more than 300 volcanoes , yet onions , potatoes , tomatoes , melons , and grapes all spring in abundance from the black ash .
its pock-marked , lunar-like surface , 60 km ( 37 miles ) long and 20 km ( 121/2 miles ) wide , is dotted with more than 300 volcanoes , yet onions , potatoes , tomatoes , melons , and grapes all spring in [lot] from the black ash .

Both are notable for the variety of species and the abundance of herons and white pelicans .
both are notable for the variety of species and the [lot] of herons and white pelicans .

In Puerto Escondido and Huatulco , you ’ ll find an abundance of tequila ’ s close cousin , mezcal .
in puerto escondido and huatulco , you ’ ll find an [lot] of tequila ’ s close cousin , mezcal .

Here you will find an abundance of literary cafés , bistros , and bars , with plenty of outside seating .
here you will find an [lot] of literary cafés , bistros , and bars , with plenty of outside seating .

It will take you to the dockside , lined with simple restaurants , one after the other , all serving an abundance of delicious , smoky sardines ( and other fresh-caught fish ) .
it will take you to the dockside , lined with simple restaurants , one after the other , all serving an [lot] of delicious , smoky sardines ( and other fresh-caught fish ) .

For the tourist , the abundance of superbly administered national parks — Mount Revelstoke , Glacier , Kootenay , Yoho , Banff , and Jasper — give the Canadian Rockies an edge over their U.S. counterpart , to which thousands of visitors from south of the border will testify .
for the tourist , the [lot] of superbly administered national parks — mount revelstoke , glacier , kootenay , yoho , banff , and jasper — give the canadian rockies an edge over their u.s. counterpart , to which thousands of visitors from south of the border will testify .

In the creeks and lakes , you ’ ll find an abundance of trout — rainbow , brook , brown , cut-throat , and red-spotted Dolly Varden — as well as whitefish , char , and bass .
in the creeks and lakes , you ’ ll find an [lot] of trout — rainbow , brook , brown , cut-throat , and red-spotted dolly varden — as well as whitefish , char , and bass .

However , sports facilities are in abundance for those who want to work off the effects of too much paella during the daylight hours .
however , sports facilities are in [lot] for those who want to work off the effects of too much paella during the daylight hours .

The hills around Silves are a prosperous farming region ; figs , oranges , lemons , grapefruit , clementines , and pomegranates are grown in abundance in mile after mile of orchards .
the hills around silves are a prosperous farming region ; figs , oranges , lemons , grapefruit , clementines , and pomegranates are grown in [lot] in mile after mile of orchards .

A woman traditionally gives her man a book , and a man gives a women a rose—both of which are available in abundance along La Rambla .
a woman traditionally gives her man a book , and a man gives a women a rose—both of which are available in [lot] along la rambla .

Here , sugar cane as high as three men grows in abundance , trucks trundle around with monster bundles of the stuff , and chimneys of sugar-cane factories poke skyward like cathedral towers .
here , sugar cane as high as three men grows in [lot] , trucks trundle around with monster bundles of the stuff , and chimneys of sugar-cane factories poke skyward like cathedral towers .

Andalucía has an abundance of natural parks , ranging from those with international fame to more obscure , remote nature preserves .
andalucía has an [lot] of natural parks , ranging from those with international fame to more obscure , remote nature preserves .

The ice pack is forming later and retreating earlier—and it 's having a serious impact on the abundance of krill , the backbone of the Antarctic food chain .
the ice pack is forming later and retreating earlier—and it 's having a serious impact on the [lot] of krill , the backbone of the antarctic food chain .

Retreating Sea Ice and Krill Declines In November 2004 , the most comprehensive study to date of krill distribution and abundance in the Southern Ocean reported a catastrophic drop in krill numbers .
retreating sea ice and krill declines in november 2004 , the most comprehensive study to date of krill distribution and [lot] in the southern ocean reported a catastrophic drop in krill numbers .

His team found a positive correlation between winter sea ice cover and the abundance of krill the following summer .
his team found a positive correlation between winter sea ice cover and the [lot] of krill the following summer .

We might find there are other things declining as well as sea ice , such as their food , or there might be a change in the fertilization of the waters. ” Accompanying the drop in krill abundance , Atkinson and Siegel found an increase in salps , transparent jelly-like creatures that typically inhabit warmer waters than krill .
we might find there are other things declining as well as sea ice , such as their food , or there might be a change in the fertilization of the waters. ” accompanying the drop in krill [lot] , atkinson and siegel found an increase in salps , transparent jelly-like creatures that typically inhabit warmer waters than krill .

Robust tests of long-held theories of how the under-ice habitat sustains krill larvae require much more quantitative data—over time and over a wide scale—on larval abundance , distribution , and foraging behavior .
robust tests of long-held theories of how the under-ice habitat sustains krill larvae require much more quantitative data—over time and over a wide scale—on larval [lot] , distribution , and foraging behavior .

However , a significant decrease in the abundance of CD4 cells relative to other T cell types as summarized in CD4 % ( but not in absolute CD4 count ) was present in the repeated TI arm , corresponding to a significant increase in CD8 T cell count .
however , a significant decrease in the [lot] of cd4 cells relative to other t cell types as summarized in cd4 % ( but not in absolute cd4 count ) was present in the repeated ti arm , corresponding to a significant increase in cd8 t cell count .

The myofiber somehow “ remembers ” not only the pattern of activity it has experienced today , but what has gone on over the preceding days or weeks , such that the changes in abundance of proteins that control contractile function and metabolism accrue over time .
the myofiber somehow “ remembers ” not only the pattern of activity it has experienced today , but what has gone on over the preceding days or weeks , such that the changes in [lot] of proteins that control contractile function and metabolism accrue over time .

Moreover , increasing the abundance of TRPC3 in cultured myotubes prolongs the period in which intracellular calcium is elevated following a depolarizing stimulus , sustains the transcription factor NFAT within the nucleus , and augments expression of NFAT-dependent target genes [ 40 ] .
moreover , increasing the [lot] of trpc3 in cultured myotubes prolongs the period in which intracellular calcium is elevated following a depolarizing stimulus , sustains the transcription factor nfat within the nucleus , and augments expression of nfat-dependent target genes [ 40 ] .

However , there may be cause for some optimism for the average mortal , since endurance exercise training in healthy humans leads to fiber-type specific increases in the abundance of PGC-1 and PPAR-α protein in skeletal muscle ( Russell et al .
however , there may be cause for some optimism for the average mortal , since endurance exercise training in healthy humans leads to fiber-type specific increases in the [lot] of pgc-1 and ppar-α protein in skeletal muscle ( russell et al .

Relative CD4 abundance as a percentage of total T lymphocytes was recorded as 100 times the ratio of CD4 + CD3 + cells to total CD3 + cells , with cells counted over five images .
relative cd4 [lot] as a percentage of total t lymphocytes was recorded as 100 times the ratio of cd4 + cd3 + cells to total cd3 + cells , with cells counted over five images .

The fossil record reveals the disappearance of pollen during previous ones , replaced by an abundance of fungus spores , telling us of a world of devastated forests rotting away .
the fossil record reveals the disappearance of pollen during previous ones , replaced by an [lot] of fungus spores , telling us of a world of devastated forests rotting away .

Not only did species diversity drop , the abundance of life did as well .
not only did species diversity drop , the [lot] of life did as well .

There is no question that if current trends of habitat alteration and climate change continue then we will ultimately lose large numbers of species—diversity will drop—but this does not necessarily translate into a loss of abundance of life , and that is a big difference between now and previous mass extinctions .
there is no question that if current trends of habitat alteration and climate change continue then we will ultimately lose large numbers of species—diversity will drop—but this does not necessarily translate into a loss of [lot] of life , and that is a big difference between now and previous mass extinctions .

A target matrix T had , as the numerical entry in row g and column c , the relative abundance of the mRNA transcript of gene g in cell line c. The drug activity matrix A summarized the pharmacology of 1,400 drugs acting on each of the same 60 human cancer cell lines , including 118 drugs with “ known mechanism of action. ” The number in row d and column c of the drug activity matrix A was the activity of drug d in suppressing the growth of cell line c , or , equivalently , the sensitivity of cell line c to drug d. The target matrix T for gene expression contained 82,500 numbers , while the drug activity matrix A had 84,000 numbers .
a target matrix t had , as the numerical entry in row g and column c , the relative [lot] of the mrna transcript of gene g in cell line c. the drug activity matrix a summarized the pharmacology of 1,400 drugs acting on each of the same 60 human cancer cell lines , including 118 drugs with “ known mechanism of action. ” the number in row d and column c of the drug activity matrix a was the activity of drug d in suppressing the growth of cell line c , or , equivalently , the sensitivity of cell line c to drug d. the target matrix t for gene expression contained 82,500 numbers , while the drug activity matrix a had 84,000 numbers .

In addition , depending on the relative abundance of bees and birds ( and of red and blue flowers ) , either birds or bees , but never both simultaneously , can also exploit the other flower type ( Figure 3 ) .
in addition , depending on the relative [lot] of bees and birds ( and of red and blue flowers ) , either birds or bees , but never both simultaneously , can also exploit the other flower type ( figure 3 ) .

Called neutral ecology , it proposes a general explanation of how competition between individuals produces the dynamics of birth , death , and migration seen in ecosystems , and its predictions match closely the abundance and diversity of species in the wild .
called neutral ecology , it proposes a general explanation of how competition between individuals produces the dynamics of birth , death , and migration seen in ecosystems , and its predictions match closely the [lot] and diversity of species in the wild .

Epidemiology : Identifying the Culprit An additional benefit of the abundance of genetic information is that species identification is becoming increasingly sophisticated .
epidemiology : identifying the culprit an additional benefit of the [lot] of genetic information is that species identification is becoming increasingly sophisticated .

Problem is , its acres of rare tallgrass prairie , wetlands , springs , ponds and pristine creek and woods are already home to an abundance of wildlife and North America 's migratory birds .
problem is , its acres of rare tallgrass prairie , wetlands , springs , ponds and pristine creek and woods are already home to an [lot] of wildlife and north america 's migratory birds .

At first we noticed that abundance ( not necessarily personal abundance , although the post-WWII/Cold War takeoff of the US economy afforded better living for much higher proportions of the US population ) was not satisfying to us , although it seemed to be sufficient for our parents who had suffered serious deprivation during the Depression and then horrifying war ( our fathers ignorant men thrown together in foreign lands to face death with only each other 's bodies for support -- while longing for the comfort of love and habit sent by the women who became our mothers in letters to unknowable islands and bivouacs ) .
at first we noticed that [lot] ( not necessarily personal [lot] , although the post-wwii/cold war takeoff of the us economy afforded better living for much higher proportions of the us population ) was not satisfying to us , although it seemed to be sufficient for our parents who had suffered serious deprivation during the depression and then horrifying war ( our fathers ignorant men thrown together in foreign lands to face death with only each other 's bodies for support -- while longing for the comfort of love and habit sent by the women who became our mothers in letters to unknowable islands and bivouacs ) .

Critics chalk up Calder 's previous low standing to the abundance of sculptures he made in the '60s for corporate plazas , which are labeled `` mostly boring '' ( Robert Hughes , Time ) .
critics chalk up calder 's previous low standing to the [lot] of sculptures he made in the '60s for corporate plazas , which are labeled `` mostly boring '' ( robert hughes , time ) .

Sex on the screen , or the abundance and explicitness of it , has only a distant connection , if any , with the homicides that worry us .
sex on the screen , or the [lot] and explicitness of it , has only a distant connection , if any , with the homicides that worry us .

One thing these postwar tract-home developments did have in abundance was kids , and considered as kid cities , they were wonderfully designed .
one thing these postwar tract-home developments did have in [lot] was kids , and considered as kid cities , they were wonderfully designed .

Do not pick the wildflowers , which grow in abundance ( but not so abundantly as they did before the hand of Man came to destroy ) on the side of the trail .
do not pick the wildflowers , which grow in [lot] ( but not so abundantly as they did before the hand of man came to destroy ) on the side of the trail .

Northwest Indians lived in a land of vast abundance , the streams flush with fish , the forest thick with game .
northwest indians lived in a land of vast [lot] , the streams flush with fish , the forest thick with game .

Clinton credited the Republican sweep of Tuesday 's election to 1 ) a good economy and 2 ) the abundance of Republican incumbents .
clinton credited the republican sweep of tuesday 's election to 1 ) a good economy and 2 ) the [lot] of republican incumbents .

The execution is even more problematic : There is an abundance of bad acting , heavy-handed moralizing , obvious dialogue -- and , of course , the obligatory elderly Indian skulking about to highlight the mysticism of the situation .
the execution is even more problematic : there is an [lot] of bad acting , heavy-handed moralizing , obvious dialogue -- and , of course , the obligatory elderly indian skulking about to highlight the mysticism of the situation .

To survey Scorsese 's oeuvre is to find such echoings and prefigurations in abundance .
to survey scorsese 's oeuvre is to find such echoings and prefigurations in [lot] .

On that issue hinges the abundance of intelligent life in the universe .
on that issue hinges the [lot] of intelligent life in the universe .

We may have wildly overestimated the abundance of extraterrestrial civilizations .
we may have wildly overestimated the [lot] of extraterrestrial civilizations .

As always , part of the problem is a glut of white powder : `` [ S ] heer abundance is prompting concern about a potential 'epidemic ' spilling across demographic divides . ''
as always , part of the problem is a glut of white powder : `` [ s ] heer [lot] is prompting concern about a potential 'epidemic ' spilling across demographic divides . ''

While this article tells us that our talented tyke 's precocious success is `` partly due to his talents and partly due to the abundance of opportunities in high tech fields today , '' we then learn : 1 ) He 's the son of a venture capitalist ; 2 ) he had trouble getting a job , until some of the partners at the VC firm dad founded hooked him up with Hotmail , one of their portfolio companies ; and 3 ) at Hotmail , he struggled to do the job , but by the end of the summer had written some code they could actually use .
while this article tells us that our talented tyke 's precocious success is `` partly due to his talents and partly due to the [lot] of opportunities in high tech fields today , '' we then learn : 1 ) he 's the son of a venture capitalist ; 2 ) he had trouble getting a job , until some of the partners at the vc firm dad founded hooked him up with hotmail , one of their portfolio companies ; and 3 ) at hotmail , he struggled to do the job , but by the end of the summer had written some code they could actually use .

Many thousands of young Americans currently live in Moscow , Prague , and other Eastern European capitals , enjoying the excitements of their post-Communist transition , excitements that include the abundance of attractive sexual partners eager to connect with Westerners .
many thousands of young americans currently live in moscow , prague , and other eastern european capitals , enjoying the excitements of their post-communist transition , excitements that include the [lot] of attractive sexual partners eager to connect with westerners .

Abundance existed as an excrescent habundance for most of the 14th century and for a good while after that , in the belief that the word derived from Latin habere to have .
[lot] existed as an excrescent habundance for most of the 14th century and for a good while after that , in the belief that the word derived from latin habere to have .

In view of the abundance of the worldwide population of the domestic cat it comes as something of a surprise to learn that no authority can categorically state where the name for this group of small , soft-furred carnivorous animals started or when .
in view of the [lot] of the worldwide population of the domestic cat it comes as something of a surprise to learn that no authority can categorically state where the name for this group of small , soft-furred carnivorous animals started or when .

The most troublesome inconsistencies in transliteration seem to be owing either to the human tendency to conceal doubt behind abundance or to multiple naturalizations as the name migrates across Europe .
the most troublesome inconsistencies in transliteration seem to be owing either to the human tendency to conceal doubt behind [lot] or to multiple naturalizations as the name migrates across europe .

My current theory runs as follows : the Sargasso Sea , a region northeast of the West Indies , is characterized as an area of relative calm and an abundance of sargassum , an entangling seaweed .
my current theory runs as follows : the sargasso sea , a region northeast of the west indies , is characterized as an area of relative calm and an [lot] of sargassum , an entangling seaweed .

Copy is a blend of the prefix , co ` with ' + Latin opia ` abundance . '
copy is a blend of the prefix , co ` with ' + latin opia ` [lot] . '

Since a second copy exceeded the first by one hundred percent , it was considered an abundance .
since a second copy exceeded the first by one hundred percent , it was considered an [lot] .

Winchester 's story has an abundance of mistakes .
winchester 's story has an [lot] of mistakes .

I understand that graffiti have been eliminated from the New York subway system , but we find them in abundance on T-shirts , bumper stickers , and bathroom walls , as well as in a variety of work settings .
i understand that graffiti have been eliminated from the new york subway system , but we find them in [lot] on t-shirts , bumper stickers , and bathroom walls , as well as in a variety of work settings .

Applesauce ( an American variant is apple sass ) , which has come to designate a ` camouflage of flattery , ' is excessively sweet , mushy , pulpy and insubstantial , and thrifty boarding houses serve an abundance of the stuff to divert awareness from the scarcity of more nourishing fare .
applesauce ( an american variant is apple sass ) , which has come to designate a ` camouflage of flattery , ' is excessively sweet , mushy , pulpy and insubstantial , and thrifty boarding houses serve an [lot] of the stuff to divert awareness from the scarcity of more nourishing fare .

Some areas of lexical density reflect the social structure of all-male prisons : most of the terms for women are pejorative , there are numerous terms for heterosexual sex , and an abundance of terms for the penis .
some areas of lexical density reflect the social structure of all-male prisons : most of the terms for women are pejorative , there are numerous terms for heterosexual sex , and an [lot] of terms for the penis .

One result of this growth was an abundance of new streets that needed names ; the worthies of the Risorgimento largely filled the bill .
one result of this growth was an [lot] of new streets that needed names ; the worthies of the risorgimento largely filled the bill .

Fortunately , the editors of TBDNE have this in abundance , and the resulting excellence is manifest on every page .
fortunately , the editors of tbdne have this in [lot] , and the resulting excellence is manifest on every page .

