Pitcher Steve Barber joined the club one week ago after completing his hitch under the Army's accelerated wintertime military course , also at Fort Knox , Ky. .
pitcher steve barber joined the club one week ago after completing his hitch under the army's [sped up] wintertime military course , also at fort knox , ky. .

The schedules are flexible so that the program can be accelerated as the public becomes more tolerant or realizes that it is something that has to be done , `` so why not now '' .
the schedules are flexible so that the program can be [sped up] as the public becomes more tolerant or realizes that it is something that has to be done , `` so why not now '' .

As the pace of the quadrennial American political festival accelerated , Mr. White took more notes .
as the pace of the quadrennial american political festival [sped up] , mr. white took more notes .

Virtually everyone agrees , however , that the trend toward female sexual aggressiveness was tremendously accelerated with the postwar rush to the suburbs .
virtually everyone agrees , however , that the trend toward female sexual aggressiveness was tremendously [sped up] with the postwar rush to the suburbs .

The accelerated pace of metropolitan changes has accentuated the drive to conformity in congregations of the major denominations .
the [sped up] pace of metropolitan changes has accentuated the drive to conformity in congregations of the major denominations .

Within their confines , moreover , technological and industrial growth has proceeded at an accelerated pace , thus increasing the cornucopia from which material wants can be satisfied .
within their confines , moreover , technological and industrial growth has proceeded at an [sped up] pace , thus increasing the cornucopia from which material wants can be satisfied .

the process can be accelerated .
the process can be [sped up] .

Recent events -- particularly the necessity of providing planning information for the statewide origin/destination study of the Department of Public Works -- indicate that this schedule will have to be accelerated .
recent events -- particularly the necessity of providing planning information for the statewide origin/destination study of the department of public works -- indicate that this schedule will have to be [sped up] .

Our efforts to overcome the lead of the Russians in space are bound to mean accelerated Federal spending .
our efforts to overcome the lead of the russians in space are bound to mean [sped up] federal spending .

The pace could now be accelerated , for the inhabitants of the Aegean stood on firm ground .
the pace could now be [sped up] , for the inhabitants of the aegean stood on firm ground .

So as the years passed , I saw them each time in the light of an accelerated personal conflagration .
so as the years passed , i saw them each time in the light of an [sped up] personal conflagration .

Since experience indicates that effluents from oxidation ponds do not create major problems at these BOD concentrations , the goal for the effluent quality of the accelerated treatment system was the same as from conventional oxidation ponds .
since experience indicates that effluents from oxidation ponds do not create major problems at these bod concentrations , the goal for the effluent quality of the [sped up] treatment system was the same as from conventional oxidation ponds .

These tests are not accelerated and must be repeated to evaluate dimensional changes after repeated launderings .
these tests are not [sped up] and must be repeated to evaluate dimensional changes after repeated launderings .

accelerated elastic band
[sped up] elastic band

The driver said he accelerated and took refuge in the New Lodge Road area .
the driver said he [sped up] and took refuge in the new lodge road area .

The Baku boom was accelerated when transnational capitalists such as the Nobels and the Rothschilds became involved .
the baku boom was [sped up] when transnational capitalists such as the nobels and the rothschilds became involved .

The phenomenal Japanese expansion of the late 1950s , in which production outstripped consumption and accumulation accelerated enormously , was altogether exceptional and only temporarily sustainable .
the phenomenal japanese expansion of the late 1950s , in which production outstripped consumption and accumulation [sped up] enormously , was altogether exceptional and only temporarily sustainable .

By 1955 export prices were down to world levels , a development which must have accelerated the scrapping of old plant .
by 1955 export prices were down to world levels , a development which must have [sped up] the scrapping of old plant .

Annual money wage increases rose to about twice those of the mid-fifties , and product wages ( real wages in terms of the product ) accelerated as well .
annual money wage increases rose to about twice those of the mid-fifties , and product wages ( real wages in terms of the product ) [sped up] as well .

Product wages probably accelerated only about half as much in the largest firms as in the smallest , thus facilitating the expansion of the former as the latter were knocked out .
product wages probably [sped up] only about half as much in the largest firms as in the smallest , thus facilitating the expansion of the former as the latter were knocked out .

But as accumulation accelerated , capital intensity increased .
but as accumulation [sped up] , capital intensity increased .

The more innovative included accelerated depreciation on ‘ special machinery ’ , ‘ special repairs ’ ( to heavy plant ) , research and development , exemption from tax on income from sales of ‘ important new products ’ , exemption from customs duty on ‘ important equipment ’ and exemption of certain exports from income tax .
the more innovative included [sped up] depreciation on ‘ special machinery ’ , ‘ special repairs ’ ( to heavy plant ) , research and development , exemption from tax on income from sales of ‘ important new products ’ , exemption from customs duty on ‘ important equipment ’ and exemption of certain exports from income tax .

This is no coincidence : accelerated accumulation , combined with labour shortage , was the basic cause of the profits squeeze .
this is no coincidence : [sped up] accumulation , combined with labour shortage , was the basic cause of the profits squeeze .

Whether or not accelerated product wages lead to a faster increase in living standards depends on how the prices of the goods that workers consume move relative to those that they produce , and on any changes in the proportion of their incomes that workers pay in taxation which are not reflected in increased benefits or social services .
whether or not [sped up] product wages lead to a faster increase in living standards depends on how the prices of the goods that workers consume move relative to those that they produce , and on any changes in the proportion of their incomes that workers pay in taxation which are not reflected in increased benefits or social services .

But the substantial cut in military spending which allowed accelerated expansion of welfare services without a correspondingly faster rise in the burden of taxation represented a gain for workers .
but the substantial cut in military spending which allowed [sped up] expansion of welfare services without a correspondingly faster rise in the burden of taxation represented a gain for workers .

Prices accelerated for a number of interrelated reasons .
prices [sped up] for a number of interrelated reasons .

But in the early seventies the cost of imported raw materials accelerated rapidly ( chapter 12 ) .
but in the early seventies the cost of imported raw materials [sped up] rapidly ( chapter 12 ) .

Accumulation could be maintained only if wages rose and scrapping accelerated .
accumulation could be maintained only if wages rose and scrapping [sped up] .

Prices and wages accelerated upwards and wage explosions occurred in Germany in 1961–2 and in Italy and France in 1962–3 .
prices and wages [sped up] upwards and wage explosions occurred in germany in 1961–2 and in italy and france in 1962–3 .

In the sixties the pace accelerated : 520,000 enrolled in the autumn of 1967 .
in the sixties the pace [sped up] : 520,000 enrolled in the autumn of 1967 .

Inflation had accelerated and commodity prices had gone through the roof .
inflation had [sped up] and commodity prices had gone through the roof .

Suddenly the van accelerated and shot forward at speed .
suddenly the van [sped up] and shot forward at speed .

Burgess accelerated away and police followed .
burgess [sped up] away and police followed .

Teesside has long demanded an improved service , accelerated by the demise of the Cleveland Executive two years ago which deprived one of Europe 's biggest urban and industrial conurbations of a direct service to London .
teesside has long demanded an improved service , [sped up] by the demise of the cleveland executive two years ago which deprived one of europe 's biggest urban and industrial conurbations of a direct service to london .

Teesside has long demanded an improved service , accelerated by the demise of the Cleveland Executive two years ago which deprived one of Europe 's biggest urban and industrial conurbations of a direct service to London .
teesside has long demanded an improved service , [sped up] by the demise of the cleveland executive two years ago which deprived one of europe 's biggest urban and industrial conurbations of a direct service to london .

But Buckingham has always been close to her heart : she officially opened the university sixteen years ago and smiles upon its system of accelerated degrees and open access .
but buckingham has always been close to her heart : she officially opened the university sixteen years ago and smiles upon its system of [sped up] degrees and open access .

These agents are unfortunately fairly easy to come by and the Iraqis have already proven themselves to be masters of er subversive acquisition , er given that they are also now fired with a certain amount of fundamentalism , and should they find their backs to the wall , that even be accelerated .
these agents are unfortunately fairly easy to come by and the iraqis have already proven themselves to be masters of er subversive acquisition , er given that they are also now fired with a certain amount of fundamentalism , and should they find their backs to the wall , that even be [sped up] .

‘ With Jim 's assistance , we have now established many areas of use , ranging from optimisation of additive and polymer levels in powders through to statistical treatment of accelerated weathering data . ’
‘ with jim 's assistance , we have now established many areas of use , ranging from optimisation of additive and polymer levels in powders through to statistical treatment of [sped up] weathering data . ’

The initiative was fully supported by the Petrochemicals business and Phillips Imperial Petroleum have significantly accelerated the asbestos stripping programme on the Crude Oil Unit .
the initiative was fully supported by the petrochemicals business and phillips imperial petroleum have significantly [sped up] the asbestos stripping programme on the crude oil unit .

‘ Rumours ’ really accelerated the whole gig to very high levels , which became hard to live up to .
‘ rumours ’ really [sped up] the whole gig to very high levels , which became hard to live up to .

In many cases treatment is enhanced , as well as accelerated , when such memories are recalled .
in many cases treatment is enhanced , as well as [sped up] , when such memories are recalled .

After spraying on the etch-resist , it can be left to dry in subdued light at room temperature which could take up to 24 hours but can be accelerated by warming the board in a low oven ( not a fan-assisted type ) at about 70 degrees maximum .
after spraying on the etch-resist , it can be left to dry in subdued light at room temperature which could take up to 24 hours but can be [sped up] by warming the board in a low oven ( not a fan-assisted type ) at about 70 degrees maximum .

Accelerated growth of algae partially poisoned with copper sulphate has been claimed when these were treated with a 30th potency of copper sulphate , but Moss was not able to repeat this work .
[sped up] growth of algae partially poisoned with copper sulphate has been claimed when these were treated with a 30th potency of copper sulphate , but moss was not able to repeat this work .

But frantic Steve did n't hear them , accelerated forward to free Jacko and killed the cat on the spot .
but frantic steve did n't hear them , [sped up] forward to free jacko and killed the cat on the spot .

Cooling could well have been accelerated .
cooling could well have been [sped up] .

Given low absolute levels of productivity , Britain 's accelerated productivity growth over the post-war period might well appear as something of an easy success .
given low absolute levels of productivity , britain 's [sped up] productivity growth over the post-war period might well appear as something of an easy success .

That the rate of growth accelerated after 1945 is some measure of the impact of the Second World War ; but to the question of whether the institutional changes this embodied were enough to match the requirements of rapid economic growth , the answer is clearly no .
that the rate of growth [sped up] after 1945 is some measure of the impact of the second world war ; but to the question of whether the institutional changes this embodied were enough to match the requirements of rapid economic growth , the answer is clearly no .

For instance , a particular type of aircraft with specified engines in established weather conditions will , at a known weight , accelerate to the appropriate speed for take-off in a predetermined distance along the runway , following which it will be accelerated to a specified speed and achieve a pre-established rate of climb during which the landing gear will be retracted , taking a known period of time .
for instance , a particular type of aircraft with specified engines in established weather conditions will , at a known weight , accelerate to the appropriate speed for take-off in a predetermined distance along the runway , following which it will be [sped up] to a specified speed and achieve a pre-established rate of climb during which the landing gear will be retracted , taking a known period of time .

Punishing accelerated weather tests are performed .
punishing [sped up] weather tests are performed .

The problems leading to flat roof failure are well-known — blistering , wrinkling , cracking , splitting etc. too often lead to accelerated ageing and subsequent failure .
the problems leading to flat roof failure are well-known — blistering , wrinkling , cracking , splitting etc. too often lead to [sped up] ageing and subsequent failure .

At the age of around thirty-five , we start to lose calcium faster than we can replace it — a process accelerated by hormonal changes during the menopause .
at the age of around thirty-five , we start to lose calcium faster than we can replace it — a process [sped up] by hormonal changes during the menopause .

Hunched over the wheel , Angel accelerated .
hunched over the wheel , angel [sped up] .

Wordsworth had been exhausted by his efforts as early as 1804 ( see Ode to Duty ) , and he would probably have returned to conventional pieties and religion even if his brother 's death had not accelerated to process .
wordsworth had been exhausted by his efforts as early as 1804 ( see ode to duty ) , and he would probably have returned to conventional pieties and religion even if his brother 's death had not [sped up] to process .

This trend may be accelerated by an increase in telecommuting ( working from home via a telecommunications link ) .
this trend may be [sped up] by an increase in telecommuting ( working from home via a telecommunications link ) .

, Hot air is not filtered before being drawn into the engine and while you are on the ground probably contains dust particles which can easily cause accelerated engine ) .
, hot air is not filtered before being drawn into the engine and while you are on the ground probably contains dust particles which can easily cause [sped up] engine ) .

What has destroyed this is a shift , accelerated in the late 1980s , away from the notion that public bodies should represent the public .
what has destroyed this is a shift , [sped up] in the late 1980s , away from the notion that public bodies should represent the public .

The charge for taxation is based on the profit for the period and takes into account taxation deferred or accelerated because of timing differences between the treatment of certain items for accounting and taxation purposes .
the charge for taxation is based on the profit for the period and takes into account taxation deferred or [sped up] because of timing differences between the treatment of certain items for accounting and taxation purposes .

’ He dashed into the nearest shop doorway at the cab took off from the kerb again and accelerated away down the street .
’ he dashed into the nearest shop doorway at the cab took off from the kerb again and [sped up] away down the street .

Second , the report highlights the inadequacy of the curriculum in the fourth and fifth years and as Galloway ( 1982 ) discovered this was the age at which suspension rates accelerated .
second , the report highlights the inadequacy of the curriculum in the fourth and fifth years and as galloway ( 1982 ) discovered this was the age at which suspension rates [sped up] .

Any victory merely slowed inevitable defeat ; any defeat accelerated the process immeasurably .
any victory merely slowed inevitable defeat ; any defeat [sped up] the process immeasurably .

At first that change was gradual but it soon accelerated .
at first that change was gradual but it soon [sped up] .

In recent years that change has clearly accelerated ; indeed , the technological threat has made it even more important to plan ahead and to plan for radical change .
in recent years that change has clearly [sped up] ; indeed , the technological threat has made it even more important to plan ahead and to plan for radical change .

The measures , except for the rule regarding accelerated accrual rates , are unlikely to affect anyone who has been in a pension scheme prior to March 1987 and remains with the same employer .
the measures , except for the rule regarding [sped up] accrual rates , are unlikely to affect anyone who has been in a pension scheme prior to march 1987 and remains with the same employer .

Accelerated accrual rates .
[sped up] accrual rates .

In spite of victory , Britain 's participation in two world wars accelerated social changes , altering both social attitudes and power relations .
in spite of victory , britain 's participation in two world wars [sped up] social changes , altering both social attitudes and power relations .

It can hardly be coincidental that these remarkable evolutionary events , taking place within only a few million years , correspond so closely in time with an episode of exceptional igneous and urogenic activity ( Larsen & Pitman , 1972 ) , the rapid disintegration of Pangaea ( Hallam , 1980 ) and the biggest marine transgression since the mid-Palaeozoic , apparently produced either by a phase of accelerated sea-floor spreading or by a dramatic increase in the length of the ocean ridge system .
it can hardly be coincidental that these remarkable evolutionary events , taking place within only a few million years , correspond so closely in time with an episode of exceptional igneous and urogenic activity ( larsen & pitman , 1972 ) , the rapid disintegration of pangaea ( hallam , 1980 ) and the biggest marine transgression since the mid-palaeozoic , apparently produced either by a phase of [sped up] sea-floor spreading or by a dramatic increase in the length of the ocean ridge system .

For a few brief moments Carnelian 's face might have been that of a Polymorphine shape-shifter viewed at fast-forward speed passing through absurdly accelerated transformations .
for a few brief moments carnelian 's face might have been that of a polymorphine shape-shifter viewed at fast-forward speed passing through absurdly [sped up] transformations .

Adult speech which contains a relatively high proportion of statements or declaratives has been associated with accelerated language development in young children , while studies of pre-schoolers have indicated that conversations are more likely to be maintained over a number of turns if adults make positive contributions by adding new information ( Wood et al .
adult speech which contains a relatively high proportion of statements or declaratives has been associated with [sped up] language development in young children , while studies of pre-schoolers have indicated that conversations are more likely to be maintained over a number of turns if adults make positive contributions by adding new information ( wood et al .

Therapeutic recommendations involve moving beyond a description and interpretation of the child 's difficulties , and expressing a commitment to a theoretical framework concerning how changes can be initiated or accelerated .
therapeutic recommendations involve moving beyond a description and interpretation of the child 's difficulties , and expressing a commitment to a theoretical framework concerning how changes can be initiated or [sped up] .

It fades hair 's natural pigment and the process is accelerated in colour-treated hair .
it fades hair 's natural pigment and the process is [sped up] in colour-treated hair .

These three aspects are to some extent interrelated in that , for example , at higher temperatures water quality may deteriorate more rapidly than at low temperatures and under conditions of crowding , the deterioration of water quality will also be accelerated .
these three aspects are to some extent interrelated in that , for example , at higher temperatures water quality may deteriorate more rapidly than at low temperatures and under conditions of crowding , the deterioration of water quality will also be [sped up] .

It should be pointed out that the decline has not just been in evidence under the Conservative government , but was also apparent before 1979 , although it has accelerated subsequently .
it should be pointed out that the decline has not just been in evidence under the conservative government , but was also apparent before 1979 , although it has [sped up] subsequently .

Atomic energies are written in units called eV , short for electron-volts , one electron-volt being the energy an electron gains when accelerated by a one volt potential .
atomic energies are written in units called ev , short for electron-volts , one electron-volt being the energy an electron gains when [sped up] by a one volt potential .

He turned and ran , darting to the side of the road , aware that the car had accelerated in pursuit .
he turned and ran , darting to the side of the road , aware that the car had [sped up] in pursuit .

As the descent into anarchy accelerated in the later 1930s , the British peace movement split apart as never before or since .
as the descent into anarchy [sped up] in the later 1930s , the british peace movement split apart as never before or since .

‘ It has accelerated progress in changing out-dated organisational attitudes and has reinforced the need for employers to treat equal opportunities as a mainstream business issue , ’ says Lady Howe .
‘ it has [sped up] progress in changing out-dated organisational attitudes and has reinforced the need for employers to treat equal opportunities as a mainstream business issue , ’ says lady howe .

from a deliberately slow start , he went past 10 miles in around 1:25 then accelerated through the second half of the race to turn in a respectable 2:42:31 .
from a deliberately slow start , he went past 10 miles in around 1:25 then [sped up] through the second half of the race to turn in a respectable 2:42:31 .

‘ Not wanting to attract any more attention than necessary in an as yet unannounced vehicle , he accelerated to gain some distance . ’
‘ not wanting to attract any more attention than necessary in an as yet unannounced vehicle , he [sped up] to gain some distance . ’

Gamma-ray emission from fast pulsars can be interpreted as radiation ( curvature radiation , inverse Compton scattering or synchrotron radiation ) from particles accelerated in the pulsar magnetosphere , either near the surface or in vacuum gaps in the outer magnetosphere .
gamma-ray emission from fast pulsars can be interpreted as radiation ( curvature radiation , inverse compton scattering or synchrotron radiation ) from particles [sped up] in the pulsar magnetosphere , either near the surface or in vacuum gaps in the outer magnetosphere .

Accelerated soil erosion around a Mexican highland lake caused by prehispanic agriculture
[sped up] soil erosion around a mexican highland lake caused by prehispanic agriculture

Data on accelerated soil erosion in the tropics is generally derived from small experimental plots , with only a few years of data .
data on [sped up] soil erosion in the tropics is generally derived from small experimental plots , with only a few years of data .

Hence it is difficult to derive accurate and spatially-representative predictions of the impact of future land-use change or to examine the long-term stability of lake ecosystems in the face of repeated episodes of accelerated nutrient input .
hence it is difficult to derive accurate and spatially-representative predictions of the impact of future land-use change or to examine the long-term stability of lake ecosystems in the face of repeated episodes of [sped up] nutrient input .

In the mid-1980s , the pace of immigration into Western Europe accelerated .
in the mid-1980s , the pace of immigration into western europe [sped up] .

Accelerated promotion in an East Indiaman was only to be obtained through political or family interest , such as that exerted by the Earl of Findlater upon James Oswald of Dunnikier .
[sped up] promotion in an east indiaman was only to be obtained through political or family interest , such as that exerted by the earl of findlater upon james oswald of dunnikier .

Patronage in effect chose from among the qualified candidates those whose rise would be accelerated , and its advantages in easing the movement upwards on a rapidly narrowing ladder is evident .
patronage in effect chose from among the qualified candidates those whose rise would be [sped up] , and its advantages in easing the movement upwards on a rapidly narrowing ladder is evident .

The trend accelerated greatly with the coming of Independence to India in 1947 and then to other countries of the Far East .
the trend [sped up] greatly with the coming of independence to india in 1947 and then to other countries of the far east .

This process has accelerated in the twentieth century and , we argue , reached completion in the twenty years following the Second World War .
this process has [sped up] in the twentieth century and , we argue , reached completion in the twenty years following the second world war .

As the rotation accelerated , the aircraft would swing outwards , from a wing-level to a steeply banked attitude , with more cable being gradually paid out until , having attained flying speed , it could be ‘ released smoothly under its own power , without fear of stalling ’ .
as the rotation [sped up] , the aircraft would swing outwards , from a wing-level to a steeply banked attitude , with more cable being gradually paid out until , having attained flying speed , it could be ‘ released smoothly under its own power , without fear of stalling ’ .

However , it is also important to appreciate that the dynamics of ‘ race ’ and racism as dimensions of British society and education are now significantly affected by the ‘ racialization ’ of British politics and the accelerated decline of the British economy in the context of recession and very specific state policies , some of which bear down particularly hard on black youth .
however , it is also important to appreciate that the dynamics of ‘ race ’ and racism as dimensions of british society and education are now significantly affected by the ‘ racialization ’ of british politics and the [sped up] decline of the british economy in the context of recession and very specific state policies , some of which bear down particularly hard on black youth .

Wonder accelerated to amazement when Humphrey Bogart and Lauren Bacall turned up , saw the plays , and fell for Burton .
wonder [sped up] to amazement when humphrey bogart and lauren bacall turned up , saw the plays , and fell for burton .

It accelerated in the nineteenth century as industrialisation took place , and increased even more rapidly in the twentieth century under the impact of advanced technology and science .
it [sped up] in the nineteenth century as industrialisation took place , and increased even more rapidly in the twentieth century under the impact of advanced technology and science .

The Reformation accelerated this process , even though the Bible had become the primary if not the sole authority of the churches .
the reformation [sped up] this process , even though the bible had become the primary if not the sole authority of the churches .

Many of these features of the modern world were only the surface manifestations of the much greater structural changes begun in early industrialism and accelerated since the Second World War .
many of these features of the modern world were only the surface manifestations of the much greater structural changes begun in early industrialism and [sped up] since the second world war .

Overall , consumers save more than they borrow , though in the last year or so borrowing has accelerated more than saving .
overall , consumers save more than they borrow , though in the last year or so borrowing has [sped up] more than saving .

If only to improve the international capacity of their state and society to engage in economic , military and diplomatic competition , state elites have institutional interests in expanded welfare services and military — industrial complexes , which in turn give an impetus to the accelerated growth of state personnel , tasks and technologies .
if only to improve the international capacity of their state and society to engage in economic , military and diplomatic competition , state elites have institutional interests in expanded welfare services and military — industrial complexes , which in turn give an impetus to the [sped up] growth of state personnel , tasks and technologies .

Fascism resulted from the frustration with , and alienation from , a system in which politicians were obsessed with the conventions of party politics to the detriment of the need for radical change ( highlighted by the First World War ) ; and radical change was vital if Britain 's accelerated economic and political decline was to be reversed .
fascism resulted from the frustration with , and alienation from , a system in which politicians were obsessed with the conventions of party politics to the detriment of the need for radical change ( highlighted by the first world war ) ; and radical change was vital if britain 's [sped up] economic and political decline was to be reversed .

Our mass communications make us take such processes for granted : we must remember that television and jet-travel have greatly expanded and accelerated the volume and intensity of such exchanges .
our mass communications make us take such processes for granted : we must remember that television and jet-travel have greatly expanded and [sped up] the volume and intensity of such exchanges .

She remembered everything at once then , in one big bright colourful blurt of sound and light and music and immensely accelerated action .
she remembered everything at once then , in one big bright colourful blurt of sound and light and music and immensely [sped up] action .

Or again , it is as though the disorganized and random bursts of photons present in a beam of white light were suddenly all being accelerated and agitated to precisely the same frequency and directed at the same spot — to produce the awesome source of energy that we have come to know as the laser .
or again , it is as though the disorganized and random bursts of photons present in a beam of white light were suddenly all being [sped up] and agitated to precisely the same frequency and directed at the same spot — to produce the awesome source of energy that we have come to know as the laser .

He imagined bone-wrenching exercises and an accelerated real-food diet , such as had been distinctly lacking since his father 's shaming .
he imagined bone-wrenching exercises and an [sped up] real-food diet , such as had been distinctly lacking since his father 's shaming .

said the tower beside them as a spray of accelerated star discs impacted overhead .
said the tower beside them as a spray of [sped up] star discs impacted overhead .

Wind speeds are accelerated in valleys and building in exposed locations can invite structural damage both during and after construction .
wind speeds are [sped up] in valleys and building in exposed locations can invite structural damage both during and after construction .

His important address to the ideology conference in December 1984 , shortly before taking office , stressed the ‘ necessity of a fundamental change through accelerated economic development ’ and pointed to glasnost ' as a means of promoting this process .
his important address to the ideology conference in december 1984 , shortly before taking office , stressed the ‘ necessity of a fundamental change through [sped up] economic development ’ and pointed to glasnost ' as a means of promoting this process .

Checking her rear-view mirror , she accelerated and moved into the centre of the road , not noticing the dark-grey jeep pulling out in front of the truck .
checking her rear-view mirror , she [sped up] and moved into the centre of the road , not noticing the dark-grey jeep pulling out in front of the truck .

The Doctor recognized the signs of an unstable metabolism that had been forced into accelerated decay .
the doctor recognized the signs of an unstable metabolism that had been forced into [sped up] decay .

These trends continued and accelerated in the 1970s , and are discussed more fully in the summary at the end of this section , but in advance of the more definitive work allowed by the 1981 Census , a number of local studies began to identify a group of common themes .
these trends continued and [sped up] in the 1970s , and are discussed more fully in the summary at the end of this section , but in advance of the more definitive work allowed by the 1981 census , a number of local studies began to identify a group of common themes .

Accelerated depopulation
[sped up] depopulation

Accelerated growth and Matthieu and Bontron ( 1973 ) who divided population change in France between 1962 and 1968 into :
[sped up] growth and matthieu and bontron ( 1973 ) who divided population change in france between 1962 and 1968 into :

The eighteenth century witnessed a substantial rise in population which accelerated even further at the beginning of the nineteenth century .
the eighteenth century witnessed a substantial rise in population which [sped up] even further at the beginning of the nineteenth century .

The return of the Conservative Party to power in 1979 simply accelerated the collapse of regional policies ; they were now seen as unhelpful both in theoretical as well as pragmatic terms .
the return of the conservative party to power in 1979 simply [sped up] the collapse of regional policies ; they were now seen as unhelpful both in theoretical as well as pragmatic terms .

Though this process had started long ago , it had accelerated recently .
though this process had started long ago , it had [sped up] recently .

In one sense , the shift of population away from the original urban cores is by no means a new development ; suburban expansion was already underway before the end of the nineteenth century and accelerated dramatically in the interwar period .
in one sense , the shift of population away from the original urban cores is by no means a new development ; suburban expansion was already underway before the end of the nineteenth century and [sped up] dramatically in the interwar period .

Both have been accelerated since the war by the widespread application of the internal combustion engine .
both have been [sped up] since the war by the widespread application of the internal combustion engine .

This latter move was accelerated by Mrs Thatcher 's policy of council house sales .
this latter move was [sped up] by mrs thatcher 's policy of council house sales .

With the spread of home ownership , a process that began in earnest during the inter-war years and has accelerated since the 1960s , the passing on of the family home will become an increasingly important aspect of defining who owns what , and confirming the advantages enjoyed by some groups of the population .
with the spread of home ownership , a process that began in earnest during the inter-war years and has [sped up] since the 1960s , the passing on of the family home will become an increasingly important aspect of defining who owns what , and confirming the advantages enjoyed by some groups of the population .

Cultural change in divisional and operational managements was accelerated not only through their crucial role in the participative process of work reorganization but also by the widening of their responsibilities to include important plant-level finance and marketing decisions .
cultural change in divisional and operational managements was [sped up] not only through their crucial role in the participative process of work reorganization but also by the widening of their responsibilities to include important plant-level finance and marketing decisions .

Production is not accelerated by redesigning work downwards in its skill content , by simplifying it further and separating the workers more one from the other , as in the classical modernist organization under Fordism .
production is not [sped up] by redesigning work downwards in its skill content , by simplifying it further and separating the workers more one from the other , as in the classical modernist organization under fordism .

If we look at the development of computers over the past 30 years we see accelerated change of a phenomenal nature .
if we look at the development of computers over the past 30 years we see [sped up] change of a phenomenal nature .

The implications of this accelerated diffusion of technology and rapid translation into innovative products are that companies have very little time to rest on the strength of any one currently successful product .
the implications of this [sped up] diffusion of technology and rapid translation into innovative products are that companies have very little time to rest on the strength of any one currently successful product .

Accelerated rates of change demand improved organization and procedures to increase the ability to adapt to new conditions and to conserve money by well-designed , economical manufacturing ; keeping this in focus often requires a single vision .
[sped up] rates of change demand improved organization and procedures to increase the ability to adapt to new conditions and to conserve money by well-designed , economical manufacturing ; keeping this in focus often requires a single vision .

Fishermen blame falling catches on the dam , and the loss of the silt has accelerated the river 's flow .
fishermen blame falling catches on the dam , and the loss of the silt has [sped up] the river 's flow .

The tax charge for the year has been reduced by £572,000 ( 1990 — £902,000 ) in respect of accelerated capital allowances , for which no deferred tax has been provided .
the tax charge for the year has been reduced by £572,000 ( 1990 — £902,000 ) in respect of [sped up] capital allowances , for which no deferred tax has been provided .

The tax charge for the year has been reduced by £4,200 ( 1990 — £2,900 ) in respect of accelerated capital allowances for which no deferred tax has been provided .
the tax charge for the year has been reduced by £4,200 ( 1990 — £2,900 ) in respect of [sped up] capital allowances for which no deferred tax has been provided .

As they accelerated away Joseph turned to stare out of the window and saw the peasant jump up and break into a little celebratory caper in the middle of the road .
as they [sped up] away joseph turned to stare out of the window and saw the peasant jump up and break into a little celebratory caper in the middle of the road .

now adapt this method to observe the fate of mass-selected carbon clusters accelerated into a drift tube filled with inert gas .
now adapt this method to observe the fate of mass-selected carbon clusters [sped up] into a drift tube filled with inert gas .

Also , the Euboian cleruchy may actually and ironically have accelerated the revolt it was designed to prevent — because cleruchiea had a garrison function ; but if the cleruchy was installed as early as 450 it can not have been an immediate grievance .
also , the euboian cleruchy may actually and ironically have [sped up] the revolt it was designed to prevent — because cleruchiea had a garrison function ; but if the cleruchy was installed as early as 450 it can not have been an immediate grievance .

And though the Archidamian War accelerated this process no doubt , Athens was at war , or Athenians were on campaign , like Phormio in Akarnania , virtually every year of the pentekontaetea .
and though the archidamian war [sped up] this process no doubt , athens was at war , or athenians were on campaign , like phormio in akarnania , virtually every year of the pentekontaetea .

modernisation of the railways , energy conservation measures , renewal of urban sewage systems , accelerated house-building programme ) .
modernisation of the railways , energy conservation measures , renewal of urban sewage systems , [sped up] house-building programme ) .

As Raynor ( 1969 , Chapter 2 ) argues , the ‘ middle class ’ was never homogeneous ( in particular it has never been equivalent to Marx 's ‘ bourgeoisie ’ ) , but nonetheless its degree of heterogeneity has been greatly increased over the post-war years , and the shift in the distribution of social labour analysed above has accelerated this process .
as raynor ( 1969 , chapter 2 ) argues , the ‘ middle class ’ was never homogeneous ( in particular it has never been equivalent to marx 's ‘ bourgeoisie ’ ) , but nonetheless its degree of heterogeneity has been greatly increased over the post-war years , and the shift in the distribution of social labour analysed above has [sped up] this process .

It served as a catalyst which greatly accelerated the pace of change within the Empire .
it served as a catalyst which greatly [sped up] the pace of change within the empire .

The incipient trade breakdown which had helped to spark the Petrograd insurrection accelerated after February .
the incipient trade breakdown which had helped to spark the petrograd insurrection [sped up] after february .

In so far as the reforms accelerated the growth of capitalism and differentiation between employer and employee among the peasantry , they served only to intensify the misery and oppression of the poorer peasants , to advance the struggle between rich and poor peasants .
in so far as the reforms [sped up] the growth of capitalism and differentiation between employer and employee among the peasantry , they served only to intensify the misery and oppression of the poorer peasants , to advance the struggle between rich and poor peasants .

The Peugeot accelerated , its wipers flashing at double rate against the driving rain .
the peugeot [sped up] , its wipers flashing at double rate against the driving rain .

The decline in the size of the privately rented sector was rapid , and towards the later part of this period it was accelerated by slum clearance .
the decline in the size of the privately rented sector was rapid , and towards the later part of this period it was [sped up] by slum clearance .

Over the past five years the pace of discharges from psychiatric hospitals has accelerated as elderly patients have been transferred to the community .
over the past five years the pace of discharges from psychiatric hospitals has [sped up] as elderly patients have been transferred to the community .

The data suggest that the underlying increase has accelerated since 1990 .
the data suggest that the underlying increase has [sped up] since 1990 .

Only towards the end of the Second Empire , when the increasing pace of modern capitalism accelerated the decline of the old economic infrastructure , did the serene and apparently permanent reality of the bourgeois political and social order begin to show signs of crumbling .
only towards the end of the second empire , when the increasing pace of modern capitalism [sped up] the decline of the old economic infrastructure , did the serene and apparently permanent reality of the bourgeois political and social order begin to show signs of crumbling .

Business confidence was greatly boosted after June 1948 by the introduction of a new , stable currency and heavy industrial output was accelerated under the Marshall Plan .
business confidence was greatly boosted after june 1948 by the introduction of a new , stable currency and heavy industrial output was [sped up] under the marshall plan .

Indeed , since the First World War , the development of archaeology has accelerated dramatically .
indeed , since the first world war , the development of archaeology has [sped up] dramatically .

Gradually the walls collapse , a process often accelerated by the penetration of plant and tree roots between the stones .
gradually the walls collapse , a process often [sped up] by the penetration of plant and tree roots between the stones .

The Martian encampment they find may be deserted but the lichen-like vegetation , triggered into accelerated growth by a light drizzle of rain , proves more than just a minor hazard for the astronauts as they race against time to repair the ship .
the martian encampment they find may be deserted but the lichen-like vegetation , triggered into [sped up] growth by a light drizzle of rain , proves more than just a minor hazard for the astronauts as they race against time to repair the ship .

He turned the speeder towards them , and accelerated .
he turned the speeder towards them , and [sped up] .

The shuttle trembled violently as it accelerated along the runway .
the shuttle trembled violently as it [sped up] along the runway .

Ace staggered as the shuttle accelerated with a kick .
ace staggered as the shuttle [sped up] with a kick .

Trailed by a cloud of exhaust fumes , he accelerated up the road .
trailed by a cloud of exhaust fumes , he [sped up] up the road .

The craft and everything in it had accelerated .
the craft and everything in it had [sped up] .

The beams had n't accelerated — not while they were on their journey from the lamp to herself .
the beams had n't [sped up] — not while they were on their journey from the lamp to herself .

But she had accelerated — away from the beams coming from the back .
but she had [sped up] — away from the beams coming from the back .

When you accelerated towards the light coming from the front , you met up with the humps and dips faster-they appeared to be squashed up together .
when you [sped up] towards the light coming from the front , you met up with the humps and dips faster-they appeared to be squashed up together .

Nada accelerated as a wave broke behind us .
nada [sped up] as a wave broke behind us .

It accelerated like one of those old twentieth century water-speed record breakers and hurtled over the water !
it [sped up] like one of those old twentieth century water-speed record breakers and hurtled over the water !

He even realised that we might slide off him when he accelerated , and provided us with a vine , like a rope , to hang on to .
he even realised that we might slide off him when he [sped up] , and provided us with a vine , like a rope , to hang on to .

As production at the new factory had accelerated beyond anyone 's predictions , no one had stopped to consider effluent .
as production at the new factory had [sped up] beyond anyone 's predictions , no one had stopped to consider effluent .

The engineering drawing itself accelerated this process , because projects carefully worked out in advance on paper could be carried out by many workers each doing a small repetitive part of the whole operation , perhaps in distant factories and workshops .
the engineering drawing itself [sped up] this process , because projects carefully worked out in advance on paper could be carried out by many workers each doing a small repetitive part of the whole operation , perhaps in distant factories and workshops .

The coming of chemistry revolutionized astronomy as the coming of terrestrial mechanics had done in Galileo 's day ; it accelerated the move from positional astronomy towards physical astronomy , where the stars are not simply fixed points but entities which have evolutionary histories and form part of great systems .
the coming of chemistry revolutionized astronomy as the coming of terrestrial mechanics had done in galileo 's day ; it [sped up] the move from positional astronomy towards physical astronomy , where the stars are not simply fixed points but entities which have evolutionary histories and form part of great systems .

Its headlights came on full beam , and it accelerated away with a rising roar which brought heads to windows all along the street .
its headlights came on full beam , and it [sped up] away with a rising roar which brought heads to windows all along the street .

( 5 ) They had accelerated the process of development too rapidly and their hard currency 83
( 5 ) they had [sped up] the process of development too rapidly and their hard currency 83

He accelerated up a dark and steep hill and finally they emerged on to the flat expanse of Blackheath .
he [sped up] up a dark and steep hill and finally they emerged on to the flat expanse of blackheath .

The North has been hit by changes in the British economy ; changes which were already apparent before the Conservatives took office , but which accelerated during the 1980s .
the north has been hit by changes in the british economy ; changes which were already apparent before the conservatives took office , but which [sped up] during the 1980s .

But two more recent developments accelerated the process and brought things to where they stand today .
but two more recent developments [sped up] the process and brought things to where they stand today .

When this process is accelerated , the result is dandruff .
when this process is [sped up] , the result is dandruff .

One salutary study linking stress to accelerated ageing comes from the Canadian Institute of Stress in Toronto .
one salutary study linking stress to [sped up] ageing comes from the canadian institute of stress in toronto .

The Rover accelerated round the bend .
the rover [sped up] round the bend .

The latter fell from 7.7 million in 1973 to 5.1 million in 1990 because of the effects of recession conditions in 1979–82 , the accelerated growth in productivity after 1980 and the application of new technology .
the latter fell from 7.7 million in 1973 to 5.1 million in 1990 because of the effects of recession conditions in 1979–82 , the [sped up] growth in productivity after 1980 and the application of new technology .

For various reasons including the growth of the elderly population , the fall in the birth rate , the increase in the number of young adults and the rising divorce rate , the long-term trend towards smaller average household size has continued and even accelerated over the past two decades .
for various reasons including the growth of the elderly population , the fall in the birth rate , the increase in the number of young adults and the rising divorce rate , the long-term trend towards smaller average household size has continued and even [sped up] over the past two decades .

The rate and physical extent of suburban and ‘ exurban ’ growth accelerated rapidly in the inter-war period , with the sharp increase in car ownership , but it has taken on even greater numerical and spatial dimensions since the early 1950s .
the rate and physical extent of suburban and ‘ exurban ’ growth [sped up] rapidly in the inter-war period , with the sharp increase in car ownership , but it has taken on even greater numerical and spatial dimensions since the early 1950s .

Elements of accelerated de-industrialization
elements of [sped up] de-industrialization

The miners ' strike of 1984–85 correctly anticipated an accelerated run-down of employment by British Coal .
the miners ' strike of 1984–85 correctly anticipated an [sped up] run-down of employment by british coal .

In the 1950s European population was still concentrating into metropolitan cores ( perhaps in part as a process of adjustment to rebuilt cities ) , but by the 1960s a reversal had taken place , with people decentralizing from cores to rings , a process which accelerated in the 1970s .
in the 1950s european population was still concentrating into metropolitan cores ( perhaps in part as a process of adjustment to rebuilt cities ) , but by the 1960s a reversal had taken place , with people decentralizing from cores to rings , a process which [sped up] in the 1970s .

This forecast rate of increase simply did not materialize , and once again British cities got by with incremental adjustments , while an accelerated process of decentralization helped to transfer traffic flows from the centre to a series of nodes within the city region .
this forecast rate of increase simply did not materialize , and once again british cities got by with incremental adjustments , while an [sped up] process of decentralization helped to transfer traffic flows from the centre to a series of nodes within the city region .

Because he 'd been a graduate entrant , accelerated promotion had been guaranteed .
because he 'd been a graduate entrant , [sped up] promotion had been guaranteed .

‘ They 're really going to come after us now , ’ said Billie , pinned to the seat as it accelerated through the corners .
‘ they 're really going to come after us now , ’ said billie , pinned to the seat as it [sped up] through the corners .

Donna accelerated , seeing a crossroads ahead .
donna [sped up] , seeing a crossroads ahead .

Verity just went ‘ Whoa-yeah ! ’ like she 'd accomplished something , jiggled the steering wheel once and accelerated cleanly away .
verity just went ‘ whoa-yeah ! ’ like she 'd accomplished something , jiggled the steering wheel once and [sped up] cleanly away .

The Volvo estate accelerated down the straight through the forest towards Port Ann .
the volvo estate [sped up] down the straight through the forest towards port ann .

She was pressed back against the seat as Fergus accelerated again .
she was pressed back against the seat as fergus [sped up] again .

This disappointment , coming at a time when he was already in a precarious state of health , is said to have accelerated Wasbrough 's death , which occurred 21 October 1781 .
this disappointment , coming at a time when he was already in a precarious state of health , is said to have [sped up] wasbrough 's death , which occurred 21 october 1781 .

An incipient federation was the outcome , accompanied by his personal initiative for the accelerated Africanization of the public service .
an incipient federation was the outcome , accompanied by his personal initiative for the [sped up] africanization of the public service .

This new focus has required the replacement of conservatism , which in geomorphology has ignored subjects of topical concern like accelerated soil erosion , and the persistent misconception that denudation chronology can be equated with Davisian cycles ‘ dated ’ by landform geometries ( Butzer , 1980 ) .
this new focus has required the replacement of conservatism , which in geomorphology has ignored subjects of topical concern like [sped up] soil erosion , and the persistent misconception that denudation chronology can be equated with davisian cycles ‘ dated ’ by landform geometries ( butzer , 1980 ) .

It has been argued that special attention should be focused upon the resilience and potential for recovery of the soil profile in view of the inputs induced by man ( Trudgill , 1977 , chapter 8 ) , and the importance of the problem is underlined by Toy ( 1982 ) in a review of accelerated erosion when he concludes that such erosion can be considered to be the pre-eminent environmental problem in the United States by virtue of its widespread occurrence and cumulative cost .
it has been argued that special attention should be focused upon the resilience and potential for recovery of the soil profile in view of the inputs induced by man ( trudgill , 1977 , chapter 8 ) , and the importance of the problem is underlined by toy ( 1982 ) in a review of [sped up] erosion when he concludes that such erosion can be considered to be the pre-eminent environmental problem in the united states by virtue of its widespread occurrence and cumulative cost .

What amounted to a second phase in the Industrial Revolution accelerated world integration and specialization , confirming the division of the world 's peoples into industrial workers in Europe and the eastern United States and producers of raw materials and foodstuffs elsewhere .
what amounted to a second phase in the industrial revolution [sped up] world integration and specialization , confirming the division of the world 's peoples into industrial workers in europe and the eastern united states and producers of raw materials and foodstuffs elsewhere .

Behind they heard the death screams of the abandoned mules , and their steeds accelerated even more whilst the grey ghosts of Murtach 's wolves darted beside them at an impossible speed .
behind they heard the death screams of the abandoned mules , and their steeds [sped up] even more whilst the grey ghosts of murtach 's wolves darted beside them at an impossible speed .

Energetic particles can also be produced in collisions between particles , and particles can be accelerated via changes in the position of the magnetopause resulting from variations in the solar wind , and by changes in the magnetic field configuration in the magnetotail .
energetic particles can also be produced in collisions between particles , and particles can be [sped up] via changes in the position of the magnetopause resulting from variations in the solar wind , and by changes in the magnetic field configuration in the magnetotail .

Looking back at his forlorn figure as the car had accelerated away , she 'd wondered if there might be some way to set him back on his rails .
looking back at his forlorn figure as the car had [sped up] away , she 'd wondered if there might be some way to set him back on his rails .

This positive momentum has accelerated over the last two or three years , though the Campaign is the first to recognise that it is only a modest part of a much larger movement .
this positive momentum has [sped up] over the last two or three years , though the campaign is the first to recognise that it is only a modest part of a much larger movement .

The spectator in movement will see one mass protrude over another with the changes of image accelerated for people passing in cars — a kind of reality fixed in a rapidly changing life .
the spectator in movement will see one mass protrude over another with the changes of image [sped up] for people passing in cars — a kind of reality fixed in a rapidly changing life .

The boom has been fuelled by accelerated demand for consumer products with even small grocery stores receiving up to 12 deliveries every day .
the boom has been fuelled by [sped up] demand for consumer products with even small grocery stores receiving up to 12 deliveries every day .

Europe 's butterfly population has been decimated as accelerated agricultural production has turned grassland , marshland and woodland into farmland .
europe 's butterfly population has been decimated as [sped up] agricultural production has turned grassland , marshland and woodland into farmland .

First signs of the thaw date from 1850 , but the process accelerated during the 1920s , 1960s and 1980s in what could be another manifestation of the greenhouse effect .
first signs of the thaw date from 1850 , but the process [sped up] during the 1920s , 1960s and 1980s in what could be another manifestation of the greenhouse effect .

’ Her breath caught in her throat as he stared at her and her pulse-rate accelerated .
’ her breath caught in her throat as he stared at her and her pulse-rate [sped up] .

He stared down at her and her pulse-rate accelerated dangerously .
he stared down at her and her pulse-rate [sped up] dangerously .

Laura had often wondered whether their union had always been doomed to failure … whether her deep unhappiness at the sudden death of her mother , and her father 's disastrous illness , had merely accelerated the inevitable swift decline and end to her marriage .
laura had often wondered whether their union had always been doomed to failure … whether her deep unhappiness at the sudden death of her mother , and her father 's disastrous illness , had merely [sped up] the inevitable swift decline and end to her marriage .

‘ We 're on our way , ’ reported David into the radio as Greg shot the ambulance into gear , let out the clutch and accelerated away across the field .
‘ we 're on our way , ’ reported david into the radio as greg shot the ambulance into gear , let out the clutch and [sped up] away across the field .

Review of structure plans should be simplified and accelerated , and other major aspects of the planning process should be strengthened — ‘ including some possible limit on the extent of public participation ’ .
review of structure plans should be simplified and [sped up] , and other major aspects of the planning process should be strengthened — ‘ including some possible limit on the extent of public participation ’ .

Those respondents calling for a drastic limitation of the professions ' liability and/or the abolition of the Compensation Fund altogether , often voiced the angry conviction that the transition from profession to trade — with the accompanying loss of status for the services of solicitors which that implied — had accelerated in recent years to the point at which the profession could no longer be called upon to pay for the dubious moral privilege of an ‘ anachronistic ’ system of compensation .
those respondents calling for a drastic limitation of the professions ' liability and/or the abolition of the compensation fund altogether , often voiced the angry conviction that the transition from profession to trade — with the accompanying loss of status for the services of solicitors which that implied — had [sped up] in recent years to the point at which the profession could no longer be called upon to pay for the dubious moral privilege of an ‘ anachronistic ’ system of compensation .

Out in the car park , Lucy handed over the car keys to Virginia and wedged herself into the passenger-seat , glancing rather apprehensively at Virginia as they accelerated slightly too fast out of the car park .
out in the car park , lucy handed over the car keys to virginia and wedged herself into the passenger-seat , glancing rather apprehensively at virginia as they [sped up] slightly too fast out of the car park .

He merely accelerated and , as he passed the bus-stop , he laughed — a grim little laugh that filled Sophie with even more anger .
he merely [sped up] and , as he passed the bus-stop , he laughed — a grim little laugh that filled sophie with even more anger .

Each time the driver braked or accelerated violently she was thrown off balance , barking her shins on various pieces of luggage .
each time the driver braked or [sped up] violently she was thrown off balance , barking her shins on various pieces of luggage .

His body flexed as he hauled the heavy bike up on to the centre stand , and her heart jerked and accelerated to a steady two hundred beats a minute .
his body flexed as he hauled the heavy bike up on to the centre stand , and her heart jerked and [sped up] to a steady two hundred beats a minute .

Her grip tightened as he accelerated , and after a moment or two he coasted slowly into the kerb and stopped .
her grip tightened as he [sped up] , and after a moment or two he coasted slowly into the kerb and stopped .

Her heart had accelerated alarmingly and that same hot electrical charge had raced across her nerve-endings .
her heart had [sped up] alarmingly and that same hot electrical charge had raced across her nerve-endings .

All she had had was a split-second glimpse of a profile as the car had swept past , followed by a fast retreating view of the back of the man 's head as he had accelerated away , and what kind of a basis was that for identification ?
all she had had was a split-second glimpse of a profile as the car had swept past , followed by a fast retreating view of the back of the man 's head as he had [sped up] away , and what kind of a basis was that for identification ?

Discount must also be made for the fact that the dependants will receive an accelerated benefit in the form of a lump sum rather than smaller benefits over a number of years .
discount must also be made for the fact that the dependants will receive an [sped up] benefit in the form of a lump sum rather than smaller benefits over a number of years .

The normal factors are to be taken into account in assessing what the appropriate multiplier should be : the ages of the husband and wife , the ages of any dependent children , the uncertainties of life and the accelerated benefits provided by the lump-sum payment .
the normal factors are to be taken into account in assessing what the appropriate multiplier should be : the ages of the husband and wife , the ages of any dependent children , the uncertainties of life and the [sped up] benefits provided by the lump-sum payment .

He thought that the discount for contingencies should be comparatively small and that the £10,000 the widow received from the estate should give rise to a deduction of £200 from the annual dependency for the accelerated benefit that she received by obtaining it on his death .
he thought that the discount for contingencies should be comparatively small and that the £10,000 the widow received from the estate should give rise to a deduction of £200 from the annual dependency for the [sped up] benefit that she received by obtaining it on his death .

2.44 Lord Morris of Borth-y-Gest valued the dependency at £3,750 on the basis of an annual dependency of £4,000 , less £250 per annum for the accelerated receipt of £10,000 from the deceased 's estate .
2.44 lord morris of borth-y-gest valued the dependency at £3,750 on the basis of an annual dependency of £4,000 , less £250 per annum for the [sped up] receipt of £10,000 from the deceased 's estate .

He would have deducted £200 from the dependency for the accelerated receipt of £10,000 from the deceased 's estate , but would have added £500 for the incidence of taxation .
he would have deducted £200 from the dependency for the [sped up] receipt of £10,000 from the deceased 's estate , but would have added £500 for the incidence of taxation .

2.47 Lord Pearson would have awarded a multiplicand of £4,000 from which he would have deducted £250 for the accelerated receipt of the £10,000 .
2.47 lord pearson would have awarded a multiplicand of £4,000 from which he would have deducted £250 for the [sped up] receipt of the £10,000 .

Without the trees , soil erosion in the area accelerated rapidly .
without the trees , soil erosion in the area [sped up] rapidly .

Government officials have agreed to recommend an accelerated phase-out of the main ozone-destroying chemicals by the end of 1995 to a ministerial meeting in Copenhagen in November of the 82 members of the Montreal Protocol .
government officials have agreed to recommend an [sped up] phase-out of the main ozone-destroying chemicals by the end of 1995 to a ministerial meeting in copenhagen in november of the 82 members of the montreal protocol .

If a human experimenter feeds the bat artificially delayed or accelerated `` echoes `` of its own cries , the false echoes will make sense in terms of the world picture that the bat has previously built up .
if a human experimenter feeds the bat artificially delayed or [sped up] `` echoes `` of its own cries , the false echoes will make sense in terms of the world picture that the bat has previously built up .

Accelerated by the current economic recession , old manufacturing industries are disappearing while the new information technology based industries are developing at a high rate .
[sped up] by the current economic recession , old manufacturing industries are disappearing while the new information technology based industries are developing at a high rate .

Had they done so they would certainly have greatly accelerated the rate at which they colonised the land .
had they done so they would certainly have greatly [sped up] the rate at which they colonised the land .

After the restriction of war time , building resumed at an accelerated rate .
after the restriction of war time , building resumed at an [sped up] rate .

From then onward the pace of change accelerated .
from then onward the pace of change [sped up] .

Family restriction , by cutting down on labour costs , accelerated middle-class living standards , and this seems likely to have been a major contributory factor to decisions to limit family size .
family restriction , by cutting down on labour costs , [sped up] middle-class living standards , and this seems likely to have been a major contributory factor to decisions to limit family size .

His invention was one of the main forces that accelerated industrial development into what has been called the Industrial Revolution .
his invention was one of the main forces that [sped up] industrial development into what has been called the industrial revolution .

Family ties have been further weakened by old people living apart from their children , and by the pressure on accommodation in urban areas , which has accelerated the decline in three-generation family units .
family ties have been further weakened by old people living apart from their children , and by the pressure on accommodation in urban areas , which has [sped up] the decline in three-generation family units .

The number of landlord-peasants and landless or part-tenant farmers increased rapidly , and the growth of landlordism was accelerated by the ingress of merchants , entrepreneurs and moneylenders who saw in land a profitable and respectable locus for investment .
the number of landlord-peasants and landless or part-tenant farmers increased rapidly , and the growth of landlordism was [sped up] by the ingress of merchants , entrepreneurs and moneylenders who saw in land a profitable and respectable locus for investment .

There was an accelerated flow of labour from one sector to the other .
there was an [sped up] flow of labour from one sector to the other .

By comparison with the mobility of labour or of goods , the accelerated mobility of capital in the world market economy is of an altogether different order .
by comparison with the mobility of labour or of goods , the [sped up] mobility of capital in the world market economy is of an altogether different order .

’ This defeatism , unwarranted either by the fragility of Reagan 's mandate or by the public opinion polls , led the Speaker meekly to surrender his control over the legislative schedule by agreeing to an accelerated timetable allowing for final votes on the president 's programme by mid-summer .
’ this defeatism , unwarranted either by the fragility of reagan 's mandate or by the public opinion polls , led the speaker meekly to surrender his control over the legislative schedule by agreeing to an [sped up] timetable allowing for final votes on the president 's programme by mid-summer .

From the mid nineteenth century the pace of change in Russia rapidly accelerated .
from the mid nineteenth century the pace of change in russia rapidly [sped up] .

Although urban migration accelerated , it acted as a very inadequate safety valve : between 1880 and 1913 the proportion of the labour force working in agriculture only dropped from 74 to 72 per cent .
although urban migration [sped up] , it acted as a very inadequate safety valve : between 1880 and 1913 the proportion of the labour force working in agriculture only dropped from 74 to 72 per cent .

With a star of greater mass , everything happens at an accelerated rate , and the star 's active life is much shorter than with our sedate Sun .
with a star of greater mass , everything happens at an [sped up] rate , and the star 's active life is much shorter than with our sedate sun .

In our own most recent study , which included features corresponding to all three hypothesised intentions , significant positive correlations were found between accelerated development and a high frequency of expansions , extensions and references to joint activities , whilst features corresponding to a didactic intention showed either no correlation or a trend towards a negative association ( Barnes et al .
in our own most recent study , which included features corresponding to all three hypothesised intentions , significant positive correlations were found between [sped up] development and a high frequency of expansions , extensions and references to joint activities , whilst features corresponding to a didactic intention showed either no correlation or a trend towards a negative association ( barnes et al .

Or of accelerated change on lines with which we are familiar ?
or of [sped up] change on lines with which we are familiar ?

The project seems certain to have supplemented and accelerated a number of cross-curricular developments , not least by bringing departmental representatives together on the library committee and raising staff awareness of curricular innovation and pedagogical reforms .
the project seems certain to have supplemented and [sped up] a number of cross-curricular developments , not least by bringing departmental representatives together on the library committee and raising staff awareness of curricular innovation and pedagogical reforms .

The Boston economy expanded rapidly during the 1970s and the shift from a manufacturing to a service base accelerated during that time .
the boston economy expanded rapidly during the 1970s and the shift from a manufacturing to a service base [sped up] during that time .

About seven more years had been added to expectation of life up to 1901 , after which the pace accelerated sharply .
about seven more years had been added to expectation of life up to 1901 , after which the pace [sped up] sharply .

Decentralization from the inner parts of cities accelerated from about 1960 , affecting the largest places first and then spreading down through the urban hierarchy .
decentralization from the inner parts of cities [sped up] from about 1960 , affecting the largest places first and then spreading down through the urban hierarchy .

In contrast , the metropolitan rings did well , as the flight of population to them accelerated in both decades ( Spence et al .
in contrast , the metropolitan rings did well , as the flight of population to them [sped up] in both decades ( spence et al .

Slum clearance accelerated during the 1960s ; elsewhere ‘ gentrification ’ removed the cheap end of the private rented sector .
slum clearance [sped up] during the 1960s ; elsewhere ‘ gentrification ’ removed the cheap end of the private rented sector .

In the 1950s and 1960s the movement of women into the work-force , or its anticipation , appears to have accelerated the pace of childbearing temporarily , especially of first and second births , reinforcing the positive economic effect through men 's income ( ni Bhrölchain 1986a , 1986b ) .
in the 1950s and 1960s the movement of women into the work-force , or its anticipation , appears to have [sped up] the pace of childbearing temporarily , especially of first and second births , reinforcing the positive economic effect through men 's income ( ni bhrölchain 1986a , 1986b ) .

We found in earlier descents that if power was left on the aircraft quickly accelerated well into the yellow arc and could quite easily reach its Vne .
we found in earlier descents that if power was left on the aircraft quickly [sped up] well into the yellow arc and could quite easily reach its vne .

Chris Bird , exploration team leader of the Atlantic Frontier Programme said : ‘ The success of the survey has accelerated the whole ‘ 204 ’ exploration and appraisal programme and at the same time enabled us to obtain additional data on the area . ’
chris bird , exploration team leader of the atlantic frontier programme said : ‘ the success of the survey has [sped up] the whole ‘ 204 ’ exploration and appraisal programme and at the same time enabled us to obtain additional data on the area . ’

in calculating lost pension rights the correct approach is 1 ) apply the appropriate multiplier to the appropriate multiplicand 2 ) the appropriate multiplicand is the pursuers level of wage which would have been received if currently employed 3 ) allowing for all contingencies including the chance of obtaining a pension in the future the multiplier for a 48 year old was 6 4 ) the resulting figure should be reduced for the accelerated benefit bearing in mind that the pension would not have been paid before age 65 .
in calculating lost pension rights the correct approach is 1 ) apply the appropriate multiplier to the appropriate multiplicand 2 ) the appropriate multiplicand is the pursuers level of wage which would have been received if currently employed 3 ) allowing for all contingencies including the chance of obtaining a pension in the future the multiplier for a 48 year old was 6 4 ) the resulting figure should be reduced for the [sped up] benefit bearing in mind that the pension would not have been paid before age 65 .

This decline has been accelerated by the current recessionary economic climate and the resulting falling sales turnover figures .
this decline has been [sped up] by the current recessionary economic climate and the resulting falling sales turnover figures .

An energetic product of accelerated promotion , he was known as a tough union negotiator .
an energetic product of [sped up] promotion , he was known as a tough union negotiator .

Coursework is an accelerated course in New Testament Greek to an advanced level with an examination in June , two exegeses on selected New Testament texts , a possible further two essays on one of the range of subjects mentioned in ( 1 ) above , and an exegetically and linguistically based dissertation on a New Testament passage of central interest to the candidate .
coursework is an [sped up] course in new testament greek to an advanced level with an examination in june , two exegeses on selected new testament texts , a possible further two essays on one of the range of subjects mentioned in ( 1 ) above , and an exegetically and linguistically based dissertation on a new testament passage of central interest to the candidate .

Bill accelerated and then rammed his foot on the brake pedal causing Rex and Laura to plummet floorward .
bill [sped up] and then rammed his foot on the brake pedal causing rex and laura to plummet floorward .

Rory dipped the clutch , banged into reverse , accelerated as he let the pedal jump .
rory dipped the clutch , banged into reverse , [sped up] as he let the pedal jump .

‘ They only stand for it because we bring them hard currency , ’ Jim explained , as he accelerated away .
‘ they only stand for it because we bring them hard currency , ’ jim explained , as he [sped up] away .

It was half a mile before he accelerated level with the Montego in front .
it was half a mile before he [sped up] level with the montego in front .

The Renault had accelerated away , racing for the lights , but Jim 's race was run .
the renault had [sped up] away , racing for the lights , but jim 's race was run .

She accelerated hastily , and drove on .
she [sped up] hastily , and drove on .

Images could then be viewed as still sequences ( Fig 1 ) or displayed as a continuous real or accelerated sequence or ‘ movie ’ loop , or parts , or of the whole study .
images could then be viewed as still sequences ( fig 1 ) or displayed as a continuous real or [sped up] sequence or ‘ movie ’ loop , or parts , or of the whole study .

Intra-aortic bethanechol significantly accelerated colonic transit .
intra-aortic bethanechol significantly [sped up] colonic transit .

The programme is time-tabled over three years , with the option of an accelerated 2-year programme for those who are able to devote more time to their studies .
the programme is time-tabled over three years , with the option of an [sped up] 2-year programme for those who are able to devote more time to their studies .

First , earlier and accelerated treatment to reduce duration of ischaemia .
first , earlier and [sped up] treatment to reduce duration of ischaemia .

Accelerated detection with prospectivesurveillance for cutaneous malignant melanomain high-risk groups
[sped up] detection with prospectivesurveillance for cutaneous malignant melanomain high-risk groups

Water loss is accelerated especially from the intracellular compartment , leading to metabolic and electrolyte disturbance .
water loss is [sped up] especially from the intracellular compartment , leading to metabolic and electrolyte disturbance .

It changed as the Dornier accelerated away from them , and took on a rhythmic throbbing as it left the ground .
it changed as the dornier [sped up] away from them , and took on a rhythmic throbbing as it left the ground .

The main focus of the statement was on the need to guarantee peace through enhanced regional economic integration in order to achieve `` a process at the national and regional level which permits an accelerated reconstruction and transformation of production and technology of the Central American countries as a base for the efficient and dynamic insertion of the region into the world market `` .
the main focus of the statement was on the need to guarantee peace through enhanced regional economic integration in order to achieve `` a process at the national and regional level which permits an [sped up] reconstruction and transformation of production and technology of the central american countries as a base for the efficient and dynamic insertion of the region into the world market `` .

In February 1989 inflation was down to a monthly rate of 3.6 per cent compared with 28.8 per cent in December 1988 and 37 per cent in January 1989 , but accelerated sharply over the following months , reaching a monthly rate of 53.55 per cent by December .
in february 1989 inflation was down to a monthly rate of 3.6 per cent compared with 28.8 per cent in december 1988 and 37 per cent in january 1989 , but [sped up] sharply over the following months , reaching a monthly rate of 53.55 per cent by december .

In addition universal free education for those over 14 years would be replaced by a credit system and increased indirect taxation would finance an accelerated counterinsurgency campaign .
in addition universal free education for those over 14 years would be replaced by a credit system and increased indirect taxation would finance an [sped up] counterinsurgency campaign .

Consumer prices had accelerated at an annualized rate of 5.5 per cent in January 1990 , and the visible trade surplus in 1989 was the lowest recorded for 10 years .
consumer prices had [sped up] at an annualized rate of 5.5 per cent in january 1990 , and the visible trade surplus in 1989 was the lowest recorded for 10 years .

The 1988 trade expansion had been boosted , according to the review , by accelerated import demand , led by Japan , and by strong growth in domestic investment rates in industrialized countries and in the newly industrializing economies ( NIEs ) .
the 1988 trade expansion had been boosted , according to the review , by [sped up] import demand , led by japan , and by strong growth in domestic investment rates in industrialized countries and in the newly industrializing economies ( nies ) .

The accelerated trade growth pattern over the past few years was explained in terms of such factors as ( i ) faster technological innovation ; ( ii ) an increased tendency towards mergers , joint production , technology sharing and market agreements ; ( iii ) a " quantum leap " in the interdependence of national financial markets ; ( iv ) the " improved " functioning of markets through deregulation and denationalization ; and ( v ) falling oil prices .
the [sped up] trade growth pattern over the past few years was explained in terms of such factors as ( i ) faster technological innovation ; ( ii ) an increased tendency towards mergers , joint production , technology sharing and market agreements ; ( iii ) a " quantum leap " in the interdependence of national financial markets ; ( iv ) the " improved " functioning of markets through deregulation and denationalization ; and ( v ) falling oil prices .

The federal government , in a four-point plan to improve such conditions , promised an accelerated process for settling land claims .
the federal government , in a four-point plan to improve such conditions , promised an [sped up] process for settling land claims .

The `` Moda ' i plan `` aimed to induce private-sector growth through accelerated liberalization .
the `` moda ' i plan `` aimed to induce private-sector growth through [sped up] liberalization .

Under Eisenhower as president from January 1953 America 's own efforts to reduce defence costs accelerated .
under eisenhower as president from january 1953 america 's own efforts to reduce defence costs [sped up] .

In 1854 – 5 the state had spent the equivalent of three years ' income on the war and had accelerated inflation by covering the deficit with paper money .
in 1854 – 5 the state had spent the equivalent of three years ' income on the war and had [sped up] inflation by covering the deficit with paper money .

To meet the requirements of Point One , the treaty contained a series of clauses which accelerated the evolution of the Danubian Principalities into the independent kingdom of Romania .
to meet the requirements of point one , the treaty contained a series of clauses which [sped up] the evolution of the danubian principalities into the independent kingdom of romania .

Like the War Minister , Reitern at the Ministry of Finances accelerated the introduction of changes which had been in the air since 1855 .
like the war minister , reitern at the ministry of finances [sped up] the introduction of changes which had been in the air since 1855 .

In England the rapid increase in the amount of diplomatic correspondence from the beginning of the sixteenth century accelerated the development of the secretary of state , originally an officer of the royal household who drafted the king 's letters and kept his private seal .
in england the rapid increase in the amount of diplomatic correspondence from the beginning of the sixteenth century [sped up] the development of the secretary of state , originally an officer of the royal household who drafted the king 's letters and kept his private seal .

This process accelerated during the struggle as economic warfare and blockade , and the complications they created in relations with neutral states , became increasingly important .
this process [sped up] during the struggle as economic warfare and blockade , and the complications they created in relations with neutral states , became increasingly important .

As they accelerated towards the alley mouth , siren screaming , the lieutenant was calling into his pocket transmitter .
as they [sped up] towards the alley mouth , siren screaming , the lieutenant was calling into his pocket transmitter .

Across the highway , the driver of the second rig swung his wheel hard over and accelerated in through the gap in the wake of the three fire tenders .
across the highway , the driver of the second rig swung his wheel hard over and [sped up] in through the gap in the wake of the three fire tenders .

Currently there is concern that accelerated rates of scrappings of industrial assets , which may have occurred in the economic and financial conditions of recent years , could have distorted the valuation of Britain 's capital stock .
currently there is concern that [sped up] rates of scrappings of industrial assets , which may have occurred in the economic and financial conditions of recent years , could have distorted the valuation of britain 's capital stock .

The administration of President Frei ( 1964-70 ) initiated a land reform programme which was accelerated by the Popular Unity government of President Allende ( 1970-73 ) .
the administration of president frei ( 1964-70 ) initiated a land reform programme which was [sped up] by the popular unity government of president allende ( 1970-73 ) .

The divergence of the two societies became apparent in the late 18th century , but appears to have accelerated between 1890 and 1914 .
the divergence of the two societies became apparent in the late 18th century , but appears to have [sped up] between 1890 and 1914 .

‘ There is no room for complacency and these trends will need to be maintained and indeed accelerated if the unacceptable difference between Protestant and Catholic unemployment rates is to be eliminated and if the Commission is to achieve its target of bringing about a situation where there is equal representation of both communities in all areas and sectors of employed . ’
‘ there is no room for complacency and these trends will need to be maintained and indeed [sped up] if the unacceptable difference between protestant and catholic unemployment rates is to be eliminated and if the commission is to achieve its target of bringing about a situation where there is equal representation of both communities in all areas and sectors of employed . ’

While unemployment figures in Northern Ireland have been on the increase , they have not accelerated at anything like the rate in the usually prosperous south-east of England .
while unemployment figures in northern ireland have been on the increase , they have not [sped up] at anything like the rate in the usually prosperous south-east of england .

During dynamic operation if the load is being accelerated then the applied torque is proportional to the angular acceleration and load inertia : At the motor the torque required is : since .
during dynamic operation if the load is being [sped up] then the applied torque is proportional to the angular acceleration and load inertia : at the motor the torque required is : since .

In such a universe , in which the expansion was accelerated by a cosmological constant rather than slowed down by the gravitational attraction of matter , there would be enough time for light to travel from one region to another in the early universe .
in such a universe , in which the expansion was [sped up] by a cosmological constant rather than slowed down by the gravitational attraction of matter , there would be enough time for light to travel from one region to another in the early universe .

Thus there has to be some mechanism that would eliminate the very large effective cosmological constant and so change the rate of expansion from an accelerated one to one that is slowed down by gravity , as we have today .
thus there has to be some mechanism that would eliminate the very large effective cosmological constant and so change the rate of expansion from an [sped up] one to one that is slowed down by gravity , as we have today .

In a country where education had expanded so rapidly the gap between young and old had accelerated so teaching the adults to read and write was becoming urgent .
in a country where education had expanded so rapidly the gap between young and old had [sped up] so teaching the adults to read and write was becoming urgent .

The process had accelerated by the autumn into revolution .
the process had [sped up] by the autumn into revolution .

This does n't show through in practice , though , since under Windows , probably one of the most graphically intensive environments you can have , screen updates are acceptably quick , although not as fast as with Windows-optimized accelerated cards .
this does n't show through in practice , though , since under windows , probably one of the most graphically intensive environments you can have , screen updates are acceptably quick , although not as fast as with windows-optimized [sped up] cards .

To move from the card that is already in your machine to any accelerated card , you need to be sure that it is going to do what you want it to do .
to move from the card that is already in your machine to any [sped up] card , you need to be sure that it is going to do what you want it to do .

At her voice the car engine revved into life and the vehicle accelerated fast round the sweep .
at her voice the car engine revved into life and the vehicle [sped up] fast round the sweep .

Then the truck accelerated over the cobbles into a violent right-hand turn , and the squadron found itself thrown hard against the side of the police patrol-wagon .
then the truck [sped up] over the cobbles into a violent right-hand turn , and the squadron found itself thrown hard against the side of the police patrol-wagon .

The May Committee 's indictment of an unbalanced budget had further undermined confidence in Britain 's financial stability and accelerated a run on the pound .
the may committee 's indictment of an unbalanced budget had further undermined confidence in britain 's financial stability and [sped up] a run on the pound .

Dr Snell has recently suggested that on the evidence of apprenticeship indentures women and girls were bound to a range of occupations in the early and middle years of the eighteenth century from which they were later progressively excluded as capitalistic developments took more work from the home and as population growth accelerated to flood the labour market .
dr snell has recently suggested that on the evidence of apprenticeship indentures women and girls were bound to a range of occupations in the early and middle years of the eighteenth century from which they were later progressively excluded as capitalistic developments took more work from the home and as population growth [sped up] to flood the labour market .

After 1772 the `` turnpike mania `` settled down in a long steady progress to an eventual 22,000-mile peak in 1836 , accelerated only in the widespread speculative investment booms of the early 1790s , 1809 – 12 and the mid 1820s .
after 1772 the `` turnpike mania `` settled down in a long steady progress to an eventual 22,000-mile peak in 1836 , [sped up] only in the widespread speculative investment booms of the early 1790s , 1809 – 12 and the mid 1820s .

Nor did this distribution change much as the level of trade accelerated .
nor did this distribution change much as the level of trade [sped up] .

Population growth accelerated only after 1750 .
population growth [sped up] only after 1750 .

This tendency , as Professor Joslin pointed out , accelerated once the landed classes came to appreciate both the security and the convenience of lodging a substantial part of their incomes with London banks .
this tendency , as professor joslin pointed out , [sped up] once the landed classes came to appreciate both the security and the convenience of lodging a substantial part of their incomes with london banks .

She could feel the accelerated thud of his heart .
she could feel the [sped up] thud of his heart .

This is not simply a matter of becoming uncomfortably aware that the rapid increase of world population and accelerated industrialization pose a serious threat to the environment both by the massive consumption of finite material resources and by the emission of man-made heat and chemicals into the atmosphere ; a situation dramatically portrayed in a report by the Club of Rome ( Meadows et al .
this is not simply a matter of becoming uncomfortably aware that the rapid increase of world population and [sped up] industrialization pose a serious threat to the environment both by the massive consumption of finite material resources and by the emission of man-made heat and chemicals into the atmosphere ; a situation dramatically portrayed in a report by the club of rome ( meadows et al .

Love , she wanted to shout , only his mirthless smile cut the word off in the throat , and then her breathing was cut off as well as he placed one of her hands on the accelerated pulse beating in his neck .
love , she wanted to shout , only his mirthless smile cut the word off in the throat , and then her breathing was cut off as well as he placed one of her hands on the [sped up] pulse beating in his neck .

the Community shall have as its task , by establishing a common market and progressively approximating the economic policies of Member States , to promote throughout the Community a harmonious development of economic activities , a continuous and balanced expansion , an increase in stability , an accelerated raising of the standard of living and closer relations between the States belonging to it .
the community shall have as its task , by establishing a common market and progressively approximating the economic policies of member states , to promote throughout the community a harmonious development of economic activities , a continuous and balanced expansion , an increase in stability , an [sped up] raising of the standard of living and closer relations between the states belonging to it .

As the train accelerated out of the station , she said what he wanted to hear .
as the train [sped up] out of the station , she said what he wanted to hear .

’ The speaker was an ambitious young graduate , seeking accelerated promotion and not pleased at the notion he might have got into an accident-prone unit .
’ the speaker was an ambitious young graduate , seeking [sped up] promotion and not pleased at the notion he might have got into an accident-prone unit .

The main theme of this chapter is to obtain physical laws that are valid under general transformations to an accelerated frame .
the main theme of this chapter is to obtain physical laws that are valid under general transformations to an [sped up] frame .

Firstly , physical laws must be expressible as tensor equations so that they remain valid under transformations to any accelerated frame .
firstly , physical laws must be expressible as tensor equations so that they remain valid under transformations to any [sped up] frame .

The door slammed behind them and she listened , rigid , as the car purred into life and accelerated away .
the door slammed behind them and she listened , rigid , as the car purred into life and [sped up] away .

The reason girls appeared to do better than boys at age eleven was due to the earlier onset of puberty in females , with its accompanying accelerated maturation .
the reason girls appeared to do better than boys at age eleven was due to the earlier onset of puberty in females , with its accompanying [sped up] maturation .

Undoubtedly the motivation for this search has been accelerated by the renewed public , and especially governmental , interest in standards and accountability in education as a whole .
undoubtedly the motivation for this search has been [sped up] by the renewed public , and especially governmental , interest in standards and accountability in education as a whole .

In response to the difficult trading environment , we have accelerated our drive to increase productivity , with the aim of improving our competitive position and becoming a leader in each of our chosen sectors : petrochemicals , polymers , acetyls/solvents , acrylonitrile , specialities and advanced materials and Carborundum .
in response to the difficult trading environment , we have [sped up] our drive to increase productivity , with the aim of improving our competitive position and becoming a leader in each of our chosen sectors : petrochemicals , polymers , acetyls/solvents , acrylonitrile , specialities and advanced materials and carborundum .

The dismantling of the Czechoslovak federal state , accelerated by the federal and republican elections in June [ see pp .
the dismantling of the czechoslovak federal state , [sped up] by the federal and republican elections in june [ see pp .

The dismantling of the Czechoslovak federal state , accelerated by the federal and republican elections in June [ see pp .
the dismantling of the czechoslovak federal state , [sped up] by the federal and republican elections in june [ see pp .

After a warning from President Lech Walesa on July 3 that he would name a Cabinet himself if a majority government were not immediately forthcoming , eight political parties accelerated their negotiations and proposed Hanna Suchocka as Prime Minister .
after a warning from president lech walesa on july 3 that he would name a cabinet himself if a majority government were not immediately forthcoming , eight political parties [sped up] their negotiations and proposed hanna suchocka as prime minister .

President André Kolingba called on May 18 for an end to strife in return for the promise of accelerated political reform .
president andré kolingba called on may 18 for an end to strife in return for the promise of [sped up] political reform .

In the ensuing days the President 's health was closely monitored and , after a further burst of accelerated and irregular heart activity on May 7 , it was announced on the following day that the source of Bush 's condition was an over-active thyroid gland .
in the ensuing days the president 's health was closely monitored and , after a further burst of [sped up] and irregular heart activity on may 7 , it was announced on the following day that the source of bush 's condition was an over-active thyroid gland .

In public appearances marking the anniversary of the failed 1991 coup against the then Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev [ see p. 38368-73 ] which accelerated the break-up of the Soviet Union , Russian President Boris Yeltsin dismissed the possibility of a new coup , and stressed the need to press ahead with reform and privatization , foreseeing success despite the economic and administrative turmoil of the past year .
in public appearances marking the anniversary of the failed 1991 coup against the then soviet president mikhail gorbachev [ see p. 38368-73 ] which [sped up] the break-up of the soviet union , russian president boris yeltsin dismissed the possibility of a new coup , and stressed the need to press ahead with reform and privatization , foreseeing success despite the economic and administrative turmoil of the past year .

The flow of Albanian escapees across the southern border into Greece accelerated dramatically in December , and turned into a flood in early January .
the flow of albanian escapees across the southern border into greece [sped up] dramatically in december , and turned into a flood in early january .

38798-99 ] , Chung accelerated his national pro-business campaign .
38798-99 ] , chung [sped up] his national pro-business campaign .

The processing of asylum applications was to be accelerated .
the processing of asylum applications was to be [sped up] .

Croatia likewise accelerated its preparations for independence , and on June 18 a permanent session of the Croatian Assembly opened with the aim of adopting all the necessary legislation for independence .
croatia likewise [sped up] its preparations for independence , and on june 18 a permanent session of the croatian assembly opened with the aim of adopting all the necessary legislation for independence .

Pro-democracy protests — Accelerated reform programme
pro-democracy protests — [sped up] reform programme

Developments in the republics in October , in the accelerated process of the dissolution of central Soviet power , included assertions of increasing autonomy not only over economic but also over military arrangements [ see under individual headings below , but also p. 38553 for Gorbachev 's statement when proposing arms reductions that central control over Soviet nuclear weapons would remain ] .
developments in the republics in october , in the [sped up] process of the dissolution of central soviet power , included assertions of increasing autonomy not only over economic but also over military arrangements [ see under individual headings below , but also p. 38553 for gorbachev 's statement when proposing arms reductions that central control over soviet nuclear weapons would remain ] .

Sponsors of the bill suggested that the cost of the latest extension would be met through the use of $2,200 million left unspent during the last fiscal year and of $500 million from an accelerated collection of taxes from large corporations .
sponsors of the bill suggested that the cost of the latest extension would be met through the use of $2,200 million left unspent during the last fiscal year and of $500 million from an [sped up] collection of taxes from large corporations .

The result of the local elections accelerated Kim Dae Jung 's attempt to unite all elements of the anti-Roh opposition within a single party .
the result of the local elections [sped up] kim dae jung 's attempt to unite all elements of the anti-roh opposition within a single party .

While Walesa endorsed the government 's reform programme in principle , he argued that it should be accelerated to avert social unrest .
while walesa endorsed the government 's reform programme in principle , he argued that it should be [sped up] to avert social unrest .

Moda ' i presented his solution to the immigration dilemma to the Cabinet in September in the form of a radical New Economic Plan aimed at inducing private-sector growth through accelerated liberalization [ see p. 37728 ] .
moda ' i presented his solution to the immigration dilemma to the cabinet in september in the form of a radical new economic plan aimed at inducing private-sector growth through [sped up] liberalization [ see p. 37728 ] .

In the 1980s a process was begun which greatly accelerated the progress towards creating a Common Market .
in the 1980s a process was begun which greatly [sped up] the progress towards creating a common market .

This is true also in respect to the accelerated decline in age of women at first union and the high frequencies of early teenage pregnancy .
this is true also in respect to the [sped up] decline in age of women at first union and the high frequencies of early teenage pregnancy .

To minimise the effects of the washout we observed a delay of three hours between the intake of the last dose and the start of the washout to permit drug transit to the ileum , particularly because transit had already been accelerated in the previous three days by laxatives .
to minimise the effects of the washout we observed a delay of three hours between the intake of the last dose and the start of the washout to permit drug transit to the ileum , particularly because transit had already been [sped up] in the previous three days by laxatives .

In contrast , Rijk et al evaluated the faecal excretions of healthy volunteers with accelerated transit time after a single dose .
in contrast , rijk et al evaluated the faecal excretions of healthy volunteers with [sped up] transit time after a single dose .

These findings suggest that active oxygen species and lipid peroxidation play an important part in the pathogenesis of gastric mucosal injury induced by indomethacin , and that the decreased glutathione peroxidase activity aggravated the injury due to accelerated accumulation of hydrogen peroxide and lipid peroxides in the gastric mucosal cell .
these findings suggest that active oxygen species and lipid peroxidation play an important part in the pathogenesis of gastric mucosal injury induced by indomethacin , and that the decreased glutathione peroxidase activity aggravated the injury due to [sped up] accumulation of hydrogen peroxide and lipid peroxides in the gastric mucosal cell .

On the other hand , the increase found in the contractile force of the oesophageal body together with an accelerated propagation of the contraction waves may be responsible for the acceleration of acid clearance .
on the other hand , the increase found in the contractile force of the oesophageal body together with an [sped up] propagation of the contraction waves may be responsible for the acceleration of acid clearance .

All other methods involve what is known as accelerated depreciation because the depreciation is greater in the early years than the later years .
all other methods involve what is known as [sped up] depreciation because the depreciation is greater in the early years than the later years .

In my own lifetime , the changes have accelerated .
in my own lifetime , the changes have [sped up] .

The fineness of the gold began a gentle decline through the tenth century to about 90 per cent , and debasement accelerated during the following century until it took a sudden nosedive in the two decades between 1071 and 1092 , falling from about 70 per cent to a mere 10 per cent .
the fineness of the gold began a gentle decline through the tenth century to about 90 per cent , and debasement [sped up] during the following century until it took a sudden nosedive in the two decades between 1071 and 1092 , falling from about 70 per cent to a mere 10 per cent .

After passing the dyke , the lava flow accelerated slightly and forked into two , forming a pair of streams each about 20 yards wide .
after passing the dyke , the lava flow [sped up] slightly and forked into two , forming a pair of streams each about 20 yards wide .

Reforms in the Health Service and our schools must be accelerated .
reforms in the health service and our schools must be [sped up] .

The decision to dynamite the rock , using five tons of explosives , was taken last week after it was found to be moving at an accelerated rate .
the decision to dynamite the rock , using five tons of explosives , was taken last week after it was found to be moving at an [sped up] rate .

The actual driving force behind American thinking on a renewal of atomic collaborations was anxiety about uranium ore supplies , which were being consumed at an increasing rate as American programmes accelerated .
the actual driving force behind american thinking on a renewal of atomic collaborations was anxiety about uranium ore supplies , which were being consumed at an increasing rate as american programmes [sped up] .

These fruits were traditionally sun-dried after fumigation to remove any bugs and insects , but many are not dried by accelerated methods to cut the processing time and , therefore , the costs .
these fruits were traditionally sun-dried after fumigation to remove any bugs and insects , but many are not dried by [sped up] methods to cut the processing time and , therefore , the costs .

The business lobby has been squealing for everything from accelerated depreciation allowances to a Business Development Board to grant cheap loans .
the business lobby has been squealing for everything from [sped up] depreciation allowances to a business development board to grant cheap loans .

But , as chart 11 shows , in 1982–89 the growth in dividends slowed in the stabler industries where most of the takeovers and borrowing were taking place and where profits were rising , while it accelerated in cyclical industries .
but , as chart 11 shows , in 1982–89 the growth in dividends slowed in the stabler industries where most of the takeovers and borrowing were taking place and where profits were rising , while it [sped up] in cyclical industries .

The other reversal of the 1980s was that banks accelerated their purchases of equities .
the other reversal of the 1980s was that banks [sped up] their purchases of equities .

Global warming could soon be accelerated dramatically due to a thinning of the sea ice , Mrs Thatcher said yesterday in the 50th anniversary lecture of the parliamentary and scientific committee at the Lords .
global warming could soon be [sped up] dramatically due to a thinning of the sea ice , mrs thatcher said yesterday in the 50th anniversary lecture of the parliamentary and scientific committee at the lords .

The assassination may only have accelerated the inexorable drift towards partition .
the assassination may only have [sped up] the inexorable drift towards partition .

The assassination may only have accelerated the inexorable drift towards partition .
the assassination may only have [sped up] the inexorable drift towards partition .

The main filled and the big cat accelerated .
the main filled and the big cat [sped up] .

And beneath the exchange of gossip and witticism , the doubts and foibles of their inner selves are revealed , a process accelerated by the appearance of gilded socialist Edward Clements .
and beneath the exchange of gossip and witticism , the doubts and foibles of their inner selves are revealed , a process [sped up] by the appearance of gilded socialist edward clements .

The de line of Hammer , the only British company to have benefited from the influx f American cash , was accelerated by the abandonment of its Bray Studios in 1968 .
the de line of hammer , the only british company to have benefited from the influx f american cash , was [sped up] by the abandonment of its bray studios in 1968 .

In response , King Hussein removed his prime minister and childhood friend , Zeid ar-Rifai , and accelerated the announcement of parliamentary elections to be held on 8 November , the first for 22 years .
in response , king hussein removed his prime minister and childhood friend , zeid ar-rifai , and [sped up] the announcement of parliamentary elections to be held on 8 november , the first for 22 years .

So his Hebrew schooling thereby climaxed ; his public participation galvanising him to accelerated study .
so his hebrew schooling thereby climaxed ; his public participation galvanising him to [sped up] study .

The transformations effected by the second Vatican Council of 1962–5 in liturgy , sacrament , scripture , and so on led to the accelerated decline of traditional rituals such as wakes and pilgrimages to local shrines .
the transformations effected by the second vatican council of 1962–5 in liturgy , sacrament , scripture , and so on led to the [sped up] decline of traditional rituals such as wakes and pilgrimages to local shrines .

The process of industrialization and the accelerated growth of the division of labour had already wrested from the family , including its rural variant , its monopolistic role in the processes of production .
the process of industrialization and the [sped up] growth of the division of labour had already wrested from the family , including its rural variant , its monopolistic role in the processes of production .

When policemen label one of their colleagues with the term ‘ academic ’ it is always a derogatory term of reference , while ‘ college man ’ is another derisory phrase used to define that tiny percentage who gain accelerated promotion through one of the special course or graduate entry schemes generated through the police staff college .
when policemen label one of their colleagues with the term ‘ academic ’ it is always a derogatory term of reference , while ‘ college man ’ is another derisory phrase used to define that tiny percentage who gain [sped up] promotion through one of the special course or graduate entry schemes generated through the police staff college .

By creating a more definite starting and finishing point to the season , members of the group believed that the growing trend of out-of-season holidays and short breaks could be accelerated .
by creating a more definite starting and finishing point to the season , members of the group believed that the growing trend of out-of-season holidays and short breaks could be [sped up] .

The trial of the publishers of Lady Chatterley 's Lover registered and accelerated a new tolerance in sexual behaviour and in published accounts of it .
the trial of the publishers of lady chatterley 's lover registered and [sped up] a new tolerance in sexual behaviour and in published accounts of it .

On 27 July Churchill made his last appearance in the House of Commons ( his first had been when my father was head boy at Thame ) , and after the summer the country accelerated into a general-election campaign .
on 27 july churchill made his last appearance in the house of commons ( his first had been when my father was head boy at thame ) , and after the summer the country [sped up] into a general-election campaign .

Organisms resistant to penicillin , particularly staphylococci , became a major problem by about 1960 , especially in hospitals , and accelerated the search for alternative antibiotics and for modifications of penicillin which were resistant to the bacterial penicillinases .
organisms resistant to penicillin , particularly staphylococci , became a major problem by about 1960 , especially in hospitals , and [sped up] the search for alternative antibiotics and for modifications of penicillin which were resistant to the bacterial penicillinases .

Off-duty , the subalterns took to their jeeps and accelerated into the desert to shoot antelope .
off-duty , the subalterns took to their jeeps and [sped up] into the desert to shoot antelope .

Stirling accelerated and immediately a loud screaming noise came from the front of the vehicle .
stirling [sped up] and immediately a loud screaming noise came from the front of the vehicle .

For you would see the jeep in front of you proceeding along the Egyptian highway in a very dignified manner , when all of a sudden it would swing in to the side of the road near a fruit-barrow , a large brown hand would shoot out , and a succulent water-melon would disappear as the jeep accelerated away again .
for you would see the jeep in front of you proceeding along the egyptian highway in a very dignified manner , when all of a sudden it would swing in to the side of the road near a fruit-barrow , a large brown hand would shoot out , and a succulent water-melon would disappear as the jeep [sped up] away again .

After a period of slower rise until 10,500 years ago , corresponding to a time known as the Younger Dryas — when ice sheets temporarily advanced again in the Northern hemisphere — a second burst of accelerated sea-level risk took place , at rates similar to the previous acceleration .
after a period of slower rise until 10,500 years ago , corresponding to a time known as the younger dryas — when ice sheets temporarily advanced again in the northern hemisphere — a second burst of [sped up] sea-level risk took place , at rates similar to the previous acceleration .

On this basis , geologists can be confident that the two phases of accelerated sea-level rise were due to dramatic additions of meltwater to the oceans from melting northern hemisphere ice sheets .
on this basis , geologists can be confident that the two phases of [sped up] sea-level rise were due to dramatic additions of meltwater to the oceans from melting northern hemisphere ice sheets .

One possibility is that the complex wobbles of the Earth 's axis as it orbits the sun contrived to produce a peak of solar insolation — stronger than usual phases of heating by the sun — during the two times of accelerated meltwater runoff .
one possibility is that the complex wobbles of the earth 's axis as it orbits the sun contrived to produce a peak of solar insolation — stronger than usual phases of heating by the sun — during the two times of [sped up] meltwater runoff .

Astronomers can calculate when such maxima of solar insolation took place , and Fairbanks found that his two phases of accelerated run-off do not correlate with the maxima .
astronomers can calculate when such maxima of solar insolation took place , and fairbanks found that his two phases of [sped up] run-off do not correlate with the maxima .

He was forced to conclude that there is currently no obvious explanation for why his phases of meltwater runoff and accelerated sea-level rise took place when they did .
he was forced to conclude that there is currently no obvious explanation for why his phases of meltwater runoff and [sped up] sea-level rise took place when they did .

Gen Noriega 's provocations may simply have accelerated a plan that had been ready to be unleashed at any time .
gen noriega 's provocations may simply have [sped up] a plan that had been ready to be unleashed at any time .

Early identification of accelerated rise will be possible if the year-to-year variability can be understood and removed from the records .
early identification of [sped up] rise will be possible if the year-to-year variability can be understood and removed from the records .

The human relationships are very intense and therefore the learning curve is accelerated .
the human relationships are very intense and therefore the learning curve is [sped up] .

If the production of houses could regain the level of the 1930s , the rate at which overcrowding , sharing , and sub-standard houses could be eliminated would clearly be greatly accelerated .
if the production of houses could regain the level of the 1930s , the rate at which overcrowding , sharing , and sub-standard houses could be eliminated would clearly be greatly [sped up] .

The carriage of private goods accelerated most .
the carriage of private goods [sped up] most .

It accelerated and moved into the slow lane , as he passed .
it [sped up] and moved into the slow lane , as he passed .

Colleagues said last night that the speech marked a change of gear — as Mr Kinnock moved away from party organisation and policy and accelerated into the election campaign .
colleagues said last night that the speech marked a change of gear — as mr kinnock moved away from party organisation and policy and [sped up] into the election campaign .

Quick radical solutions to complex human , social , technical and economic problems in such areas can not be expected , but they can be greatly accelerated by the adoption of appropriate financial , administrative and educational systems .
quick radical solutions to complex human , social , technical and economic problems in such areas can not be expected , but they can be greatly [sped up] by the adoption of appropriate financial , administrative and educational systems .

Mick had accelerated and the men had jumped clear .
mick had [sped up] and the men had jumped clear .

There was also some emigration of Serbs and Montenegrins , which accelerated after 1981 .
there was also some emigration of serbs and montenegrins , which [sped up] after 1981 .

Reaching for the Lagonda 's gear-stick , which was outside the driver 's door , he accelerated into the lead .
reaching for the lagonda 's gear-stick , which was outside the driver 's door , he [sped up] into the lead .

… revolutionary transformation of the social and political standing of the official representatives of the Trade Union world — a transformation which has been immensely accelerated by the Great War .
… revolutionary transformation of the social and political standing of the official representatives of the trade union world — a transformation which has been immensely [sped up] by the great war .

All centuries , of course , have been centuries of change ; but few would deny that in the nineteenth century change was greatly accelerated ; that much was apparent to the more perceptive of those living at that time .
all centuries , of course , have been centuries of change ; but few would deny that in the nineteenth century change was greatly [sped up] ; that much was apparent to the more perceptive of those living at that time .

Returning to our historical outline and intimately connected with this new notion of female impurity , was the development of an increased rigidity in attitude toward and definition of function within the family group — something which had gradually been happening before the sixth century but which was accelerated and refined by the experience of the exile .
returning to our historical outline and intimately connected with this new notion of female impurity , was the development of an increased rigidity in attitude toward and definition of function within the family group — something which had gradually been happening before the sixth century but which was [sped up] and refined by the experience of the exile .

If , after cleaning , the level of micro-organisms remaining is so high that there is a potential danger of food contamination which may constitute a risk to health or cause accelerated spoilage , disinfection is needed . The number of surfaces where the test applies is extremely limited and includes :
if , after cleaning , the level of micro-organisms remaining is so high that there is a potential danger of food contamination which may constitute a risk to health or cause [sped up] spoilage , disinfection is needed . the number of surfaces where the test applies is extremely limited and includes :

Only a marked increase in erosion rates , coupled with evidence of changes in agricultural practice and/or extent of agriculture , might in these cases provide sufficient evidence of accelerated erosion .
only a marked increase in erosion rates , coupled with evidence of changes in agricultural practice and/or extent of agriculture , might in these cases provide sufficient evidence of [sped up] erosion .

Baldwin ( 1954 ) states that 42 per cent of Mexico had ‘ accelerated erosion ’ and so on , although as section 1 of this chapter suggests , it is difficult to know how to gauge the significance of these figures except in a general and qualitative way , which indeed may be sufficient .
baldwin ( 1954 ) states that 42 per cent of mexico had ‘ [sped up] erosion ’ and so on , although as section 1 of this chapter suggests , it is difficult to know how to gauge the significance of these figures except in a general and qualitative way , which indeed may be sufficient .

The same author goes on to say that there are cases where land reform , or at least the break-up of large latifundia or estates , had actually accelerated environmental decline , as in Bolivia in the 1950s or after the emancipation of serfs in Russia in 1816 .
the same author goes on to say that there are cases where land reform , or at least the break-up of large latifundia or estates , had actually [sped up] environmental decline , as in bolivia in the 1950s or after the emancipation of serfs in russia in 1816 .

These processes , too , are subject to political and economic analyses and are often intimately bound up with land-users who are responsible for accelerated soil erosion .
these processes , too , are subject to political and economic analyses and are often intimately bound up with land-users who are responsible for [sped up] soil erosion .

The first was an accelerated attempt to broaden the focus of the family planning programme to include the broader concept of family welfare planning — an ingenious verbal massage of an increasingly tarnished image , but one which did acknowledge the need for a better delivery system for family health including better preventative medicine , pre- and post-puerperal care and advice on household hygiene which would lower infant mortality rates and improve the health of the family .
the first was an [sped up] attempt to broaden the focus of the family planning programme to include the broader concept of family welfare planning — an ingenious verbal massage of an increasingly tarnished image , but one which did acknowledge the need for a better delivery system for family health including better preventative medicine , pre- and post-puerperal care and advice on household hygiene which would lower infant mortality rates and improve the health of the family .

Clayton 's development as a photographer had accelerated at a rapid pace and within 12 months he won 12 awards , including :
clayton 's development as a photographer had [sped up] at a rapid pace and within 12 months he won 12 awards , including :

More recent events and technologies have expanded this sense of fragmentation and discontinuity , contributing to a fractured , accelerated , plural life within a wayward , even apocalyptic history .
more recent events and technologies have expanded this sense of fragmentation and discontinuity , contributing to a fractured , [sped up] , plural life within a wayward , even apocalyptic history .

Long Talking Bad Conditions Blues ( 1979 ) makes a virtue out of the condition of ‘ accelerated shatter ’ he had located in his earlier novels by attempting to link the diverse aspects of his text within a verbal flow , a ‘ stream of language ’ introduced by a twelve-page unpunctuated single sentence .
long talking bad conditions blues ( 1979 ) makes a virtue out of the condition of ‘ [sped up] shatter ’ he had located in his earlier novels by attempting to link the diverse aspects of his text within a verbal flow , a ‘ stream of language ’ introduced by a twelve-page unpunctuated single sentence .

Three minutes later , Payton put a precise pass through the home defence , and John Hendrie accelerated away to walk the ball past Welch for his fifth goal this season .
three minutes later , payton put a precise pass through the home defence , and john hendrie [sped up] away to walk the ball past welch for his fifth goal this season .

As might be expected this is accelerated by heat , making cold storage essential .
as might be expected this is [sped up] by heat , making cold storage essential .

Closures of railway lines had been taking place for many years , accelerated by the growing availability of cars in the 1950s .
closures of railway lines had been taking place for many years , [sped up] by the growing availability of cars in the 1950s .

Our official town doctor Rozanov , himself an accoucheur , declared quite positively that on one occasion when a patient in labour was screaming and calling on the name of the Almighty , a free-thinking sally fired off like a pistol-shot by Mrs Virginsky struck such fear into the patient that delivery was greatly accelerated .
our official town doctor rozanov , himself an accoucheur , declared quite positively that on one occasion when a patient in labour was screaming and calling on the name of the almighty , a free-thinking sally fired off like a pistol-shot by mrs virginsky struck such fear into the patient that delivery was greatly [sped up] .

The investors suspect that accelerated payments are the price Mr Outhwaite has had to pay to settle the disputes with other syndicates .
the investors suspect that [sped up] payments are the price mr outhwaite has had to pay to settle the disputes with other syndicates .

After 1993 , when these obligations and constraints are lifted , and competition from a new commercial channel , Channel 5 , begins , the trend will be accelerated .
after 1993 , when these obligations and constraints are lifted , and competition from a new commercial channel , channel 5 , begins , the trend will be [sped up] .

Concern accelerated to alarm when one of the ladies heard a low moaning from the family 's kitchen .
concern [sped up] to alarm when one of the ladies heard a low moaning from the family 's kitchen .

It is since the 1950s that the expansion in education has really accelerated , with a resulting boost to literacy rates .
it is since the 1950s that the expansion in education has really [sped up] , with a resulting boost to literacy rates .

This growth has accelerated in recent years , much of it taking place in the 1970s and it has been concentrated more in the higher levels of the education system .
this growth has [sped up] in recent years , much of it taking place in the 1970s and it has been concentrated more in the higher levels of the education system .

The aims were to be implemented through accelerated increases in food production , which were made possible by the discovery of high-yielding grain at two international research centres in Mexico and the Philippines .
the aims were to be implemented through [sped up] increases in food production , which were made possible by the discovery of high-yielding grain at two international research centres in mexico and the philippines .

In so doing , she has both accelerated a process of institutional decline that was well in place before she arrived , and , by the extent of her unchallenged success , signalled the need for new forms and structures .
in so doing , she has both [sped up] a process of institutional decline that was well in place before she arrived , and , by the extent of her unchallenged success , signalled the need for new forms and structures .

The great agricultural revolution of our own times , in which drainage has played no small part , has accelerated the decline of the small farmer just as surely as it has imperilled the ecological system previously sustained by communal wetland management ; and , at the last , it has begun to destroy the basic resources of the land , as ever deeper drainage has created mineral problems in the soil , wastage of peat , and an increasing dependence upon pumping .
the great agricultural revolution of our own times , in which drainage has played no small part , has [sped up] the decline of the small farmer just as surely as it has imperilled the ecological system previously sustained by communal wetland management ; and , at the last , it has begun to destroy the basic resources of the land , as ever deeper drainage has created mineral problems in the soil , wastage of peat , and an increasing dependence upon pumping .

Traditional drainage has accelerated this problem in two ways : by promoting farming methods which require high levels of fertilizer , and by stripping out the buffer of vegetation between the riverside and the fields .
traditional drainage has [sped up] this problem in two ways : by promoting farming methods which require high levels of fertilizer , and by stripping out the buffer of vegetation between the riverside and the fields .

Land drainage has also accelerated wind erosion , not only in the East Anglian fens , but also on the fine sands and silts of Lancashire , the Dee estuary , the Nottinghamshire carrs , and the Vale of York .
land drainage has also [sped up] wind erosion , not only in the east anglian fens , but also on the fine sands and silts of lancashire , the dee estuary , the nottinghamshire carrs , and the vale of york .

The phenomenon of crumbling historic buildings , greatly accelerated in the twentieth century , is also attributed to the blight of acid rain .
the phenomenon of crumbling historic buildings , greatly [sped up] in the twentieth century , is also attributed to the blight of acid rain .

Cattle numbers in general have been declining since 1978 and the introduction of milk quotas has accelerated the rate of decrease
cattle numbers in general have been declining since 1978 and the introduction of milk quotas has [sped up] the rate of decrease

In spite of these developments , however , the rate of growth of the environmental movement in Europe remained fairly slow until 1986 when it suddenly accelerated , apparently in response to environmental disasters such as the explosion at the Chernobyl reactor in April of the same year .
in spite of these developments , however , the rate of growth of the environmental movement in europe remained fairly slow until 1986 when it suddenly [sped up] , apparently in response to environmental disasters such as the explosion at the chernobyl reactor in april of the same year .

According to the Council for the Protection of Rural England , some 120,000 miles of hedgerow have been lost since 1947 and this accelerated during the 1980s and there is no evidence that this rate of loss has slowed down ( in spite of the continued popularity of fox hunting ) .
according to the council for the protection of rural england , some 120,000 miles of hedgerow have been lost since 1947 and this [sped up] during the 1980s and there is no evidence that this rate of loss has slowed down ( in spite of the continued popularity of fox hunting ) .

It then accelerated out of the pack and passed the finishing post placing full weight on the fractured leg in a perfect gallop gait .
it then [sped up] out of the pack and passed the finishing post placing full weight on the fractured leg in a perfect gallop gait .

Accelerated payment
[sped up] payment

The pace of change which accelerated in the 1980s would continue unabated in the 1990s .
the pace of change which [sped up] in the 1980s would continue unabated in the 1990s .

New programmes were launched nationally : Individual Performance Review , National Accelerated Development Programme , etc , and the enduring problem of preparing clinicians to participate in management was tackled .
new programmes were launched nationally : individual performance review , national [sped up] development programme , etc , and the enduring problem of preparing clinicians to participate in management was tackled .

If you caught a sponsor 's eye ( Liverpool had its own version of the Trenchard system of accelerated middle-class promotion ) , or , in the view of many officers , had the right ‘ connections ’ , there were possibilities .
if you caught a sponsor 's eye ( liverpool had its own version of the trenchard system of [sped up] middle-class promotion ) , or , in the view of many officers , had the right ‘ connections ’ , there were possibilities .

Accelerated promotions had first given rise to major complaints in the reorganization after the Police Strike , when many younger and inexperienced officers were made sergeants .
[sped up] promotions had first given rise to major complaints in the reorganization after the police strike , when many younger and inexperienced officers were made sergeants .

The bitterness left by the scheme for accelerated promotion for graduates left its mark .
the bitterness left by the scheme for [sped up] promotion for graduates left its mark .

When James Callaghan accelerated the debate in 1976 , the quality of discussion was indeed raised , in what turned out to be the Schools Council 's declining years , under the combined influence of the Chair , John Tomlinson , and the Secretary , John Mann .
when james callaghan [sped up] the debate in 1976 , the quality of discussion was indeed raised , in what turned out to be the schools council 's declining years , under the combined influence of the chair , john tomlinson , and the secretary , john mann .

If the direction of change was already clear by the end of the 1970s , the pace of change accelerated dramatically in the early 1980s .
if the direction of change was already clear by the end of the 1970s , the pace of change [sped up] dramatically in the early 1980s .

This situation has accelerated the user experience of expert systems , and has given rise to the increasingly sophisticated applications in which expert systems can have combinations of simulation facilities , database links , graphic interfaces and speech recognition facilities .
this situation has [sped up] the user experience of expert systems , and has given rise to the increasingly sophisticated applications in which expert systems can have combinations of simulation facilities , database links , graphic interfaces and speech recognition facilities .

Periodically the rumble accelerated as the propellers came clear of the water , throbbing like a heart beat .
periodically the rumble [sped up] as the propellers came clear of the water , throbbing like a heart beat .

It had seemed to slow down briefly after the impact , as if the driver was considering whether to stop or not , and then had accelerated off into the night .
it had seemed to slow down briefly after the impact , as if the driver was considering whether to stop or not , and then had [sped up] off into the night .

Instinct attached my hands to the reins as she accelerated and headed for home with me in tow .
instinct attached my hands to the reins as she [sped up] and headed for home with me in tow .

Publicity accelerated as the Times Beach residents scattered , and government technicians moved in late last year .
publicity [sped up] as the times beach residents scattered , and government technicians moved in late last year .

Both interactions occurred between all sorts of subatomic particle : protons , neutrons , electrons , neutrinos and all the more exotic variants of these that occur only in high-energy cosmic rays from outer space , or in experiments with highly accelerated beams of particles .
both interactions occurred between all sorts of subatomic particle : protons , neutrons , electrons , neutrinos and all the more exotic variants of these that occur only in high-energy cosmic rays from outer space , or in experiments with highly [sped up] beams of particles .

It accelerated more than anticipated with the result that the capsule landed in the Atlantic over a hundred miles away from the target area .
it [sped up] more than anticipated with the result that the capsule landed in the atlantic over a hundred miles away from the target area .

The neutrons came from fusion reactions between particles that had been accelerated to very high energies by magnetic fields the scientists were using to contain the very hot ionised gases that were supposed to support fusion .
the neutrons came from fusion reactions between particles that had been [sped up] to very high energies by magnetic fields the scientists were using to contain the very hot ionised gases that were supposed to support fusion .

Another project that the ministry has suddenly accelerated after two years of inaction is a new missile designed to destroy enemy radars .
another project that the ministry has suddenly [sped up] after two years of inaction is a new missile designed to destroy enemy radars .

One must remember that Galileo was part of the Renaissance , the centuries-long ferment accelerated and intensified by the invention of printing in the middle of the 15th century .
one must remember that galileo was part of the renaissance , the centuries-long ferment [sped up] and intensified by the invention of printing in the middle of the 15th century .

In the Oxford project , this is done by producing , from a specimen of graphite , carbon ions which are accelerated at very high energy past an array of magnets .
in the oxford project , this is done by producing , from a specimen of graphite , carbon ions which are [sped up] at very high energy past an array of magnets .

These dramatic spectacles are caused by charged particles , which are accelerated in solar flares , being diverted towards the poles by the Earth 's magnetic field where they enter the upper atmosphere causing ionisation and producing light .
these dramatic spectacles are caused by charged particles , which are [sped up] in solar flares , being diverted towards the poles by the earth 's magnetic field where they enter the upper atmosphere causing ionisation and producing light .

Points at the Fermi energy are the only ones adjacent to vacant , higher energy states and so represent mobile electrons that can be accelerated , by an electric field , for example .
points at the fermi energy are the only ones adjacent to vacant , higher energy states and so represent mobile electrons that can be [sped up] , by an electric field , for example .

It is argued that whilst this tradition continues today it has been accelerated by the arrival of North Sea oil money and consolidated by the housing needs of incoming workers many of whom desire to own their own property .
it is argued that whilst this tradition continues today it has been [sped up] by the arrival of north sea oil money and consolidated by the housing needs of incoming workers many of whom desire to own their own property .

The stones at the Merry Maidens stone circle in Cornwall are said to be musicians who accelerated their pace until they became petrified with exhaustion .
the stones at the merry maidens stone circle in cornwall are said to be musicians who [sped up] their pace until they became petrified with exhaustion .

Chief executive , Bryan Sanderson , said that the ‘ necessity for cost reduction has been accelerated by deteriorating petrochemicals environment ’ .
chief executive , bryan sanderson , said that the ‘ necessity for cost reduction has been [sped up] by deteriorating petrochemicals environment ’ .

With these coatings , bone bonding is accelerated and it is possible to eliminate the use of bone cements in fixing artificial hips into the femur .
with these coatings , bone bonding is [sped up] and it is possible to eliminate the use of bone cements in fixing artificial hips into the femur .

The decline in the demand for wooden poles has been accelerated by the frequent use of metal poles .
the decline in the demand for wooden poles has been [sped up] by the frequent use of metal poles .

Broadly speaking , the official statistics indicate that there is an increasing rate of crime , and that the increase has accelerated rapidly in the post-war period , especially since the mid-1950s .
broadly speaking , the official statistics indicate that there is an increasing rate of crime , and that the increase has [sped up] rapidly in the post-war period , especially since the mid-1950s .

Another aspect of adult education , operating mostly in urban areas , was an ‘ accelerated primary ’ programme which gave those who were newly literate access to formal education in night classes .
another aspect of adult education , operating mostly in urban areas , was an ‘ [sped up] primary ’ programme which gave those who were newly literate access to formal education in night classes .

The truth is that many children also work , so 12-,13- and 14-year-olds also attend the accelerated primary schools at night .
the truth is that many children also work , so 12-,13- and 14-year-olds also attend the [sped up] primary schools at night .

Deforestation is also a significant problem in mountainous regions , notably in the Andes and the Himalayas , and has caused accelerated soil erosion as well as water management problems for downslope piedmont and deltaic regions .
deforestation is also a significant problem in mountainous regions , notably in the andes and the himalayas , and has caused [sped up] soil erosion as well as water management problems for downslope piedmont and deltaic regions .

While soil erosion is an integral part of natural denudation processes , human activity , especially injudicious agricultural practices , has greatly accelerated natural rates of soil erosion affecting not only areas from which soil is removed but areas in which it is deposited .
while soil erosion is an integral part of natural denudation processes , human activity , especially injudicious agricultural practices , has greatly [sped up] natural rates of soil erosion affecting not only areas from which soil is removed but areas in which it is deposited .

For agriculture , the most significant result of accelerated soil erosion is a reduction in productivity .
for agriculture , the most significant result of [sped up] soil erosion is a reduction in productivity .

These data reinforce Lal 's ( 1988 ) view that accelerated soil erosion is a major global problem .
these data reinforce lal 's ( 1988 ) view that [sped up] soil erosion is a major global problem .

In Tanzania , for example , the Dodoma section of the semi-arid central region has a long history of both accelerated soil erosion and attempts at conservation .
in tanzania , for example , the dodoma section of the semi-arid central region has a long history of both [sped up] soil erosion and attempts at conservation .

The region has a long history of human activity ( section 3.2.1 ) , and although erosion has always been a problem it has intensified considerably in the last 100 years as deforestation has accelerated and grasslands have been degraded .
the region has a long history of human activity ( section 3.2.1 ) , and although erosion has always been a problem it has intensified considerably in the last 100 years as deforestation has [sped up] and grasslands have been degraded .

In addition , removal of the protective vegetation cover and its replacement with a crop or pasture often results in accelerated soil erosion that exacerbates nutrient deficits .
in addition , removal of the protective vegetation cover and its replacement with a crop or pasture often results in [sped up] soil erosion that exacerbates nutrient deficits .

The effects of deforestation and management on tropical soils has also been discussed by Lal ( 1986 ) , who cites examples in the humid tropics where deforestation has resulted in accelerated soil erosion .
the effects of deforestation and management on tropical soils has also been discussed by lal ( 1986 ) , who cites examples in the humid tropics where deforestation has resulted in [sped up] soil erosion .

In the Sikkim Himalaya , for example , forest clearance of steep slopes for maize and rice cultivation have accelerated erosion rates as is evidenced by dry gullies and an increased sediment load of rivers .
in the sikkim himalaya , for example , forest clearance of steep slopes for maize and rice cultivation have [sped up] erosion rates as is evidenced by dry gullies and an increased sediment load of rivers .

Such erosion is also contributing to accelerated sedimentation in reservoirs but it is not the only cause , as Tejwani ( 1987b ) has discussed in relation to reservoirs in the Indian Himalaya .
such erosion is also contributing to [sped up] sedimentation in reservoirs but it is not the only cause , as tejwani ( 1987b ) has discussed in relation to reservoirs in the indian himalaya .

The practice of slash and burn shifting cultivation , along with intensive mixed cropping , is causing accelerated soil erosion and , as the moisture-retaining capacity of the soil is impaired , the incidence of flooding is increasing .
the practice of slash and burn shifting cultivation , along with intensive mixed cropping , is causing [sped up] soil erosion and , as the moisture-retaining capacity of the soil is impaired , the incidence of flooding is increasing .

It is this which has resulted in accelerated erosion .
it is this which has resulted in [sped up] erosion .

Accelerated runoff and nutrient losses also occur as a result of thinning and especially clear felling .
[sped up] runoff and nutrient losses also occur as a result of thinning and especially clear felling .

In the Norfolk Broads , Britain , for example , aquatic plants have been damaged by the mechanical action of propellers and boat hulls which have also accelerated bank erosion .
in the norfolk broads , britain , for example , aquatic plants have been damaged by the mechanical action of propellers and boat hulls which have also [sped up] bank erosion .

She accelerated industrialization , in particular the nuclear power industry , including a first atomic explosion in the desert in 1974 .
she [sped up] industrialization , in particular the nuclear power industry , including a first atomic explosion in the desert in 1974 .

Accelerated lines miss out on many of the canal ’ s sites ; airport motor launches cross directly to San Marco from the Lido so drop your bags off at the hotel and then hop on the number 1 in the opposite direction , round-trip .
[sped up] lines miss out on many of the canal ’ s sites ; airport motor launches cross directly to san marco from the lido so drop your bags off at the hotel and then hop on the number 1 in the opposite direction , round-trip .

Conquest of the Greeks accelerated rather than halted the influence of their culture in Italy .
conquest of the greeks [sped up] rather than halted the influence of their culture in italy .

Climate changes had already had the effect of reducing the amount of forest land ; the monks accelerated this process by clearing many more acres in order to make room for ever-growing herds of sheep .
climate changes had already had the effect of reducing the amount of forest land ; the monks [sped up] this process by clearing many more acres in order to make room for ever-growing herds of sheep .

Around 930 , the kingdom of East Java conquered Bali and the conversion process accelerated .
around 930 , the kingdom of east java conquered bali and the conversion process [sped up] .

Black radicalism accelerated after the Watts riots in Los Angeles in 1965 and reached its peak with the Black Panthers in Oakland , a paramilitary organization led by Huey Newton , Eldridge Cleaver , and Bobby Seale .
black radicalism [sped up] after the watts riots in los angeles in 1965 and reached its peak with the black panthers in oakland , a paramilitary organization led by huey newton , eldridge cleaver , and bobby seale .

The pace of change has accelerated for government and for the country as a whole .
the pace of change has [sped up] for government and for the country as a whole .

Procurement specialists trained primarily in contract negotiation and review rather than design and construction have been playing increasingly greater roles in facilities development.13 The federal downsizing trend accelerated after 1991 as a result of a changed global environment , a shift in focus toward smaller and more costeffective government , and a number of legislative initiatives .
procurement specialists trained primarily in contract negotiation and review rather than design and construction have been playing increasingly greater roles in facilities development.13 the federal downsizing trend [sped up] after 1991 as a result of a changed global environment , a shift in focus toward smaller and more costeffective government , and a number of legislative initiatives .

After slowing to 3.2 percent over the 1970s and 1980s and further to only 2.4 percent in the early 1990s , annual GDP growth accelerated to an average of 4.3 percent from 1995 to 2000 .
after slowing to 3.2 percent over the 1970s and 1980s and further to only 2.4 percent in the early 1990s , annual gdp growth [sped up] to an average of 4.3 percent from 1995 to 2000 .

Page 91 GAO-01-591SP National Saving productivity growth has indeed accelerated or has just temporarily deviated from underlying historical trends as it has many times in the past.17 Some observers have declared that the U.S. economy has entered a new era of more rapid economic growth , and it is possible that future growth could be even more robust than CBO 's baseline economic projections assume .
page 91 gao-01-591sp national saving productivity growth has indeed [sped up] or has just temporarily deviated from underlying historical trends as it has many times in the past.17 some observers have declared that the u.s. economy has entered a new era of more rapid economic growth , and it is possible that future growth could be even more robust than cbo 's baseline economic projections assume .

Some tax provisions allow accelerated depreciation so that businesses can more quickly recover the costs of investing in certain types of equipment and structures .
some tax provisions allow [sped up] depreciation so that businesses can more quickly recover the costs of investing in certain types of equipment and structures .

A package might include accelerated salary schedules or stock options .
a package might include [sped up] salary schedules or stock options .

As the pace of the evolution of service delivery systems and the reconfiguration of grantees accelerated following the funding cutbacks and program reforms in 1996 , and spurred on by the technological revolution , the reporting of grantee activity solely on the basis of `` cases '' was becoming increasingly inadequate .
as the pace of the evolution of service delivery systems and the reconfiguration of grantees [sped up] following the funding cutbacks and program reforms in 1996 , and spurred on by the technological revolution , the reporting of grantee activity solely on the basis of `` cases '' was becoming increasingly inadequate .

As a result of this greater level of program activity , there is an accelerated penetration of energy-efficient technologies that drives electricity sales down by 6.8 percent in 2010 ( compared to the CEF reference case for that same year ) .
as a result of this greater level of program activity , there is an [sped up] penetration of energy-efficient technologies that drives electricity sales down by 6.8 percent in 2010 ( compared to the cef reference case for that same year ) .

After visiting the Airman Flight School in Norman , Oklahoma ( where Zacarias Moussaoui would enroll several months later and where another al Qaeda operative , Ihab Ali , had taken lessons in the mid1990s ) , Atta started flight instruction at Huffman Aviation in Venice , Florida , and both Atta and Shehhi subsequently enrolled in the Accelerated Pilot Program at that school .
after visiting the airman flight school in norman , oklahoma ( where zacarias moussaoui would enroll several months later and where another al qaeda operative , ihab ali , had taken lessons in the mid1990s ) , atta started flight instruction at huffman aviation in venice , florida , and both atta and shehhi subsequently enrolled in the [sped up] pilot program at that school .

Rats fed a high protein-to-calorie diet had accelerated weight loss , compared to sleep-deprived rats fed calorie-augmented ( fatty ) diets [ 32 ] .
rats fed a high protein-to-calorie diet had [sped up] weight loss , compared to sleep-deprived rats fed calorie-augmented ( fatty ) diets [ 32 ] .

This can be revealed by an accelerated rate of amino-acid change after duplication in one of the gene copies .
this can be revealed by an [sped up] rate of amino-acid change after duplication in one of the gene copies .

The authors admit that this observation could be due to any factor that affects malaria risk and varies with age but state that accelerated immune acquisition seems the most likely explanation .
the authors admit that this observation could be due to any factor that affects malaria risk and varies with age but state that [sped up] immune acquisition seems the most likely explanation .

They suggest several mechanisms for how HbAS could accelerate immune acquisition ; for example , immunity could be mediated by accelerated acquisition of antibodies to altered host antigens expressed on the parasite-infected red cell surface .
they suggest several mechanisms for how hbas could accelerate immune acquisition ; for example , immunity could be mediated by [sped up] acquisition of antibodies to altered host antigens expressed on the parasite-infected red cell surface .

For accelerated malaria-specific immunity to be relevant to HbAS selection it would have to operate within a period of maximum risk for severe and fatal malaria .
for [sped up] malaria-specific immunity to be relevant to hbas selection it would have to operate within a period of maximum risk for severe and fatal malaria .

The relationship between smoking and cardiovascular disease is well documented , as is the association of smoking with increased levels of inflammatory markers and accelerated atherosclerosis .
the relationship between smoking and cardiovascular disease is well documented , as is the association of smoking with increased levels of inflammatory markers and [sped up] atherosclerosis .

Therefore , parallel efforts to prevent or reduce transmission and to treat infected individuals need to be accelerated now .
therefore , parallel efforts to prevent or reduce transmission and to treat infected individuals need to be [sped up] now .

Further , airway limitation , another characteristic of human asthma , is clinically linked to an accelerated rate of loss of lung function in smoker individuals [ 13 ] .
further , airway limitation , another characteristic of human asthma , is clinically linked to an [sped up] rate of loss of lung function in smoker individuals [ 13 ] .

The nearly neutral theory of evolution ( Ohta 1973 ) predicts accelerated fixation of deleterious mutations through random genetic drift in small populations , a phenomenon that has been observed in endosymbionts ( Moran 1996 ; Lambert and Moran 1998 ) .
the nearly neutral theory of evolution ( ohta 1973 ) predicts [sped up] fixation of deleterious mutations through random genetic drift in small populations , a phenomenon that has been observed in endosymbionts ( moran 1996 ; lambert and moran 1998 ) .

The impact of these projects will be accelerated by an economic development initiative launched this year which will enable new and existing businesses to flourish in this neighborhood .
the impact of these projects will be [sped up] by an economic development initiative launched this year which will enable new and existing businesses to flourish in this neighborhood .

Sensitive documents dealing with American foreign policy and the Manhattan Project were given to the Soviets and may have accelerated the development of a Soviet nuclear bomb by several years .
sensitive documents dealing with american foreign policy and the manhattan project were given to the soviets and may have [sped up] the development of a soviet nuclear bomb by several years .

Although the paper 's slide into ethically questionable business practices predates Willes ' arrival , Shaw makes clear that Willes has accelerated it .
although the paper 's slide into ethically questionable business practices predates willes ' arrival , shaw makes clear that willes has [sped up] it .

Meanwhile , Stoll 's book has accelerated debate among anthropologists and literary scholars over the reliability of individual testimony and the proper relationship between autobiographical narrative and literal truth .
meanwhile , stoll 's book has [sped up] debate among anthropologists and literary scholars over the reliability of individual testimony and the proper relationship between autobiographical narrative and literal truth .

The revocation of special mulatto rights accelerated the practice of passing for white .
the revocation of special mulatto rights [sped up] the practice of passing for white .

Compare and contrast the accelerated boom and flack of modern American life with the pressures of changed society on American men .
compare and contrast the [sped up] boom and flack of modern american life with the pressures of changed society on american men .

The actual implementation of the controls had been careful and selective , and important economic reforms -- such as strengthening the banking system -- had , if anything , accelerated after the new policy was introduced .
the actual implementation of the controls had been careful and selective , and important economic reforms -- such as strengthening the banking system -- had , if anything , [sped up] after the new policy was introduced .

Thanks to virtually free e-mail , the velocity of chain mail has accelerated on the Net , and successful chains now billow into huge , tumorous entities in a matter of weeks .
thanks to virtually free e-mail , the velocity of chain mail has [sped up] on the net , and successful chains now billow into huge , tumorous entities in a matter of weeks .

He continued and accelerated a movement in both elite and popular thinking about welfare policy that had largely begun in the Nixon years : that welfare should be much more closely tied to work , that it should be ( to use a phrase created , but never really acted upon , by Lyndon Johnson ) a `` hand up not a handout . ''
he continued and [sped up] a movement in both elite and popular thinking about welfare policy that had largely begun in the nixon years : that welfare should be much more closely tied to work , that it should be ( to use a phrase created , but never really acted upon , by lyndon johnson ) a `` hand up not a handout . ''

The technological revolution accelerated in part due to the explosion of venture capital that became available in the 1980s .
the technological revolution [sped up] in part due to the explosion of venture capital that became available in the 1980s .

The police , however , provided the `` tipping point '' that accelerated a process that you properly note : Crime had been slowly dropping for some period of time .
the police , however , provided the `` tipping point '' that [sped up] a process that you properly note : crime had been slowly dropping for some period of time .

New drugs , diagnostics , and other technologies have accelerated costs far beyond the pace of inflation .
new drugs , diagnostics , and other technologies have [sped up] costs far beyond the pace of inflation .

The chief of Indonesia 's armed forces , Gen. Wiranto , expressed willingness to accept an `` accelerated deployment '' of peacekeeping troops .
the chief of indonesia 's armed forces , gen. wiranto , expressed willingness to accept an `` [sped up] deployment '' of peacekeeping troops .

As the movement toward managed care has accelerated to a full gallop -- and health-care costs , once thought unreinable , have slowed to a walk -- managed care has become the bugbear of liberal critics .
as the movement toward managed care has [sped up] to a full gallop -- and health-care costs , once thought unreinable , have slowed to a walk -- managed care has become the bugbear of liberal critics .

Dexter and his business partner and college friend Phillip Jones have also accelerated licensing of Martin Luther King Jr. products : You can now buy `` Keep the Dream Alive '' checks and tasteful King statuettes .
dexter and his business partner and college friend phillip jones have also [sped up] licensing of martin luther king jr. products : you can now buy `` keep the dream alive '' checks and tasteful king statuettes .

According to the U.N. chief weapons inspector , Richard Butler , the Iraqis had asked for an accelerated schedule of inspections so that sanctions could be lifted immediately .
according to the u.n. chief weapons inspector , richard butler , the iraqis had asked for an [sped up] schedule of inspections so that sanctions could be lifted immediately .

The LAT leads with an exclusive : that a `` rogue operation '' of officials within the ATF accelerated the approval of import permits for 150,000 modified assault weapons so that the guns could be sold legally , despite the officials ' full awareness of President Clinton 's clear intent to keep such guns out of the country .
the lat leads with an exclusive : that a `` rogue operation '' of officials within the atf [sped up] the approval of import permits for 150,000 modified assault weapons so that the guns could be sold legally , despite the officials ' full awareness of president clinton 's clear intent to keep such guns out of the country .

The context for the LAT lead is that the boom in light trucks and sport utility vehicles has accelerated pollution because they are n't subject to the same emission and fuel economy controls as passenger cars .
the context for the lat lead is that the boom in light trucks and sport utility vehicles has [sped up] pollution because they are n't subject to the same emission and fuel economy controls as passenger cars .

The LAT lead says that the U.S.-spearheaded intervention in Kosovo seems to have accelerated a collaboration between Russia , China and India , which together , the paper notes , represent a vast nuclear stockpile and 2.5 billion people .
the lat lead says that the u.s.-spearheaded intervention in kosovo seems to have [sped up] a collaboration between russia , china and india , which together , the paper notes , represent a vast nuclear stockpile and 2.5 billion people .

John Keats ' life was an accelerated grimace .
john keats ' life was an [sped up] grimace .

Both the NYT and WP quote an expert 's observation that the recent trend of school shootings has accelerated from single specific victims to indiscriminate multiple homicides .
both the nyt and wp quote an expert 's observation that the recent trend of school shootings has [sped up] from single specific victims to indiscriminate multiple homicides .

Productivity growth has accelerated , which means that the old speed limit has been repealed .
productivity growth has [sped up] , which means that the old speed limit has been repealed .

Clinton 's spokesmen have accelerated this spin cycle , accusing Starr of launching what Clinton adviser James Carville calls `` a scuzzy investigation '' to dig up `` some kind of sleazy sex . ''
clinton 's spokesmen have [sped up] this spin cycle , accusing starr of launching what clinton adviser james carville calls `` a scuzzy investigation '' to dig up `` some kind of sleazy sex . ''

After her husband left her for a younger woman , Albright 's professional ambition accelerated .
after her husband left her for a younger woman , albright 's professional ambition [sped up] .

Much would come in the form of reduced Social Security benefits , notably accelerated increases in the retirement age and a one-percentage-point cut in annual cost-of-living benefit adjustments .
much would come in the form of reduced social security benefits , notably [sped up] increases in the retirement age and a one-percentage-point cut in annual cost-of-living benefit adjustments .

Already , he had signed the Civil Rights Act , accelerated the war in Vietnam , and watched entire neighborhoods in Harlem go up in smoke .
already , he had signed the civil rights act , [sped up] the war in vietnam , and watched entire neighborhoods in harlem go up in smoke .

