Some general things to look for in a site , if you haven't already bought one , are accessibility , water drainage , and orientation .
some general things to look for in a site , if you haven't already bought one , are [ease of use] , water drainage , and orientation .

According to a number of studies , the important predictors are the nature and management of the client's anxiety as well as the accessibility of the helping person .
according to a number of studies , the important predictors are the nature and management of the client's anxiety as well as the [ease of use] of the helping person .

This would contradict the open-ended accessibility that is the hallmark of unit trusts .
this would contradict the open-ended [ease of use] that is the hallmark of unit trusts .

But these are allegorical landscapes , rich in symbolism relating not only to the public domain of universally recognised codes but also to the artist 's personal mythologies . So the work raises questions of accessibility , and although Braham is keen to help decipher it , should art 's meaning ultimately depend on personal contact with the artist ?
but these are allegorical landscapes , rich in symbolism relating not only to the public domain of universally recognised codes but also to the artist 's personal mythologies . so the work raises questions of [ease of use] , and although braham is keen to help decipher it , should art 's meaning ultimately depend on personal contact with the artist ?

‘ We need to capture the hearts and minds of the people of Teesside to make them more aware of the professional help which our 124 expert staff can provide , and we need to improve further our accessibility , ’ said Mr Howell .
‘ we need to capture the hearts and minds of the people of teesside to make them more aware of the professional help which our 124 expert staff can provide , and we need to improve further our [ease of use] , ’ said mr howell .

The health authority had been looking for a site since 1989 but found difficulty in obtaining suitable premises in terms of locality , accessibility and size of ground floor accommodation .
the health authority had been looking for a site since 1989 but found difficulty in obtaining suitable premises in terms of locality , [ease of use] and size of ground floor accommodation .

Access was already frustrated by an existing step and the additional minor increase in height made no real significant decrease in accessibility .
access was already frustrated by an existing step and the additional minor increase in height made no real significant decrease in [ease of use] .

The Secretary of State is urged by the Committee to advocate European legislation for the mandatory inclusion of accessibility features in future bus design .
the secretary of state is urged by the committee to advocate european legislation for the mandatory inclusion of [ease of use] features in future bus design .

The fish , according to species , will need swimming space , and hiding places , and you will need accessibility for tank maintenance .
the fish , according to species , will need swimming space , and hiding places , and you will need [ease of use] for tank maintenance .

In short , the message of Traffic in Towns was that in order to find civilized ways of accommodating larger volumes of cars , more money could be spent on physical alteration to the area to raise environmental standards or to increase accessibility levels , or both .
in short , the message of traffic in towns was that in order to find civilized ways of accommodating larger volumes of cars , more money could be spent on physical alteration to the area to raise environmental standards or to increase [ease of use] levels , or both .

In some respects , all three approaches produced similar outcomes , such as the reduction in car accessibility and diminution of through traffic as a result of the traffic restraint measures .
in some respects , all three approaches produced similar outcomes , such as the reduction in car [ease of use] and diminution of through traffic as a result of the traffic restraint measures .

Within the residential areas the habitat function must be improved without reducing the accessibility of destinations .
within the residential areas the habitat function must be improved without reducing the [ease of use] of destinations .

The second major message of the report was to try to distinguish between mobility and accessibility .
the second major message of the report was to try to distinguish between mobility and [ease of use] .

‘ We have enough traffic but we lack accessibility ’ argued the text .
‘ we have enough traffic but we lack [ease of use] ’ argued the text .

These needs and facilities are both part of the pedestrian environment , which might be defined as the interface between the walker 's personal ability to cope with environmental challenge , the location and accessibility of destinations , and the characteristics of the environment en route .
these needs and facilities are both part of the pedestrian environment , which might be defined as the interface between the walker 's personal ability to cope with environmental challenge , the location and [ease of use] of destinations , and the characteristics of the environment en route .

Other surveys have identified the walking problems of the handicapped , for whom accessibility to shops and services is so frequently a problem .
other surveys have identified the walking problems of the handicapped , for whom [ease of use] to shops and services is so frequently a problem .

Quite apart from society 's moral obligation to maintain , as far as possible , an individual 's quality of life through accessibility to necessary functions , there is a public economic interest too .
quite apart from society 's moral obligation to maintain , as far as possible , an individual 's quality of life through [ease of use] to necessary functions , there is a public economic interest too .

Accessibility — the ease of travel and its costs
[ease of use] — the ease of travel and its costs

Accessibility 144 points
[ease of use] 144 points

Pergolas and arches are not so bad for accessibility , but dead-heading means work above your head and that entails the use of steps , which require a firm path or surface before you place yourself at risk on them .
pergolas and arches are not so bad for [ease of use] , but dead-heading means work above your head and that entails the use of steps , which require a firm path or surface before you place yourself at risk on them .

The concept of appropriate technology has been defined in terms of the criteria of accessibility and affordability to all who need it , and sensitivity to the traditions of the people .
the concept of appropriate technology has been defined in terms of the criteria of [ease of use] and affordability to all who need it , and sensitivity to the traditions of the people .

This bid for greater accessibility only extends so far to mainstream and international subjects — many of the most interesting studies on medieval art are by German authors , and these are published in German only .
this bid for greater [ease of use] only extends so far to mainstream and international subjects — many of the most interesting studies on medieval art are by german authors , and these are published in german only .

The understanding of the pragmatic limitations and constraints of each given context — accessibility , surface- and sub-surface conditions , load-bearing capacities , etc .
the understanding of the pragmatic limitations and constraints of each given context — [ease of use] , surface- and sub-surface conditions , load-bearing capacities , etc .

By the time ‘ 85/'86 came around , Swans were untouchable and starting to show sings of a belated accessibility .
by the time ‘ 85/'86 came around , swans were untouchable and starting to show sings of a belated [ease of use] .

They are completely true to the ideals of the National Gallery : public accessibility , free access , no selling of pictures .
they are completely true to the ideals of the national gallery : public [ease of use] , free access , no selling of pictures .

They evolve by changing the attitudes , accessibility and availability of the said sport .
they evolve by changing the attitudes , [ease of use] and availability of the said sport .

An important feature of all good alcohol and drug services is instant accessibility .
an important feature of all good alcohol and drug services is instant [ease of use] .

Nonetheless , the concept has been developed to include accessibility and this use is discussed more fully in the next chapter on Rural Transport and Accessibility .
nonetheless , the concept has been developed to include [ease of use] and this use is discussed more fully in the next chapter on rural transport and [ease of use] .

Rural transport and accessibility
rural transport and [ease of use]

However , although the National Consumer Council concluded that such schemes do make a very real contribution , and also make possible extra journeys and excursions which would not be provided by fully routed bus services , they also pointed out that the schemes could not provide a complete answer to accessibility problems in rural areas .
however , although the national consumer council concluded that such schemes do make a very real contribution , and also make possible extra journeys and excursions which would not be provided by fully routed bus services , they also pointed out that the schemes could not provide a complete answer to [ease of use] problems in rural areas .

This approach has been used by Moseley ( 1979 ) to measure accessibility by constructing a time-space matrix for each rural/social/age group ( rows ) and for each rural service needed ( columns ) .
this approach has been used by moseley ( 1979 ) to measure [ease of use] by constructing a time-space matrix for each rural/social/age group ( rows ) and for each rural service needed ( columns ) .

Other methods to measure accessibility have involved questionnaire surveys of hospital visits ( Haynes and Bentham , 1979 ) or matrices of distance from various centres of population as shown in Table 6.4 , or surveys of access to a car as shown in Table 6.5 .
other methods to measure [ease of use] have involved questionnaire surveys of hospital visits ( haynes and bentham , 1979 ) or matrices of distance from various centres of population as shown in table 6.4 , or surveys of access to a car as shown in table 6.5 .

At its most basic level then , accessibility ( Moseley , 1979 , 7 ) measures three components :
at its most basic level then , [ease of use] ( moseley , 1979 , 7 ) measures three components :

Finally , Stanley and Farrington ( 1981 , 78 ) also conclude that public transport is only one component of accessibility and argue that accessibility deprivation can be alleviated in one of three strategic ways :
finally , stanley and farrington ( 1981 , 78 ) also conclude that public transport is only one component of [ease of use] and argue that [ease of use] deprivation can be alleviated in one of three strategic ways :

compounded by the problems of poor accessibility in areas that are relatively ( or absolutely ) sparsely populated and increasingly deprived by the concentration of employment and services in centres of population .
compounded by the problems of poor [ease of use] in areas that are relatively ( or absolutely ) sparsely populated and increasingly deprived by the concentration of employment and services in centres of population .

In another example Cullingford and Openshaw ( 1982 ) list five different approaches to the identification of rural deprivation : income , individual perceptions of quality of life , accessibility , distribution of facilities , and social area analysis by multivariate statistics .
in another example cullingford and openshaw ( 1982 ) list five different approaches to the identification of rural deprivation : income , individual perceptions of quality of life , [ease of use] , distribution of facilities , and social area analysis by multivariate statistics .

Differing levels of road accessibility ;
differing levels of road [ease of use] ;

This approach would require improved provision of information from local government to the community and hence increased accessibility of school roll forecasts .
this approach would require improved provision of information from local government to the community and hence increased [ease of use] of school roll forecasts .

The ratio of locals to newcomers in the village today depends not only on the accessibility to nearby urban centres , but , now that most of lowland England has been subject to these changes , by the mixture of housing which each village contains .
the ratio of locals to newcomers in the village today depends not only on the [ease of use] to nearby urban centres , but , now that most of lowland england has been subject to these changes , by the mixture of housing which each village contains .

There is , indeed , a much less rigid distinction between working and non-working hours , for with easier accessibility between home and workplace the farm worker tends to be involved in the job for as long as it demands , rather than working to any set hours .
there is , indeed , a much less rigid distinction between working and non-working hours , for with easier [ease of use] between home and workplace the farm worker tends to be involved in the job for as long as it demands , rather than working to any set hours .

In the true manner of a ‘ positional good ’ , the appreciation of the countryside thus continues to depend upon limitations placed upon its accessibility .
in the true manner of a ‘ positional good ’ , the appreciation of the countryside thus continues to depend upon limitations placed upon its [ease of use] .

The typical curriculum for deaf children and young people places so much emphasis on language and communication that it fails to acknowledge the importance of the accessibility and quality of the surrounding language environment or the depletion of general education that withdrawal into units for specialised tutoring in language and communication causes .
the typical curriculum for deaf children and young people places so much emphasis on language and communication that it fails to acknowledge the importance of the [ease of use] and quality of the surrounding language environment or the depletion of general education that withdrawal into units for specialised tutoring in language and communication causes .

As will be considered further in Chapter 6 , the large value of institutional holdings , the comparatively small number of institutions , and their mutual accessibility , make joint action more feasible than it is in the case of individual shareholders .
as will be considered further in chapter 6 , the large value of institutional holdings , the comparatively small number of institutions , and their mutual [ease of use] , make joint action more feasible than it is in the case of individual shareholders .

This may be out of a desire for absolute simplicity and ready accessibility for visitors , or because other commitments do not allow time and people to be available for the preparation and practice of music .
this may be out of a desire for absolute simplicity and ready [ease of use] for visitors , or because other commitments do not allow time and people to be available for the preparation and practice of music .

But English congregations generally find its simplicity , accessibility and memorability a valuable aid to worship .
but english congregations generally find its simplicity , [ease of use] and memorability a valuable aid to worship .

The accessibility of audio-visual media , and their pervasiveness , means that very few people are unaffected by them .
the [ease of use] of audio-visual media , and their pervasiveness , means that very few people are unaffected by them .

Yet perhaps it was the easy accessibility of English which made it so popular ; it has grown to be the second largest university subject .
yet perhaps it was the easy [ease of use] of english which made it so popular ; it has grown to be the second largest university subject .

All this is now being challenged by the more aggregative metaphors associated with modular courses , student choice , accessibility and flexibility , credit transfer and part-time study ( Squires 1979 ) .
all this is now being challenged by the more aggregative metaphors associated with modular courses , student choice , [ease of use] and flexibility , credit transfer and part-time study ( squires 1979 ) .

Such units may be termed secondary ( the primary/secondary distinction here is not , of course , a strict dichotomy — the accessibility , or ease of activation , of lexical units may be assumed to vary continuously ) .
such units may be termed secondary ( the primary/secondary distinction here is not , of course , a strict dichotomy — the [ease of use] , or ease of activation , of lexical units may be assumed to vary continuously ) .

The development of a successful design-based computing system is fully dependent upon the type of data base employed and its accessibility .
the development of a successful design-based computing system is fully dependent upon the type of data base employed and its [ease of use] .

However , once the technique has been mastered , and provided lots of space is left , making a set of notes with powerful punch and instant accessibility gives as much sense of achievement as going round the golf course under par or making a successful rugby try against strong opposition .
however , once the technique has been mastered , and provided lots of space is left , making a set of notes with powerful punch and instant [ease of use] gives as much sense of achievement as going round the golf course under par or making a successful rugby try against strong opposition .

Accessibility of communities/health services
[ease of use] of communities/health services

British transport policy continues to emphasise mobility rather than accessibility .
british transport policy continues to emphasise mobility rather than [ease of use] .

Indirect methods include attempts to improve accessibility , technical education and training ; direct methods include the provision of factories and industrial estates .
indirect methods include attempts to improve [ease of use] , technical education and training ; direct methods include the provision of factories and industrial estates .

These spatial and social variations provide the framework for interpreting the themes of accessibility , service provision , recreation and deprivation that are examine later in this book .
these spatial and social variations provide the framework for interpreting the themes of [ease of use] , service provision , recreation and deprivation that are examine later in this book .

Mitchell 's ( 1950 ) study of villages in the South West is particularly relevant because the considerable variations in population change rates that he noted did not appear to conform with any simple indices of accessibility .
mitchell 's ( 1950 ) study of villages in the south west is particularly relevant because the considerable variations in population change rates that he noted did not appear to conform with any simple indices of [ease of use] .

Some families choose particular village locations because multiple-car ownership eases their problems of accessibility ; others make the choice or are constrained to a particular area for economic reasons even though the ownership of just one car may cause difficulties for some members of the family ; yet other households may be constrained even to particular houses in particular locations .
some families choose particular village locations because multiple-car ownership eases their problems of [ease of use] ; others make the choice or are constrained to a particular area for economic reasons even though the ownership of just one car may cause difficulties for some members of the family ; yet other households may be constrained even to particular houses in particular locations .

These groups have different accessibility levels and are therefore subject to different life-style constraints ( Pahl 1975 ) .
these groups have different [ease of use] levels and are therefore subject to different life-style constraints ( pahl 1975 ) .

In the countryside the type and quality of a family 's housing is also affected by the accessibility of its location and by the social and financial circumstances of the family .
in the countryside the type and quality of a family 's housing is also affected by the [ease of use] of its location and by the social and financial circumstances of the family .

1 ) sees family income as a key explanatory variable , as this will influence accessibility and mobility , and largely govern the tenure that can be entered .
1 ) sees family income as a key explanatory variable , as this will influence [ease of use] and mobility , and largely govern the tenure that can be entered .

It also indicates the links between accessibility and quality of life , and between housing tenure and housing conditions , and their eventual effects on the lives of occupants .
it also indicates the links between [ease of use] and quality of life , and between housing tenure and housing conditions , and their eventual effects on the lives of occupants .

Unfitness , substandard amenities and under- or over-occupancy can all indicate ‘ bad ’ housing , but in social terms location and accessibility are paramount .
unfitness , substandard amenities and under- or over-occupancy can all indicate ‘ bad ’ housing , but in social terms location and [ease of use] are paramount .

Accessibility as a concept is discussed in chapter 6 ; here it is sufficient to mention its implications for personal mobility .
[ease of use] as a concept is discussed in chapter 6 ; here it is sufficient to mention its implications for personal mobility .

The tenure of rural housing is of considerable interest to social geographers , since access to specific sectors is restricted for many persons and the variation in security of tenure has social implications relating to quality of life , welfare , accessibility and expenditure on housing .
the tenure of rural housing is of considerable interest to social geographers , since access to specific sectors is restricted for many persons and the variation in security of tenure has social implications relating to quality of life , welfare , [ease of use] and expenditure on housing .

All this evidence tends to support the contention that there will be relatively few new council houses available for allocation in the more remote areas where housing need and accessibility problems may be most acute .
all this evidence tends to support the contention that there will be relatively few new council houses available for allocation in the more remote areas where housing need and [ease of use] problems may be most acute .

This chapter intends to highlight three important themes : accessibility in the countryside , transport costs and availability , and the ways in which various sub-groups are affected by them .
this chapter intends to highlight three important themes : [ease of use] in the countryside , transport costs and availability , and the ways in which various sub-groups are affected by them .

Accessibility has long been recognized as a ‘ slippery notion ’ .
[ease of use] has long been recognized as a ‘ slippery notion ’ .

However , there are great differences between physical , social and economic accessibility .
however , there are great differences between physical , social and economic [ease of use] .

Moseley cites two definitions of physical accessibility which have strong common themes ; ‘ the ease with which people can reach distant but necessary services … ’ ( Daly 1975 , p. 75 ) and ‘ the ability of people to reach destinations at which they carry out a given activity … ’ ( Mitchell and Town 1976 , p. 3 ) .
moseley cites two definitions of physical [ease of use] which have strong common themes ; ‘ the ease with which people can reach distant but necessary services … ’ ( daly 1975 , p. 75 ) and ‘ the ability of people to reach destinations at which they carry out a given activity … ’ ( mitchell and town 1976 , p. 3 ) .

It depends on matters such as physical attributes and abilities of individuals , their monetary resources , the availability of mechanized means of transport and the appropriate infrastructure ; but it does not depend on the opportunities that may or may not present themselves as a result of moving : accessibility alone incorporates this feature ( Moseley 1979a ) .
it depends on matters such as physical attributes and abilities of individuals , their monetary resources , the availability of mechanized means of transport and the appropriate infrastructure ; but it does not depend on the opportunities that may or may not present themselves as a result of moving : [ease of use] alone incorporates this feature ( moseley 1979a ) .

Accessibility to other services and facilities forms the subject of chapter 8 .
[ease of use] to other services and facilities forms the subject of chapter 8 .

To say that a certain village enjoys a certain level of accessibility is to summarize much too crudely the position of the middle-class person in a two-car household and the elderly person without a car because , as Moseley ( 1979a ) so correctly points out , these neighbours are effectively living in different worlds in terms of mobility .
to say that a certain village enjoys a certain level of [ease of use] is to summarize much too crudely the position of the middle-class person in a two-car household and the elderly person without a car because , as moseley ( 1979a ) so correctly points out , these neighbours are effectively living in different worlds in terms of mobility .

Therefore the spatial dimensions of accessibility and mobility have complex but very important social overtones .
therefore the spatial dimensions of [ease of use] and mobility have complex but very important social overtones .

Routes may be closed , reducing accessibility , or subsidies may be removed , increasing fares for users at a stroke .
routes may be closed , reducing [ease of use] , or subsidies may be removed , increasing fares for users at a stroke .

It is such non-local visits that raise the most serious problems of accessibility and are of the greatest importance to rural transport policy-makers ( Clark and Unwin 1981 ) .
it is such non-local visits that raise the most serious problems of [ease of use] and are of the greatest importance to rural transport policy-makers ( clark and unwin 1981 ) .

As a result the telephone might , ironically , accentuate and compound the rural accessibility problem .
as a result the telephone might , ironically , accentuate and compound the rural [ease of use] problem .

Moseley ( 1979b ) suggests a few alternatives : these should be borne in mind when access to services is discussed in chapter 8 , because there are also innovations in service type and provision aimed at improving accessibility .
moseley ( 1979b ) suggests a few alternatives : these should be borne in mind when access to services is discussed in chapter 8 , because there are also innovations in service type and provision aimed at improving [ease of use] .

For example , Nutley ( 1979 ) , when using transport coverage as a basic and simple indicator of accessibility , found that only 15 out of 365 sample settlements in the Highlands and Islands of Scotland were totally deprived of public transport in 1977 .
for example , nutley ( 1979 ) , when using transport coverage as a basic and simple indicator of [ease of use] , found that only 15 out of 365 sample settlements in the highlands and islands of scotland were totally deprived of public transport in 1977 .

The presence or absence of public transport that can get people to work , that may be thought of as a service available between 8 and 9 am and 5 and 6 pm from Mondays to Fridays , is a much more realistic indicator of accessibility .
the presence or absence of public transport that can get people to work , that may be thought of as a service available between 8 and 9 am and 5 and 6 pm from mondays to fridays , is a much more realistic indicator of [ease of use] .

The importance of such policies is the way in which they redistribute resources and accessibility within the countryside .
the importance of such policies is the way in which they redistribute resources and [ease of use] within the countryside .

The emphasis is on accessibility and the provision of facilities .
the emphasis is on [ease of use] and the provision of facilities .

Books are also convenient to use , with advantages of portability , accessibility and privacy in virtually any situation .
books are also convenient to use , with advantages of portability , [ease of use] and privacy in virtually any situation .

These goals seem reasonable on paper but require a strong political commitment to ensure the accessibility of basic primary health services to the population and the existence of a clear vision of the minimum level of service that the state expects .
these goals seem reasonable on paper but require a strong political commitment to ensure the [ease of use] of basic primary health services to the population and the existence of a clear vision of the minimum level of service that the state expects .

The list of accessibility of professional support does not mention any help , advice , or even referral to physicians specialising in relief of pain in cancer .
the list of [ease of use] of professional support does not mention any help , advice , or even referral to physicians specialising in relief of pain in cancer .

The declared characteristics of tribunals specified in the Franks Report were ‘ cheapness , accessibility and freedom from technicality , expedition and expert knowledge of the particular subject ’ and stated that the objectives of tribunal procedure are ‘ openness , fairness and impartiality ’ .
the declared characteristics of tribunals specified in the franks report were ‘ cheapness , [ease of use] and freedom from technicality , expedition and expert knowledge of the particular subject ’ and stated that the objectives of tribunal procedure are ‘ openness , fairness and impartiality ’ .

Accessibility and freedom from technicality may be taken together .
[ease of use] and freedom from technicality may be taken together .

The problem of accessibility is linked to the technical nature of the legal rules applied by many tribunals .
the problem of [ease of use] is linked to the technical nature of the legal rules applied by many tribunals .

It has been persistently asserted by policy-makers , some administrative law scholars , and those concerned with the administration of tribunals , that the informality of tribunals , their simplicity , and their accessibility , have rendered representation both unnecessary and undesirable .
it has been persistently asserted by policy-makers , some administrative law scholars , and those concerned with the administration of tribunals , that the informality of tribunals , their simplicity , and their [ease of use] , have rendered representation both unnecessary and undesirable .

The Lord who had revealed himself fitfully and alternately under the old covenant , when Moses commuted between the Lord on Sinai and the people on the plain ( with the glory reflected from his communing with God waxing and waning correspondingly ) has now revealed himself steadily and with unwithdrawn accessibility .
the lord who had revealed himself fitfully and alternately under the old covenant , when moses commuted between the lord on sinai and the people on the plain ( with the glory reflected from his communing with god waxing and waning correspondingly ) has now revealed himself steadily and with unwithdrawn [ease of use] .

Validity of market The four standard tests of segment validation are segmentation Identification , Measurability , Accessibility , Viability .
validity of market the four standard tests of segment validation are segmentation identification , measurability , [ease of use] , viability .

The Government promised to consult the disabled persons transport advisory committee on the introduction of new regulations that would result in better standards of accessibility to buses for the handicapped and the disabled .
the government promised to consult the disabled persons transport advisory committee on the introduction of new regulations that would result in better standards of [ease of use] to buses for the handicapped and the disabled .

Analysing his emotions , he came to the conclusion that Gwen 's affair with Marcus , far from making her more inaccessible , had merely confirmed her accessibility .
analysing his emotions , he came to the conclusion that gwen 's affair with marcus , far from making her more inaccessible , had merely confirmed her [ease of use] .

the ‘ cheek-to-jowl congestion at soccer stadia ’ or the dissemination of rumour or hostile beliefs via the media ) ; and the ‘ accessibility of objects of attack ’ , such as referees or unsegregated soccer fans .
the ‘ cheek-to-jowl congestion at soccer stadia ’ or the dissemination of rumour or hostile beliefs via the media ) ; and the ‘ [ease of use] of objects of attack ’ , such as referees or unsegregated soccer fans .

There is a tangible risk involved in introducing a novel , and a difficult novel at that , into a world of instant accessibility in which fiction is discursively ‘ redundant ’ .
there is a tangible risk involved in introducing a novel , and a difficult novel at that , into a world of instant [ease of use] in which fiction is discursively ‘ redundant ’ .

Day and weekend sacks are light enough for you to simply pack them with accessibility to key items of equipment like waterproofs the main priority .
day and weekend sacks are light enough for you to simply pack them with [ease of use] to key items of equipment like waterproofs the main priority .

Middlesex bore the brunt of the tide of development where the flat claylands in the centre and west lay open , with accessibility already afforded by railways constructed earlier ; its pasture was no longer needed and neither were the market garden plains of the south .
middlesex bore the brunt of the tide of development where the flat claylands in the centre and west lay open , with [ease of use] already afforded by railways constructed earlier ; its pasture was no longer needed and neither were the market garden plains of the south .

Particular attention should be given to accessibility so that an accumulation of inflammable materials , ( liquids , greases and rubbish ) can be easily seen and cleared away and areas likely to cause fire or overheating problems — electrical relays , switches , hot bearings , etc .
particular attention should be given to [ease of use] so that an accumulation of inflammable materials , ( liquids , greases and rubbish ) can be easily seen and cleared away and areas likely to cause fire or overheating problems — electrical relays , switches , hot bearings , etc .

These data are of interest not only because of the support they provide for the cohort model , but also because of a more general point they make about cognition , namely , that we must make a clear distinction between the sequence of processing stages and the accessibility of these stages for consciousness , or for the control of responses .
these data are of interest not only because of the support they provide for the cohort model , but also because of a more general point they make about cognition , namely , that we must make a clear distinction between the sequence of processing stages and the [ease of use] of these stages for consciousness , or for the control of responses .

We will discuss two issues , the existence of various alternative ways of expressing essentially similar information , and the relation between the accessibility of particular lexical items and the production of particular syntactic forms .
we will discuss two issues , the existence of various alternative ways of expressing essentially similar information , and the relation between the [ease of use] of particular lexical items and the production of particular syntactic forms .

We will therefore broaden our discussion of factors involved in the formulation of sentences to consider evidence concerning the accessibility of lexical items .
we will therefore broaden our discussion of factors involved in the formulation of sentences to consider evidence concerning the [ease of use] of lexical items .

8.5.2 Lexical accessibility and syntactic structure
8.5.2 lexical [ease of use] and syntactic structure

The possible role of lexical accessibility in determining the syntax of a speaker 's utterances has been considered at length by Bock ( 1982 ) .
the possible role of lexical [ease of use] in determining the syntax of a speaker 's utterances has been considered at length by bock ( 1982 ) .

The reasons for adopting this view that syntactic production and the accessibility of individual lexical items are closely related are twofold .
the reasons for adopting this view that syntactic production and the [ease of use] of individual lexical items are closely related are twofold .

The second reason for Bock 's claim about relations between syntactic form and lexical accessibility in production is an empirical one .
the second reason for bock 's claim about relations between syntactic form and lexical [ease of use] in production is an empirical one .

This is the finding that the same kinds of factors responsible for increasing lexical accessibility of single words ( mainly in studies of word recognition , but also in some studies of production ) are also responsible for affecting word order in sentences .
this is the finding that the same kinds of factors responsible for increasing lexical [ease of use] of single words ( mainly in studies of word recognition , but also in some studies of production ) are also responsible for affecting word order in sentences .

We described Garrett 's ideas about the various processes required for the production of spoken sentences , and the various factors ( discourse theme , animacy , lexical accessibility ) which determine the choice a speaker makes between different sentences expressing the same meaning — passives versus actives , for example .
we described garrett 's ideas about the various processes required for the production of spoken sentences , and the various factors ( discourse theme , animacy , lexical [ease of use] ) which determine the choice a speaker makes between different sentences expressing the same meaning — passives versus actives , for example .

The reasons for this seem to fall into three categories : ignorance of what solicitors can do on the part of potential clients and a lack of preparedness in pursuing legal action , that is apathy ; the public image of lawyers ; and barriers against use , in particular cost and accessibility .
the reasons for this seem to fall into three categories : ignorance of what solicitors can do on the part of potential clients and a lack of preparedness in pursuing legal action , that is apathy ; the public image of lawyers ; and barriers against use , in particular cost and [ease of use] .

There are , however , further barriers in the way of those needing legal advice , notably its cost and its accessibility .
there are , however , further barriers in the way of those needing legal advice , notably its cost and its [ease of use] .

The second barrier is that of the accessibility of lawyers .
the second barrier is that of the [ease of use] of lawyers .

Indeed , it is often suggested that a major problem with the procedure is its lack of accessibility to the private citizen .
indeed , it is often suggested that a major problem with the procedure is its lack of [ease of use] to the private citizen .

The problem of accessibility arises in a number of different ways , but primarily in the general difficulty that the private citizen has in undertaking litigation without representation , even though this is the intention behind the procedure .
the problem of [ease of use] arises in a number of different ways , but primarily in the general difficulty that the private citizen has in undertaking litigation without representation , even though this is the intention behind the procedure .

Realism , as Wolin ( 1984–5 , p. 11 ) has noted , in its accessibility , at least to the middle classes , was instrumental in identity-formation in the creation of a bourgeois public sphere in the nineteenth century .
realism , as wolin ( 1984–5 , p. 11 ) has noted , in its [ease of use] , at least to the middle classes , was instrumental in identity-formation in the creation of a bourgeois public sphere in the nineteenth century .

The substitution of a regime of ‘ intellectualist displeasure ’ for one of visual pleasure limits accessibility even for the art cinema audience .
the substitution of a regime of ‘ intellectualist displeasure ’ for one of visual pleasure limits [ease of use] even for the art cinema audience .

There is another important consideration — the simple matter of accessibility .
there is another important consideration — the simple matter of [ease of use] .

Any definition may fall short of perfection , but all statutory definitions serve the useful purposes of distillation , simplicity , brevity , accessibility and they can be improved in the light of experience and need .
any definition may fall short of perfection , but all statutory definitions serve the useful purposes of distillation , simplicity , brevity , [ease of use] and they can be improved in the light of experience and need .

The Council has introduced a Grant Scheme to encourage operators of commercial bus services in Lothian to improve the standard of accessibility of their vehicles .
the council has introduced a grant scheme to encourage operators of commercial bus services in lothian to improve the standard of [ease of use] of their vehicles .

Together , the Grant Scheme and the more stringent contract conditions should result in a marked improvement to buses in Lothian in terms of standards of passenger accessibility and safety .
together , the grant scheme and the more stringent contract conditions should result in a marked improvement to buses in lothian in terms of standards of passenger [ease of use] and safety .

The Council will use as a basis for all future supported bus service contracts in Lothian Standard Conditions which require the provision of a greater range of passenger safety and accessibility features on buses than previous sets of conditions .
the council will use as a basis for all future supported bus service contracts in lothian standard conditions which require the provision of a greater range of passenger safety and [ease of use] features on buses than previous sets of conditions .

In recognising the safety and accessibility needs of pedestrians the Council has nominated a Pedestrian Liaison Officer who has a specific responsibility to provide an interface with groups representing pedestrian interests to allow their views to be highlighted .
in recognising the safety and [ease of use] needs of pedestrians the council has nominated a pedestrian liaison officer who has a specific responsibility to provide an interface with groups representing pedestrian interests to allow their views to be highlighted .

It has , however , to be recognised that improved safety and greater mobility and accessibility can be conflicting goals ( see opposite ) .
it has , however , to be recognised that improved safety and greater mobility and [ease of use] can be conflicting goals ( see opposite ) .

Feeling oddly remote , detached , Luce walked through the various rooms as though on automatic pilot , weighing up the pros and cons : accessibility , what space was needed , how the lighting could be arranged , the desirability of an exit at either end …
feeling oddly remote , detached , luce walked through the various rooms as though on automatic pilot , weighing up the pros and cons : [ease of use] , what space was needed , how the lighting could be arranged , the desirability of an exit at either end …

This development is undoubtedly due to the greater accessibility that personal computers have brought to computing in terms of cost , ease of use and reduced dependence on others .
this development is undoubtedly due to the greater [ease of use] that personal computers have brought to computing in terms of cost , ease of use and reduced dependence on others .

Although the increased awareness , accessibility and use of information technology by historians has and continues to bring many substantive gains , the impact of technology on contemporary society will undoubtedly also bring a host of problems for the future study of history .
although the increased awareness , [ease of use] and use of information technology by historians has and continues to bring many substantive gains , the impact of technology on contemporary society will undoubtedly also bring a host of problems for the future study of history .

However , they are permitted to deviate from this if special geographic considerations ( for example , the size , shape , and accessibility of a constituency ) appear to render such a deviation desirable .
however , they are permitted to deviate from this if special geographic considerations ( for example , the size , shape , and [ease of use] of a constituency ) appear to render such a deviation desirable .

The potential of a possible-world approach to fiction is successfully demonstrated in a typology of genres based on the nature of the accessibility relations between the actual world and the worlds functioning as actual in the universes projected by different types of texts ( Chapter 2 ) .
the potential of a possible-world approach to fiction is successfully demonstrated in a typology of genres based on the nature of the [ease of use] relations between the actual world and the worlds functioning as actual in the universes projected by different types of texts ( chapter 2 ) .

She liked the cloakrooms and the lockers , the sense of institution , the rows and rows of washbowls and lavatories , the accessibility of the drinking fountains .
she liked the cloakrooms and the lockers , the sense of institution , the rows and rows of washbowls and lavatories , the [ease of use] of the drinking fountains .

At Berlin , the general theme is ‘ Artistic Exchange ’ , and the programme deals on the whole with much more concrete topics , aided by the new accessibility of many works of art since German reunification .
at berlin , the general theme is ‘ artistic exchange ’ , and the programme deals on the whole with much more concrete topics , aided by the new [ease of use] of many works of art since german reunification .

This explanation is concerned with the ’ accessibility ’ of the domain , i.e .
this explanation is concerned with the ’ [ease of use] ’ of the domain , i.e .

But its influence is attributable to more than its accessibility .
but its influence is attributable to more than its [ease of use] .

Compactness and accessibility
compactness and [ease of use]

distribution and accessibility
distribution and [ease of use]

Trends towards the centralization and bureaucratization of power , far from being accepted with resignation , generated an opposition which stressed the virtues of smallness , accessibility , openness and decentralization .
trends towards the centralization and bureaucratization of power , far from being accepted with resignation , generated an opposition which stressed the virtues of smallness , [ease of use] , openness and decentralization .

Graham Greene , in Panama a few years earlier , noticed a similar style of popular consultation and accessibility being used by General Omar Torrijos and his government , and suggested that the country " had evolved a very different form of democracy " from Britain 's , but one with its own validity .
graham greene , in panama a few years earlier , noticed a similar style of popular consultation and [ease of use] being used by general omar torrijos and his government , and suggested that the country " had evolved a very different form of democracy " from britain 's , but one with its own validity .

Accessibility and a readiness to listen are not , to be sure , incompatible with a fundamentally authoritarian structure of power and government .
[ease of use] and a readiness to listen are not , to be sure , incompatible with a fundamentally authoritarian structure of power and government .

However , the yield of metaphase plates of sufficient quality for cytogenetic study is determined by the accessibility and response of these divisions to established chromosome preparatory techniques .
however , the yield of metaphase plates of sufficient quality for cytogenetic study is determined by the [ease of use] and response of these divisions to established chromosome preparatory techniques .

During the 1960s these two sea-adventures were republished for young readers in Penguin 's Puffin division ; there was more confidence then than there seems to be in the eighties that the accessibility of Masefield 's story lines and his energetic prose would justify offering to capable readers in the early and mid-teens novels written for adults .
during the 1960s these two sea-adventures were republished for young readers in penguin 's puffin division ; there was more confidence then than there seems to be in the eighties that the [ease of use] of masefield 's story lines and his energetic prose would justify offering to capable readers in the early and mid-teens novels written for adults .

The organisation has categorised hotels and guest houses on a scale of 1–4 according to the level of accessibility for guests with mobility difficulties , category 1 offering the best access .
the organisation has categorised hotels and guest houses on a scale of 1–4 according to the level of [ease of use] for guests with mobility difficulties , category 1 offering the best access .

( establishments with considerable value in terms of accessibility for accompanied wheelchair users )
( establishments with considerable value in terms of [ease of use] for accompanied wheelchair users )

It follows research by the county council and the Essex Physically Handicapped Association which has led to many of the visitor attractions being graded for accessibility .
it follows research by the county council and the essex physically handicapped association which has led to many of the visitor attractions being graded for [ease of use] .

Because accessibility and mobility around the organisation are essential , ‘ you should go for the most generalist person you can get ’ , he said .
because [ease of use] and mobility around the organisation are essential , ‘ you should go for the most generalist person you can get ’ , he said .

Intimation of a Seminar for Community Centre Management Committee members to deal with a ) Other Cultures , b ) Accessibility of Community Centres to Black Groups .
intimation of a seminar for community centre management committee members to deal with a ) other cultures , b ) [ease of use] of community centres to black groups .

Resource accessibility .
resource [ease of use] .

Henley prides itself on the accessibility of its Faculty whose services extend well beyond the formal classroom environment .
henley prides itself on the [ease of use] of its faculty whose services extend well beyond the formal classroom environment .

Gregory knew he was writing in a rustic style , and he thought that this had certain advantages in terms of its accessibility to the intended audience .
gregory knew he was writing in a rustic style , and he thought that this had certain advantages in terms of its [ease of use] to the intended audience .

The object of this study is to examine the extent to which those living in rural areas face particular problems of access in relation to legal advice and information of both general and specialist nature . Do the inherent remoteness , lack of communications and generally weak social services in rural areas adversely affect the range and accessibility of legal services available ?
the object of this study is to examine the extent to which those living in rural areas face particular problems of access in relation to legal advice and information of both general and specialist nature . do the inherent remoteness , lack of communications and generally weak social services in rural areas adversely affect the range and [ease of use] of legal services available ?

Accessibility to employment in conurbations with applications to London 1971-81
[ease of use] to employment in conurbations with applications to london 1971-81

Recent research in the Transport Studies Group has shown how information available for transport planning in large cities can be used to measure accessibility to employment for different kinds of people with and without cars .
recent research in the transport studies group has shown how information available for transport planning in large cities can be used to measure [ease of use] to employment for different kinds of people with and without cars .

Changes in accessibility between 1971 and 1981 were compared with concurrent changes in employment .
changes in [ease of use] between 1971 and 1981 were compared with concurrent changes in employment .

These services share a common concern for the mobility and accessibility needs of a number of disadvantaged groups ( e.g. disabled people , elderly and infirm individuals , youth groups , those on low incomes ) .
these services share a common concern for the mobility and [ease of use] needs of a number of disadvantaged groups ( e.g. disabled people , elderly and infirm individuals , youth groups , those on low incomes ) .

The impact of the proposal on the Community would be that , by increasing the accessibility of our facilities , resources and scientific skills , we would hope to spread the high level of taxonomic expertise already here among a much wider range of the Community 's scientific manpower , whether in existing taxonomic institutions , or in laboratories dealing with plants as subjects for other research .
the impact of the proposal on the community would be that , by increasing the [ease of use] of our facilities , resources and scientific skills , we would hope to spread the high level of taxonomic expertise already here among a much wider range of the community 's scientific manpower , whether in existing taxonomic institutions , or in laboratories dealing with plants as subjects for other research .

These associated activities , together with the relative accessibility of this type of abstract work , can only help to break down some of the problems which non-figurative art poses for many spectators .
these associated activities , together with the relative [ease of use] of this type of abstract work , can only help to break down some of the problems which non-figurative art poses for many spectators .

Discussion of the best or most accessible vein is strikingly similar to embalmers ' discussions about arterial accessibility .
discussion of the best or most accessible vein is strikingly similar to embalmers ' discussions about arterial [ease of use] .

The system has also failed on grounds of accessibility .
the system has also failed on grounds of [ease of use] .

They are not even about the accessibility of services , and they are certainly not about the development of economic and social policies — something that is so often ignored in the scramble to fragment and disintegrate what was built up over the last century by local government people of all political persuasions .
they are not even about the [ease of use] of services , and they are certainly not about the development of economic and social policies — something that is so often ignored in the scramble to fragment and disintegrate what was built up over the last century by local government people of all political persuasions .

3 All locations are endowed with a degree of accessibility , but some locations are more accessible than others .
3 all locations are endowed with a degree of [ease of use] , but some locations are more accessible than others .

Accessibility is difficult to define , but a place is clearly located in relation to systems of land usage , relationship to other places and methods of transport .
[ease of use] is difficult to define , but a place is clearly located in relation to systems of land usage , relationship to other places and methods of transport .

The student will be able to assess the tourist qualities of a destination , including accessibility , amenities and attractions , and its suitability for various client types .
the student will be able to assess the tourist qualities of a destination , including [ease of use] , amenities and attractions , and its suitability for various client types .

Then , the arguments concerning accessibility , formality , time and expense would have been , to some extent , less valid .
then , the arguments concerning [ease of use] , formality , time and expense would have been , to some extent , less valid .

At the same time , this reduces accessibility and may be less acceptable to consumers , who would prefer more local services .
at the same time , this reduces [ease of use] and may be less acceptable to consumers , who would prefer more local services .

The quality and accessibility of materials have to be high if this approach is to succeed and no organisational barriers are placed in the way of learning .
the quality and [ease of use] of materials have to be high if this approach is to succeed and no organisational barriers are placed in the way of learning .

This is due to a variety of circumstances ranging from accessibility and remoteness of locations and their suitability for women to local legislation in some countries which prohibits the employment of women either completely or in certain types of jobs .
this is due to a variety of circumstances ranging from [ease of use] and remoteness of locations and their suitability for women to local legislation in some countries which prohibits the employment of women either completely or in certain types of jobs .

This is most evident in the data on mortality due to obstetric causes , which reflects among other things the quality and accessibility of prenatal care and the conditions surrounding care attending delivery .
this is most evident in the data on mortality due to obstetric causes , which reflects among other things the quality and [ease of use] of prenatal care and the conditions surrounding care attending delivery .

The real problem is one of distribution and accessibility for the poor .
the real problem is one of distribution and [ease of use] for the poor .

Accessibility may improve when the tumour grows towards the oesophageal lumen , but matters become more complicated when growth is primarily directed in the opposite direction , towards the surface .
[ease of use] may improve when the tumour grows towards the oesophageal lumen , but matters become more complicated when growth is primarily directed in the opposite direction , towards the surface .

The amount of information per stage can be expanded at any desired rate while preserving the hierarchical presentation in levels of detail , combining accessibility and clarity .
the amount of information per stage can be expanded at any desired rate while preserving the hierarchical presentation in levels of detail , combining [ease of use] and clarity .

These divisions influence all considerations in choosing your venue : accessibility , flexibility and presentational potential , facilities , crowd flow and that indefinable something — ‘ charisma ’ .
these divisions influence all considerations in choosing your venue : [ease of use] , flexibility and presentational potential , facilities , crowd flow and that indefinable something — ‘ charisma ’ .

Accessibility is not so important with the small , closed conferences because the participants are usually either highly motivated in the first place ( because of specialist interest or commitment ) or their employers require them to go or at least agree that they should .
[ease of use] is not so important with the small , closed conferences because the participants are usually either highly motivated in the first place ( because of specialist interest or commitment ) or their employers require them to go or at least agree that they should .

Also remember that accessibility considerations apply to the media if you want to attract them .
also remember that [ease of use] considerations apply to the media if you want to attract them .

One fact makes the German raid theory plausible — the accessibility of Bawdsey Manor .
one fact makes the german raid theory plausible — the [ease of use] of bawdsey manor .

We will require local authorities to define minimum standards of accessibility in their areas and draw up transport plans which meet them .
we will require local authorities to define minimum standards of [ease of use] in their areas and draw up transport plans which meet them .

All are concerned with practical issues such as the accessibility of the union to those who are coming into the profession and the need to find sensible ways of selecting actors for parts .
all are concerned with practical issues such as the [ease of use] of the union to those who are coming into the profession and the need to find sensible ways of selecting actors for parts .

Accessibility for the people of Ealing
[ease of use] for the people of ealing

He had previously written a journalistic piece about the killings , in which De Freitas figured as shabby and contemptible , and Gail Benson as a silly upper-class woman whose accessibility to the knife might almost have been construed as a last desperate act of Sixties modishness : an antic exported from Swinging London .
he had previously written a journalistic piece about the killings , in which de freitas figured as shabby and contemptible , and gail benson as a silly upper-class woman whose [ease of use] to the knife might almost have been construed as a last desperate act of sixties modishness : an antic exported from swinging london .

He made easy copy and journalists loved his accessibility .
he made easy copy and journalists loved his [ease of use] .

Marr was readily eager to prove his accessibility .
marr was readily eager to prove his [ease of use] .

Equally , you ca n't expect a workable accessibility .
equally , you ca n't expect a workable [ease of use] .

Their appeal in the past was partly attributable to the popular texture of some aspects of the writing , its accessibility and its festive and irreverent politics .
their appeal in the past was partly attributable to the popular texture of some aspects of the writing , its [ease of use] and its festive and irreverent politics .

The next part of the discussion moves away from research institutions to farmers and pastoralists themselves , and concerns the accessibility of new agricultural technology to these people .
the next part of the discussion moves away from research institutions to farmers and pastoralists themselves , and concerns the [ease of use] of new agricultural technology to these people .

The feeling of privacy , yet easy public accessibility of the hospice , is accomplished in such a way that it does not distort the fabric of the city .
the feeling of privacy , yet easy public [ease of use] of the hospice , is accomplished in such a way that it does not distort the fabric of the city .

accessibility ?
[ease of use] ?

Considerable stress is laid on the accessibility and approachability of the landlord organisations , especially given that most tenants stated a preference to speak rather than write to housing staff about their problems .
considerable stress is laid on the [ease of use] and approachability of the landlord organisations , especially given that most tenants stated a preference to speak rather than write to housing staff about their problems .

They must take fully into account the availability of and needs of informal carers , and the adequacy and accessibility of the home environment .
they must take fully into account the availability of and needs of informal carers , and the adequacy and [ease of use] of the home environment .

The policy will attract forestry investment to the areas most suitable in climate , soils , accessibility , land price and availability which were unconstrained by conservation issues .
the policy will attract forestry investment to the areas most suitable in climate , soils , [ease of use] , land price and availability which were unconstrained by conservation issues .

The accessibility and helpfulness of formal services ( such as health care , financial assistance and housing advice ) also make a difference .
the [ease of use] and helpfulness of formal services ( such as health care , financial assistance and housing advice ) also make a difference .

There are other barriers to be overcome , however , in terms of the purchase and accessibility of certain products .
there are other barriers to be overcome , however , in terms of the purchase and [ease of use] of certain products .

Finally , on the subject of accessibility , stock is used more frequently if kept on open rather than closed access , because of the importance to users of browsing as a method of locating material ( see Goodall 's book for a summary of recent literature on the beguiling topic of browsing ) .
finally , on the subject of [ease of use] , stock is used more frequently if kept on open rather than closed access , because of the importance to users of browsing as a method of locating material ( see goodall 's book for a summary of recent literature on the beguiling topic of browsing ) .

In this connection McClellan has written that the librarian does not reject books , but places them on a ‘ scale of accessibility ’ .
in this connection mcclellan has written that the librarian does not reject books , but places them on a ‘ scale of [ease of use] ’ .

The Employment Appeal Tribunal has expressed the view that any other approach would tend to defeat the system 's objectives of speed , informality and accessibility .
the employment appeal tribunal has expressed the view that any other approach would tend to defeat the system 's objectives of speed , informality and [ease of use] .

This scheme has similarities with Compacts , which concentrate however , mostly on the pre-16 phase , and with the various pilots for post-16 vouchers , and the simplicity and accessibility of the scheme make it particularly attractive .
this scheme has similarities with compacts , which concentrate however , mostly on the pre-16 phase , and with the various pilots for post-16 vouchers , and the simplicity and [ease of use] of the scheme make it particularly attractive .

However , one set of mappings may predominate over others , thus producing a bias in the availability or accessibility of plural or singular referents .
however , one set of mappings may predominate over others , thus producing a bias in the availability or [ease of use] of plural or singular referents .

furthermore , changes in the weather affect the accessibility of crops , so farmers often have to spray ‘ when they can ’ .
furthermore , changes in the weather affect the [ease of use] of crops , so farmers often have to spray ‘ when they can ’ .

Or , though the process or institution may be , so to speak , on the doorstep , its accessibility may be limited : what goes on inside a defence research establishment or a Masonic Lodge are obvious examples .
or , though the process or institution may be , so to speak , on the doorstep , its [ease of use] may be limited : what goes on inside a defence research establishment or a masonic lodge are obvious examples .

Indeed , the tradition of personal contact between the Council and the public , the accessibility of local government officials , and the identifiable nature of the officials and councillors involved , gave the whole thing a highly personal tone to the point where some of the wider issues were obscured , or else never raised in the first place .
indeed , the tradition of personal contact between the council and the public , the [ease of use] of local government officials , and the identifiable nature of the officials and councillors involved , gave the whole thing a highly personal tone to the point where some of the wider issues were obscured , or else never raised in the first place .

In crude terms improvements in accessibility brought about by the Channel Tunnel will reduce transport costs and thus make remoter regions more competitive .
in crude terms improvements in [ease of use] brought about by the channel tunnel will reduce transport costs and thus make remoter regions more competitive .

Now the Countryside Commission has published a consultative document on the issue of rural awareness and accessibility , its main aim being to increase the choices for visitors to country hotspots .
now the countryside commission has published a consultative document on the issue of rural awareness and [ease of use] , its main aim being to increase the choices for visitors to country hotspots .

‘ The ride quality stretches your patience and the gearbox is sticky in first and reverse , but it has enough power , and boot space , accessibility and the driving position all score highly .
‘ the ride quality stretches your patience and the gearbox is sticky in first and reverse , but it has enough power , and boot space , [ease of use] and the driving position all score highly .

1 ) holds a special place in biomaterial research because of its ready accessibility and the deceptive complexity of tears .
1 ) holds a special place in biomaterial research because of its ready [ease of use] and the deceptive complexity of tears .

Contact lens work , and the ready accessibility of the eye can also help to study the early stages of the interaction of biological components with synthetic materials .
contact lens work , and the ready [ease of use] of the eye can also help to study the early stages of the interaction of biological components with synthetic materials .

Transport Studies : Transport systems planning and evaluation ; Development and application of expert systems in multi-modal transport ; Vehicle routing and navigation ; Discrete event studies within multi-modal transport ; Cost benefit analysis particularly in conjunction with road transport ; Cellular radio and freight distribution ; Integration of para-transit and public transport ; Community and public transport for the handicapped and elderly ; Socio-economic evaluation of road proposals ; Transport network analysis with respect to the Channel Tunnel ; Peripherality and the Single European Market ; Rural and urban accessibility studies of public transport ; Freight origin/destination patterns ; Modern urban transport technology assessment studies ; Co-ordinated public transport planning ; Personal mobility with particular emphasis on disabled people .
transport studies : transport systems planning and evaluation ; development and application of expert systems in multi-modal transport ; vehicle routing and navigation ; discrete event studies within multi-modal transport ; cost benefit analysis particularly in conjunction with road transport ; cellular radio and freight distribution ; integration of para-transit and public transport ; community and public transport for the handicapped and elderly ; socio-economic evaluation of road proposals ; transport network analysis with respect to the channel tunnel ; peripherality and the single european market ; rural and urban [ease of use] studies of public transport ; freight origin/destination patterns ; modern urban transport technology assessment studies ; co-ordinated public transport planning ; personal mobility with particular emphasis on disabled people .

Freed from having to try to learn about the intimate details of the businesses they are serving , librarians and information scientists can then direct their energies to trying to improve the general accessibility and availability of publicly available information of relevance to business activity .
freed from having to try to learn about the intimate details of the businesses they are serving , librarians and information scientists can then direct their energies to trying to improve the general [ease of use] and availability of publicly available information of relevance to business activity .

Physical Accessibility
physical [ease of use]

On improving accessibility , we need to produce more and better tools which not only say what is available in theory relevant to a particular area , but how it can be consulted in practice .
on improving [ease of use] , we need to produce more and better tools which not only say what is available in theory relevant to a particular area , but how it can be consulted in practice .

Their beauty and accessibility ( being only a short drive from Ambleside ) make them a must for all visitors .
their beauty and [ease of use] ( being only a short drive from ambleside ) make them a must for all visitors .

Both suits arose after Legal Aid of Western Missouri sent trained inspectors , acting as prospective renters , to check on the accessibility of apartment complexes in the area .
both suits arose after legal aid of western missouri sent trained inspectors , acting as prospective renters , to check on the [ease of use] of apartment complexes in the area .

The lawsuit over Ridgeview and Indian Meadows alleges numerous violations of the accessibility requirements of the Fair Housing Act , which requires that multifamily housing built since 1991 be accessible to people with disabilities .
the lawsuit over ridgeview and indian meadows alleges numerous violations of the [ease of use] requirements of the fair housing act , which requires that multifamily housing built since 1991 be accessible to people with disabilities .

The agency takes credit for `` abolition of debtors ' prison , the right to due process and a fair hearing , the first successful employment-discrimination lawsuits , improved housing codes and accessibility for people with disabilities . ''
the agency takes credit for `` abolition of debtors ' prison , the right to due process and a fair hearing , the first successful employment-discrimination lawsuits , improved housing codes and [ease of use] for people with disabilities . ''

Traditionally , hardcopy documents have been retained at the certifying or payment officer 's location for ease in accessibility .
traditionally , hardcopy documents have been retained at the certifying or payment officer 's location for ease in [ease of use] .

The mission of the Illinois Equal Justice Project included : protecting the integrity and accessibility of the legal system for all Illinois residents ; educating individuals , families and groups about the self-help process within the judicial system ; and promoting costeffective legal services for low income individuals and families .
the mission of the illinois equal justice project included : protecting the integrity and [ease of use] of the legal system for all illinois residents ; educating individuals , families and groups about the self-help process within the judicial system ; and promoting costeffective legal services for low income individuals and families .

The Administrator must specify requirements for any alternative monitoring system shown to provide information with the same precision , reliability , accessibility , and timeliness as that provided by CEMS .
the administrator must specify requirements for any alternative monitoring system shown to provide information with the same precision , reliability , [ease of use] , and timeliness as that provided by cems .

We present a novel spatial mathematical model of treatment accessibility that we use in conjunction with an equity objective function to determine an optimal equitable allocation strategy ( OEAS ) for ARVs in a resource-constrained region .
we present a novel spatial mathematical model of treatment [ease of use] that we use in conjunction with an equity objective function to determine an optimal equitable allocation strategy ( oeas ) for arvs in a resource-constrained region .

Hence , this spatial distribution of HCFs produces large heterogeneity in accessibility to treatment .
hence , this spatial distribution of hcfs produces large heterogeneity in [ease of use] to treatment .

We explicitly consider heterogeneity in treatment accessibility in our analysis of ARV allocation strategies .
we explicitly consider heterogeneity in treatment [ease of use] in our analysis of arv allocation strategies .

We have developed a novel spatial mathematical model of treatment accessibility that we use to determine an OEAS for ARVs in a resource-constrained region .
we have developed a novel spatial mathematical model of treatment [ease of use] that we use to determine an oeas for arvs in a resource-constrained region .

By including a weighting function we explicitly model heterogeneity in accessibility to treatment based on distance from the HCF .
by including a weighting function we explicitly model heterogeneity in [ease of use] to treatment based on distance from the hcf .

Methods Calculating Demand and Treatment Access We assume that the number of people with HIV who will travel to a specific HCF is directly proportional to the number of individuals with HIV in that particular community , but that the probability of an individual traveling to receive ARVs ( i.e. , the treatment accessibility ) decreases with distance from the HCF .
methods calculating demand and treatment access we assume that the number of people with hiv who will travel to a specific hcf is directly proportional to the number of individuals with hiv in that particular community , but that the probability of an individual traveling to receive arvs ( i.e. , the treatment [ease of use] ) decreases with distance from the hcf .

We define d i , j as the distance from community i to HCF j , f ( d i , j ) as a weighting function that determines the treatment accessibility to a HCF based upon distance d i , j , and I i as the number of people with HIV in community i .
we define d i , j as the distance from community i to hcf j , f ( d i , j ) as a weighting function that determines the treatment [ease of use] to a hcf based upon distance d i , j , and i i as the number of people with hiv in community i .

Thus , demand on HCFs for ARVs is reduced by the treatment accessibility function .
thus , demand on hcfs for arvs is reduced by the treatment [ease of use] function .

Our model is conceptually similar to the “ gravity ” models that have been used to predict retail travel [ 18 ] , plan land use [ 19 ] , and determine accessibility of primary care [ 20 ] .
our model is conceptually similar to the “ gravity ” models that have been used to predict retail travel [ 18 ] , plan land use [ 19 ] , and determine [ease of use] of primary care [ 20 ] .

We use a Gaussian to model treatment accessibility , f ( d ) = exp ( − kd 2 ) , where k is a dispersal length scale parameter determining the radius of the catchment region .
we use a gaussian to model treatment [ease of use] , f ( d ) = exp ( − kd 2 ) , where k is a dispersal length scale parameter determining the radius of the catchment region .

Our OEAS , while not perfect , achieves the best equality possible given the accessibility constraints and limited ARV supply .
our oeas , while not perfect , achieves the best equality possible given the [ease of use] constraints and limited arv supply .

Therefore , increasing the number of HCFs available for an ARV rollout is effective in significantly increasing equality in treatment accessibility as shown in Figure 4 .
therefore , increasing the number of hcfs available for an arv rollout is effective in significantly increasing equality in treatment [ease of use] as shown in figure 4 .

We suggest that allocating ARVs to HCFs to achieve equality in accessibility could be carried out , and then individual-level ethical considerations could be thought out at the next level of deliberation .
we suggest that allocating arvs to hcfs to achieve equality in [ease of use] could be carried out , and then individual-level ethical considerations could be thought out at the next level of deliberation .

Authors ' Rights and Users ' Rights One implication of the variety of copyright licenses now widely available is that the right to use an article in one way or another is largely independent of its accessibility online .
authors ' rights and users ' rights one implication of the variety of copyright licenses now widely available is that the right to use an article in one way or another is largely independent of its [ease of use] online .

The CCAL also ensures that institutions are permitted to archive not only articles written by their own faculty , but all other works published under the same legal terms as well , thereby facilitating their permanent accessibility and preservation .
the ccal also ensures that institutions are permitted to archive not only articles written by their own faculty , but all other works published under the same legal terms as well , thereby facilitating their permanent [ease of use] and preservation .

By contrast , ATP would likely not depend on the accessibility of the same hydrophobic cavity and is therefore probably not affected by the incorporation of a bulky methionine side chain [ 25 ] .
by contrast , atp would likely not depend on the [ease of use] of the same hydrophobic cavity and is therefore probably not affected by the incorporation of a bulky methionine side chain [ 25 ] .

Key points : the accessibility of the aesthetic debate ; the hilarious banter ; and the Seinfeld -like characters , especially that of an egomaniac ( played by Alan Alda ) .
key points : the [ease of use] of the aesthetic debate ; the hilarious banter ; and the seinfeld -like characters , especially that of an egomaniac ( played by alan alda ) .

I especially appreciate Professor Landsburg 's accessibility .
i especially appreciate professor landsburg 's [ease of use] .

By giving Roy the prize , the committee has confirmed the darkest suspicions of its critics : Yes , it 's sold out quality literature for pop accessibility .
by giving roy the prize , the committee has confirmed the darkest suspicions of its critics : yes , it 's sold out quality literature for pop [ease of use] .

The general trend dates back at least to the invention of gunpowder : As technology advances , the growing power , compactness , and accessibility of lethal technologies mean that more people in more lands have the option of committing atrocities of greater and greater severity .
the general trend dates back at least to the invention of gunpowder : as technology advances , the growing power , compactness , and [ease of use] of lethal technologies mean that more people in more lands have the option of committing atrocities of greater and greater severity .

How is accessibility reduced ?
how is [ease of use] reduced ?

We ultimately declined this opportunity , reasoning that we could not honestly maintain that publication in Britain was merely `` incidental , '' since the instant worldwide accessibility of Slate was , in fact , the whole point .
we ultimately declined this opportunity , reasoning that we could not honestly maintain that publication in britain was merely `` incidental , '' since the instant worldwide [ease of use] of slate was , in fact , the whole point .

Charismatic personalities combine transcendent beauty , glamour , or talent with accessibility , providing a way in for people eager to identify with a higher being .
charismatic personalities combine transcendent beauty , glamour , or talent with [ease of use] , providing a way in for people eager to identify with a higher being .

The Arts section of the NYT reports on the debate over the accessibility of academic writing , which has been stoked by an Edward Said 's article denouncing abstruse writing .
the arts section of the nyt reports on the debate over the [ease of use] of academic writing , which has been stoked by an edward said 's article denouncing abstruse writing .

The 1935 edition of the four-volume Tolkovyi Slovar ' Russkogo Yazyka ( ` Explanatory Dictionary of the Russian Language ' ) defines glasnost ' as : “ Accessibility to public discussion and evaluation ; publicity. ” I can think of no single English word that quite corresponds to this definition .
the 1935 edition of the four-volume tolkovyi slovar ' russkogo yazyka ( ` explanatory dictionary of the russian language ' ) defines glasnost ' as : “ [ease of use] to public discussion and evaluation ; publicity. ” i can think of no single english word that quite corresponds to this definition .

