When a gesture accompanies who's he ? ?
when a gesture [comes with] who's he ? ?

and he 's having a punch up with his brother and he keeps letting his brother hit him he 's got this holographic image he , who accompanies him with this fucking computer , and working out what 's going on why they 're there sort of thing cos he goes back in into to different times to to help these people out
and he 's having a punch up with his brother and he keeps letting his brother hit him he 's got this holographic image he , who [comes with] him with this fucking computer , and working out what 's going on why they 're there sort of thing cos he goes back in into to different times to to help these people out

It is pleasant to record that the joy which accompanies any triggering of that very special memory for the spectating classes is reflected in McGeechan 's own private storehouse of matchless moments .
it is pleasant to record that the joy which [comes with] any triggering of that very special memory for the spectating classes is reflected in mcgeechan 's own private storehouse of matchless moments .

Second , the political bargaining that accompanies the definition of state enterprise objectives provides opportunities for alliances between groups within the state and outside it .
second , the political bargaining that [comes with] the definition of state enterprise objectives provides opportunities for alliances between groups within the state and outside it .

The call-slip , which is in duplicate , is then transmitted to the shelf where the item is located , and its top copy is left on the shelf , while its second copy accompanies the requested item to the Reading ( or to the South Reading Room via the Reading Room ) .
the call-slip , which is in duplicate , is then transmitted to the shelf where the item is located , and its top copy is left on the shelf , while its second copy [comes with] the requested item to the reading ( or to the south reading room via the reading room ) .

The boom was accompanies by the formation of eight new colleges and a rapid growth of student numbers to a peak of 11,000 in 1970 .
the boom was [comes with] by the formation of eight new colleges and a rapid growth of student numbers to a peak of 11,000 in 1970 .

But what about self-defence or the shaking and pushing that accompanies the control of an unruly mob ?
but what about self-defence or the shaking and pushing that [comes with] the control of an unruly mob ?

The Reiksguard is barracked in the comparative comfort of Altdorf , and accompanies the Emperor on campaign and during diplomatic tours throughout the Empire .
the reiksguard is barracked in the comparative comfort of altdorf , and [comes with] the emperor on campaign and during diplomatic tours throughout the empire .

When the Theogonist accompanies the Empire army into battle he rides on the mobile War Altar of Sigmar , a huge chariot which carries the sacred altar surmounted by a huge statue of a griffon .
when the theogonist [comes with] the empire army into battle he rides on the mobile war altar of sigmar , a huge chariot which carries the sacred altar surmounted by a huge statue of a griffon .

SunSoft accompanies Solaris x86 with Solaris Live ! multimedia technologies and tools
sunsoft [comes with] solaris x86 with solaris live ! multimedia technologies and tools

When she accompanies him to Palm Beach , he drops all his girlfriends , goes to church and prays , and becomes the model husband .
when she [comes with] him to palm beach , he drops all his girlfriends , goes to church and prays , and becomes the model husband .

The night was slashed with alternate blue and then white light , and the street hung in that eerie awesome silence which accompanies the sudden stop of alarm bells .
the night was slashed with alternate blue and then white light , and the street hung in that eerie awesome silence which [comes with] the sudden stop of alarm bells .

Normally a mouth organ or a piano accordion accompanies the music and plays the melody .
normally a mouth organ or a piano accordion [comes with] the music and plays the melody .

The real issue here is not size per se but the degree of monopoly power and possible operating inefficiency which accompanies size .
the real issue here is not size per se but the degree of monopoly power and possible operating inefficiency which [comes with] size .

Reading the label or instruction leaflet which accompanies your skin cream can sometimes seem like trying to understand a foreign language . Here are the key words you may come across and what they mean …
reading the label or instruction leaflet which [comes with] your skin cream can sometimes seem like trying to understand a foreign language . here are the key words you may come across and what they mean …

The lady accompanies him back to the Alps , to wait and worry as he and his partner , Hansi Kirchner , set off up the virgin North Face of Versücherin .
the lady [comes with] him back to the alps , to wait and worry as he and his partner , hansi kirchner , set off up the virgin north face of versücherin .

If the lavatory is inaccessible , down a corridor , or dark and cold , the child may be reluctant to use it but if the parent accompanies the child and waits , he or she can gradually learn confidence .
if the lavatory is inaccessible , down a corridor , or dark and cold , the child may be reluctant to use it but if the parent [comes with] the child and waits , he or she can gradually learn confidence .

First it introduced the need for the objective definition of problem behaviour — that is , the specification of observable and recordable behaviour independent of the subjective information that frequently accompanies it .
first it introduced the need for the objective definition of problem behaviour — that is , the specification of observable and recordable behaviour independent of the subjective information that frequently [comes with] it .

There now ensues the nagging doubt that so often accompanies the crux of the climb ; it 's all very well getting this far , but until those crucial moves are made it could all still come to nought .
there now ensues the nagging doubt that so often [comes with] the crux of the climb ; it 's all very well getting this far , but until those crucial moves are made it could all still come to nought .

For Adorno and Horkheimer science becomes ideological because of the change in the relationship between humans and nature that accompanies it .
for adorno and horkheimer science becomes ideological because of the change in the relationship between humans and nature that [comes with] it .

Blood relatives in some sense are bound together by genetic material , but relations by marriage are bound together by law and a code of conduct which accompanies this ( Schneider , 1968 ) .
blood relatives in some sense are bound together by genetic material , but relations by marriage are bound together by law and a code of conduct which [comes with] this ( schneider , 1968 ) .

This , it is now clear , was the motive behind the nota praevia which accompanies Lumen Gentium ( Abbott , pp .
this , it is now clear , was the motive behind the nota praevia which [comes with] lumen gentium ( abbott , pp .

But is not understanding music , poetry , an experience that accompanies the hearing ? ( 155–88 )
but is not understanding music , poetry , an experience that [comes with] the hearing ? ( 155–88 )

So , with music and poetry , as with ‘ the language of information ’ ( 160 ) , ‘ it is wrong to call understanding a process that accompanies hearing ’ ( 163 ) .
so , with music and poetry , as with ‘ the language of information ’ ( 160 ) , ‘ it is wrong to call understanding a process that [comes with] hearing ’ ( 163 ) .

Daumier Drawings by Colta Ives , Margret Stuffmann and Martin Sonnabend ( £50 , $ 65 ) includes the rarer and less known drawings and watercolours , and accompanies an exhibition projected for the Metropolitan Museum of Art from February to May 1993 .
daumier drawings by colta ives , margret stuffmann and martin sonnabend ( £50 , $ 65 ) includes the rarer and less known drawings and watercolours , and [comes with] an exhibition projected for the metropolitan museum of art from february to may 1993 .

The last accompanies an exhibition at the Accademia Italiana in London ( 8 January to 7 February 1993 ) and completely documents Ruskin 's seven Tuscan visits made between 1840 and 1882 .
the last [comes with] an exhibition at the accademia italiana in london ( 8 january to 7 february 1993 ) and completely documents ruskin 's seven tuscan visits made between 1840 and 1882 .

Often an earlier youngster accompanies the pair and may even play with its sibling .
often an earlier youngster [comes with] the pair and may even play with its sibling .

He insists on a quick hug from his young son Jordi who accompanies him to some of the major events where Courier plays .
he insists on a quick hug from his young son jordi who [comes with] him to some of the major events where courier plays .

The telling of the story is an inescapable mandate for the whole Church ; word accompanies deed as the kingdom throws its light ahead of its arrival and men and women seek to live in that light .
the telling of the story is an inescapable mandate for the whole church ; word [comes with] deed as the kingdom throws its light ahead of its arrival and men and women seek to live in that light .

The plotting which accompanies the skill of weaving is actually carried out in advance .
the plotting which [comes with] the skill of weaving is actually carried out in advance .

‘ That it is Joan de Warenne rather than the lady Anne who accompanies you to the Tower , must be a close-kept secret , ’ Elizabeth Woodville told him , her mind working rapidly .
‘ that it is joan de warenne rather than the lady anne who [comes with] you to the tower , must be a close-kept secret , ’ elizabeth woodville told him , her mind working rapidly .

On the contrary his heart may be gladdened by the new and heady sense of actuality that accompanies this type of study .
on the contrary his heart may be gladdened by the new and heady sense of actuality that [comes with] this type of study .

Nystagmus ( spasmodic oscillation of the eye ) , for example , may present on its own , but sometimes accompanies visual defects that cause problems with focusing .
nystagmus ( spasmodic oscillation of the eye ) , for example , may present on its own , but sometimes [comes with] visual defects that cause problems with focusing .

However , the Kolestral Super text is a leaflet which accompanies a hair conditioner , the sort of product which is predominantly used by women rather than men .
however , the kolestral super text is a leaflet which [comes with] a hair conditioner , the sort of product which is predominantly used by women rather than men .

Here is another example of marked information structure , this time from an advertising leaflet which accompanies a range of cosmetic products by Estée Lauder .
here is another example of marked information structure , this time from an advertising leaflet which [comes with] a range of cosmetic products by estée lauder .

This beginning of monumental sculpture in Greece accompanies a revival of monumental architecture and apparently also of painting .
this beginning of monumental sculpture in greece [comes with] a revival of monumental architecture and apparently also of painting .

‘ He usually accompanies visitors .
‘ he usually [comes with] visitors .

Inherent in this willingness is the assumption that occasional failures will be experienced and will be accepted as a normal part of the learning process that accompanies change .
inherent in this willingness is the assumption that occasional failures will be experienced and will be accepted as a normal part of the learning process that [comes with] change .

Like the previous framework , regulationist theories analyse industrial change both in terms of the strongly international driving force behind it , and in terms of the social and organizational restructuring that accompanies technical change and innovation .
like the previous framework , regulationist theories analyse industrial change both in terms of the strongly international driving force behind it , and in terms of the social and organizational restructuring that [comes with] technical change and innovation .

Commentary of this kind is usually very carefully and skilfully scripted to match the pictures it accompanies .
commentary of this kind is usually very carefully and skilfully scripted to match the pictures it [comes with] .

One gesture — indicating the chair — supplements the language it accompanies ; the other — the handshake — is a social convention .
one gesture — indicating the chair — supplements the language it [comes with] ; the other — the handshake — is a social convention .

In the 1850s and 1860s , however , just as the domestic tranquillity which accompanies prosperity was achieved , the first significant blows to Britain 's `` power of prestige `` were struck .
in the 1850s and 1860s , however , just as the domestic tranquillity which [comes with] prosperity was achieved , the first significant blows to britain 's `` power of prestige `` were struck .

Order is maintained by the inviolability of the hard core of a programme and by the positive heuristic that accompanies it .
order is maintained by the inviolability of the hard core of a programme and by the positive heuristic that [comes with] it .

Accompanies a 16-part Channel 4 series .
[comes with] a 16-part channel 4 series .

Its significance is symbolic ; it represents a tangible token of the consensual nature governing the pupil 's attendance and in so doing attempts to counter the punitive and coercive meaning which accompanies referral .
its significance is symbolic ; it represents a tangible token of the consensual nature governing the pupil 's attendance and in so doing attempts to counter the punitive and coercive meaning which [comes with] referral .

If we find changes in protein synthesis , say , in a correlative experiment , how can we be sure that such changed synthesis is not the consequence of these expressed behaviours rather than the learning which we presume accompanies them ?
if we find changes in protein synthesis , say , in a correlative experiment , how can we be sure that such changed synthesis is not the consequence of these expressed behaviours rather than the learning which we presume [comes with] them ?

Her skin was the colour of thick , pale cream of the kind that often accompanies that particular shade of dark red hair .
her skin was the colour of thick , pale cream of the kind that often [comes with] that particular shade of dark red hair .

His face was without the offensively avuncular smile that usually accompanies such trite statements ; and something intent about the look he gave me made it clear he did not mean it tritely .
his face was without the offensively avuncular smile that usually [comes with] such trite statements ; and something intent about the look he gave me made it clear he did not mean it tritely .

An increased consciousness of conceptual systems as necessary fictions accompanies a growing awareness of the conventions of narrative .
an increased consciousness of conceptual systems as necessary fictions [comes with] a growing awareness of the conventions of narrative .

Birdsfoot trefoil accompanies blackberries and there are no less than three colours of clover , the usual white , the less common pink and a much less frequently seen deep magenta variety adding a splash of summer colour .
birdsfoot trefoil [comes with] blackberries and there are no less than three colours of clover , the usual white , the less common pink and a much less frequently seen deep magenta variety adding a splash of summer colour .

His signature in the manuscripts accompanies a depiction of a tonsured figure who does not wear the habit of any religious order .
his signature in the manuscripts [comes with] a depiction of a tonsured figure who does not wear the habit of any religious order .

In general , one notable but not fully comprehensive style ( or two or more styles which do not correspond ) is in evidence : another , `` indefinite `` style accompanies the individual — such as one might expect with the work of a mosaicist and a number of helpers .
in general , one notable but not fully comprehensive style ( or two or more styles which do not correspond ) is in evidence : another , `` indefinite `` style [comes with] the individual — such as one might expect with the work of a mosaicist and a number of helpers .

Though if he took his own life , as everyone has always supposed , and as we are still likely to be supposing after the present rumours have been scotched — if the balance of his mind was disturbed , that curious disruption which accompanies a man 's election to end his life , but never any other procedure , no matter how eccentric or irrational — then reasons are not to be looked for .
though if he took his own life , as everyone has always supposed , and as we are still likely to be supposing after the present rumours have been scotched — if the balance of his mind was disturbed , that curious disruption which [comes with] a man 's election to end his life , but never any other procedure , no matter how eccentric or irrational — then reasons are not to be looked for .

The livret does not say whether the oboes in the first entrée are the same performers as the harmonie rustique that accompanies the récit , but for reasons having to do with economy of personnel and continuity in the staging , it seems likely that they were .
the livret does not say whether the oboes in the first entrée are the same performers as the harmonie rustique that [comes with] the récit , but for reasons having to do with economy of personnel and continuity in the staging , it seems likely that they were .

Early explanations of frost weathering alighted on the simple and seemingly obvious effect of the 9 per cent volume expansion which accompanies the phase change from water to ice .
early explanations of frost weathering alighted on the simple and seemingly obvious effect of the 9 per cent volume expansion which [comes with] the phase change from water to ice .

The study shows that although large amounts of hydrogen chloride are released during some volcanic eruptions , this is effectively washed out in the rain that invariably accompanies an eruption .
the study shows that although large amounts of hydrogen chloride are released during some volcanic eruptions , this is effectively washed out in the rain that invariably [comes with] an eruption .

— Obligations imposed on the vassal ( 3–17 ) , accompanies by " blessings " ( e.g. 6 , 12b ) and " cursings " ( 5,7b ) .
— obligations imposed on the vassal ( 3–17 ) , [comes with] by " blessings " ( e.g. 6 , 12b ) and " cursings " ( 5,7b ) .

This harmony might be expressed as an offering which accompanies a vow of some kind ( Leviticus 22:21 ) , or as a thank-offering ( Leviticus 22:29 ) or free-will offering ( Leviticus 22:21 ) .
this harmony might be expressed as an offering which [comes with] a vow of some kind ( leviticus 22:21 ) , or as a thank-offering ( leviticus 22:29 ) or free-will offering ( leviticus 22:21 ) .

Ireland was already there with its litany of laments , not thinly preserved , like the cultural echo that accompanies some exiles and émigrés into a new country where time will absorb the native generation 's traces of foreign identity and dispel them .
ireland was already there with its litany of laments , not thinly preserved , like the cultural echo that [comes with] some exiles and émigrés into a new country where time will absorb the native generation 's traces of foreign identity and dispel them .

This was of a different order from my imaginings about the Chinese communists , arch villains whose evil doings were retailed to us in the classroom with the same ferocious didacticism that accompanies the telling of a lurid fairy tale and enhances its horrifying fascination .
this was of a different order from my imaginings about the chinese communists , arch villains whose evil doings were retailed to us in the classroom with the same ferocious didacticism that [comes with] the telling of a lurid fairy tale and enhances its horrifying fascination .

Rhythmic parallelism accompanies the parallelism of grammar .
rhythmic parallelism [comes with] the parallelism of grammar .

Music accompanies her steps , her features , her gestures .
music [comes with] her steps , her features , her gestures .

Whether or not this happened to any extent in Britain we can not know , but any hint of it would undoubtedly have started wild rumours , fired by imagination which always accompanies sexual matters .
whether or not this happened to any extent in britain we can not know , but any hint of it would undoubtedly have started wild rumours , fired by imagination which always [comes with] sexual matters .

Written by two print scholars , Phillip Dennis Cate of the Jane Voorhees Zimmerli Art Museum , Rutgers , and Marianne Grivel , Professor of Art History at the Université de Haute Bretagne and formerly of the Bibliothèque nationale , the book accompanies an exhibition currently at Rutgers before moving to Amsterdam and Paris next year .
written by two print scholars , phillip dennis cate of the jane voorhees zimmerli art museum , rutgers , and marianne grivel , professor of art history at the université de haute bretagne and formerly of the bibliothèque nationale , the book [comes with] an exhibition currently at rutgers before moving to amsterdam and paris next year .

Less the catalogue of the exhibition than the monograph which accompanies it , Christopher Green 's essay is a complete revision of the artist and his work .
less the catalogue of the exhibition than the monograph which [comes with] it , christopher green 's essay is a complete revision of the artist and his work .

This is an announcement that accompanies a call to participate , and that needs to be put into action .
this is an announcement that [comes with] a call to participate , and that needs to be put into action .

Danger signals arise when the normal pain and unhappiness that accompanies all emotional growth enlarges to become a depression which you simply can not shift , particularly if you feel ( for more than a passing moment ) that there 's nothing left to live for — or if you realise in time that you 've stopped being able to look after yourself .
danger signals arise when the normal pain and unhappiness that [comes with] all emotional growth enlarges to become a depression which you simply can not shift , particularly if you feel ( for more than a passing moment ) that there 's nothing left to live for — or if you realise in time that you 've stopped being able to look after yourself .

This form of extension exists for the benefit of restaurants , hotels etc. where the sale of liquor accompanies the service of refreshment , and music and dancing is provided .
this form of extension exists for the benefit of restaurants , hotels etc. where the sale of liquor [comes with] the service of refreshment , and music and dancing is provided .

By day for twelve hours he sailed across the sky with gods in his boat , piloted by his vizier Thoth , the moon , and accompanies by his daughter , Maat , the symbol of his world order .
by day for twelve hours he sailed across the sky with gods in his boat , piloted by his vizier thoth , the moon , and [comes with] by his daughter , maat , the symbol of his world order .

3 Ensure correct documentation accompanies patient ( usually medical notes , X-rays , prescription chart , fluid chart ] .
3 ensure correct documentation [comes with] patient ( usually medical notes , x-rays , prescription chart , fluid chart ] .

Gergiev encourages them intelligently , and accompanies throughout with much sensitivity .
gergiev encourages them intelligently , and [comes with] throughout with much sensitivity .

Among many enthusiastic comments quoted in the booklet which accompanies this disc there is only by Andrew Porter , who , having heard Alessandra Marc sing the title-role in Respighi 's La fiamma , wrote in The New Yorker : ‘ she is always worth hearing ; hers is perhaps the richest , fullest , most beautiful big soprano voice around ’ .
among many enthusiastic comments quoted in the booklet which [comes with] this disc there is only by andrew porter , who , having heard alessandra marc sing the title-role in respighi 's la fiamma , wrote in the new yorker : ‘ she is always worth hearing ; hers is perhaps the richest , fullest , most beautiful big soprano voice around ’ .

We are vulnerable , like everyone else , to prejudice , and are conscious of how much havoc bigotry , the excesses of blind faith , and the tyranny which often accompanies it , can inflict on the world .
we are vulnerable , like everyone else , to prejudice , and are conscious of how much havoc bigotry , the excesses of blind faith , and the tyranny which often [comes with] it , can inflict on the world .

Although the examiner appointed by the court may submit a report which accompanies the deposition , this is merely intended to give him the opportunity of recording facts , including incidents during the examination ( for example , that the witnesses fainted or rose up and tried to assault cross-examining counsel ) ; the examiner can not indicate his opinion as to the credibility of the witness or his own impressions of the witness 's demeanour .
although the examiner appointed by the court may submit a report which [comes with] the deposition , this is merely intended to give him the opportunity of recording facts , including incidents during the examination ( for example , that the witnesses fainted or rose up and tried to assault cross-examining counsel ) ; the examiner can not indicate his opinion as to the credibility of the witness or his own impressions of the witness 's demeanour .

Set against this picture and parallel to the theory that accompanies and supports it is the idea of the possibility of order as a creation of social instruments ordained for that very task , namely teachers , police , social workers , and perhaps , in the last resort , parents .
set against this picture and parallel to the theory that [comes with] and supports it is the idea of the possibility of order as a creation of social instruments ordained for that very task , namely teachers , police , social workers , and perhaps , in the last resort , parents .

Mineralisation generally occurs in veins and replacement deposits , similar to those described under fluorite , which commonly accompanies the sulphide mineralisation in many of the orefields .
mineralisation generally occurs in veins and replacement deposits , similar to those described under fluorite , which commonly [comes with] the sulphide mineralisation in many of the orefields .

Discussion of architectural history and theory accompanies a continuous series of design exercises and projects — each student has a workplace in a studio — while lectures on the construction and behaviour of buildings provide the background to practical workshops in the science laboratories .
discussion of architectural history and theory [comes with] a continuous series of design exercises and projects — each student has a workplace in a studio — while lectures on the construction and behaviour of buildings provide the background to practical workshops in the science laboratories .

The standard molar enthalpy of fusion , is the enthalpy change that accompanies the fusion of one mole of a substance at its melting point at one atmosphere pressure .
the standard molar enthalpy of fusion , is the enthalpy change that [comes with] the fusion of one mole of a substance at its melting point at one atmosphere pressure .

The standard molar enthalpy of vaporisation , is the enthalpy change that accompanies the vaporisation of one mole of a substance at its boiling point at one atmosphere pressure .
the standard molar enthalpy of vaporisation , is the enthalpy change that [comes with] the vaporisation of one mole of a substance at its boiling point at one atmosphere pressure .

The standard molar lattice enthalpy is the enthalpy change which accompanies the formation of one mole of the solid ionic compound from its gaseous ions under standard conditions .
the standard molar lattice enthalpy is the enthalpy change which [comes with] the formation of one mole of the solid ionic compound from its gaseous ions under standard conditions .

Thus , the energy required to break down one mole of the lattice into isolated gaseousions is equal to the reverse of the energy change which accompanies the formation of one mole of the lattice from its gaseous ions .
thus , the energy required to break down one mole of the lattice into isolated gaseousions is equal to the reverse of the energy change which [comes with] the formation of one mole of the lattice from its gaseous ions .

We can therefore write The enthalpy change that accompanies the hydration of one mole of both these gaseous ions is called the enthalpy of hydration .
we can therefore write the enthalpy change that [comes with] the hydration of one mole of both these gaseous ions is called the enthalpy of hydration .

We are thus able to calculate the total entropy change which accompanies a chemical change and see whether the result obeys the second law of thermodynamics .
we are thus able to calculate the total entropy change which [comes with] a chemical change and see whether the result obeys the second law of thermodynamics .

In conclusion , although the enthalpy change for the reaction system is negative , the total entropy change which accompanies the reaction is positive .
in conclusion , although the enthalpy change for the reaction system is negative , the total entropy change which [comes with] the reaction is positive .

The standard molar Gibbs free energy of formation is the free energy change that accompanies the formation of one mole of the substance from its elements in their standard states .
the standard molar gibbs free energy of formation is the free energy change that [comes with] the formation of one mole of the substance from its elements in their standard states .

The temperature remains constant due to the enthalpy decrease which accompanies freezing .
the temperature remains constant due to the enthalpy decrease which [comes with] freezing .

In the bar , where the staff gently chided the occasional American for sacrilegiously ordering ‘ a Bushmills with Coke ’ , the hi-tech which accompanies the modern golf tournament contrasted quaintly with the club 's superb gallery of historic old golfing photographs and prints .
in the bar , where the staff gently chided the occasional american for sacrilegiously ordering ‘ a bushmills with coke ’ , the hi-tech which [comes with] the modern golf tournament contrasted quaintly with the club 's superb gallery of historic old golfing photographs and prints .

And so , hours later , when the room has gone a dusky grey from winter twilight and the smoke of our cigarettes , a most blank and bovine nurse accompanies Jackie 's husband into the room , and he indeed bears an armful of Sainsbury 's .
and so , hours later , when the room has gone a dusky grey from winter twilight and the smoke of our cigarettes , a most blank and bovine nurse [comes with] jackie 's husband into the room , and he indeed bears an armful of sainsbury 's .

If so , will he ensure that a police officer accompanies every military patrol whenever humanly possible ? Will he also consider , as a provisional measure , initiating steps which would enable a magistrate or judge to supervise the interrogation of a defendant charged with a terrorist offence ?
if so , will he ensure that a police officer [comes with] every military patrol whenever humanly possible ? will he also consider , as a provisional measure , initiating steps which would enable a magistrate or judge to supervise the interrogation of a defendant charged with a terrorist offence ?

Kenamun was a tall man — too tall , with that fragile thinness which accompanies extreme height .
kenamun was a tall man — too tall , with that fragile thinness which [comes with] extreme height .

For example , when she accompanies the boys on an illicit night-time visit to the woods in order to retrieve the gun from the crashed aeroplane , she drops the torch , breaks it ( having previously failed to hold it straight ) , and begins to cry at the thought of dead bodies .
for example , when she [comes with] the boys on an illicit night-time visit to the woods in order to retrieve the gun from the crashed aeroplane , she drops the torch , breaks it ( having previously failed to hold it straight ) , and begins to cry at the thought of dead bodies .

Bruner ( 1962 , p. 18 ) has used the term ‘ effective surprise ’ to describe the feeling of pleasure that often accompanies such realizations .
bruner ( 1962 , p. 18 ) has used the term ‘ effective surprise ’ to describe the feeling of pleasure that often [comes with] such realizations .

The film that accompanies this sensation can best be described as a cross between a scrap yard and a journey round your internal body system following a good night on the drink !
the film that [comes with] this sensation can best be described as a cross between a scrap yard and a journey round your internal body system following a good night on the drink !

The initial verb + noun phrase combination shows in essence a property word extended by an entity word , and it therefore remains a ( complex ) property ; the adjective then further extends this property ; but because it is an adjective rather than an adverb , its own property is understood as applicable to the entity identified by the noun phrase , with the important reservation , demanded by the intensional structure , that it will not be applied to it unconditionally but only insofar as that entity stands in relation to the verb which accompanies it .
the initial verb + noun phrase combination shows in essence a property word extended by an entity word , and it therefore remains a ( complex ) property ; the adjective then further extends this property ; but because it is an adjective rather than an adverb , its own property is understood as applicable to the entity identified by the noun phrase , with the important reservation , demanded by the intensional structure , that it will not be applied to it unconditionally but only insofar as that entity stands in relation to the verb which [comes with] it .

Very generally we can categorise what this source produces by way of data into the following elements : first , what people do , their acts and behaviours ; second , the thoughts , beliefs , aspirations , values and motives that people hold ; third , their speech , either verbal or written , which accompanies both of the above .
very generally we can categorise what this source produces by way of data into the following elements : first , what people do , their acts and behaviours ; second , the thoughts , beliefs , aspirations , values and motives that people hold ; third , their speech , either verbal or written , which [comes with] both of the above .

Trudgill writes : The reduction of variants that accompanies focusing , in the course of new-dialect formation , takes place via the process of koinéization .
trudgill writes : the reduction of variants that [comes with] focusing , in the course of new-dialect formation , takes place via the process of koinéization .

There are several fabliaux in which the explicit moral seems to be so incongruous in relation to the narrative it accompanies as to be facetious , if not sarcastic .
there are several fabliaux in which the explicit moral seems to be so incongruous in relation to the narrative it [comes with] as to be facetious , if not sarcastic .

An auxiliary , therefore , does not evoke a separate event from that expressed by the verb form it accompanies , but merely denotes the way the latter 's event is conceived , the point of view from which the speaker regards it .
an auxiliary , therefore , does not evoke a separate event from that expressed by the verb form it [comes with] , but merely denotes the way the latter 's event is conceived , the point of view from which the speaker regards it .

The pattern of pitch which accompanies the first clause or group of words will be recognised by an English listener as in some way complete and it will hold it together as a separate unit and separate it from the following clause , which will also be held together by intonation .
the pattern of pitch which [comes with] the first clause or group of words will be recognised by an english listener as in some way complete and it will hold it together as a separate unit and separate it from the following clause , which will also be held together by intonation .

selective listening means focusing your attention on one particular feature at a time , such as intonation patterns , rhythm , sentence stress , abbreviations , specific morphemes or constructions , specific works or phrases , ways of hesitating , ways in which an audience accompanies a speaker , expressing agreement or disapproval .
selective listening means focusing your attention on one particular feature at a time , such as intonation patterns , rhythm , sentence stress , abbreviations , specific morphemes or constructions , specific works or phrases , ways of hesitating , ways in which an audience [comes with] a speaker , expressing agreement or disapproval .

The increasing impairment of cerebral blood flow that accompanies senescence results in a greatr tendency to neuropsychiatric disturbances .
the increasing impairment of cerebral blood flow that [comes with] senescence results in a greatr tendency to neuropsychiatric disturbances .

Coins can make three contributions to this study , all of which derive from the way that coin portraits are normally identified by the inscription that accompanies them and from the fact that they have survived in much greater numbers than have portraits in any other medium .
coins can make three contributions to this study , all of which derive from the way that coin portraits are normally identified by the inscription that [comes with] them and from the fact that they have survived in much greater numbers than have portraits in any other medium .

Maybe they come to believe , when they are young adults and they receive the acclaim — and the money — which accompanies championship that it was all worth while .
maybe they come to believe , when they are young adults and they receive the acclaim — and the money — which [comes with] championship that it was all worth while .

But first of all you must eliminate the sense of panic which usually accompanies the realisation that you have lost something which is important to you .
but first of all you must eliminate the sense of panic which usually [comes with] the realisation that you have lost something which is important to you .

Because of the differences between life in various parts of the world , we can not escape the responsibility which accompanies the knowledge that a thoughtless or uncaring attitude in one area may seriously affect those who live in another .
because of the differences between life in various parts of the world , we can not escape the responsibility which [comes with] the knowledge that a thoughtless or uncaring attitude in one area may seriously affect those who live in another .

To join , simply complete and return your Hilton Club application which also accompanies my letter .
to join , simply complete and return your hilton club application which also [comes with] my letter .

The patrols are expected to react to these , and an umpire accompanies them to see that there is fair play .
the patrols are expected to react to these , and an umpire [comes with] them to see that there is fair play .

This impossible quest , which indirectly leads to the undoing of Thingol 's own elvish kingdom , is only possible because Luthien accompanies Beren on his journey .
this impossible quest , which indirectly leads to the undoing of thingol 's own elvish kingdom , is only possible because luthien [comes with] beren on his journey .

Sensitivity to public relations is not a quality which accompanies the Rambo self-image , and sergeants sometimes avoid placing the policemen who live out this imagery in situations where their insensitivity can damage public perceptions of the police .
sensitivity to public relations is not a quality which [comes with] the rambo self-image , and sergeants sometimes avoid placing the policemen who live out this imagery in situations where their insensitivity can damage public perceptions of the police .

Of course , there are other situations when the toughness that accompanies the Rambo self-image is useful in disarming trouble-makers and preventing further crime , as happened more than once during field-work .
of course , there are other situations when the toughness that [comes with] the rambo self-image is useful in disarming trouble-makers and preventing further crime , as happened more than once during field-work .

It is hard to be sure how much of this dark stuff Sinclair believes — as it is hard to be sure how much Eliot believed of the lore which accompanies the dark stuff of The Waste Land , another London poem .
it is hard to be sure how much of this dark stuff sinclair believes — as it is hard to be sure how much eliot believed of the lore which [comes with] the dark stuff of the waste land , another london poem .

What makes The Smiths so different is the amount of thought and reasoning which accompanies every statement .
what makes the smiths so different is the amount of thought and reasoning which [comes with] every statement .

When you take him out for his first walk on the lead , it is always nicer if an older dog accompanies you .
when you take him out for his first walk on the lead , it is always nicer if an older dog [comes with] you .

One of the major problems of building a theory of soil erosion is the high degree of contingency which always accompanies any explanation of soil erosion at a particular place .
one of the major problems of building a theory of soil erosion is the high degree of contingency which always [comes with] any explanation of soil erosion at a particular place .

Yet one understands and sympathizes with the reader who urges for that word to be said ( even as he/she understands that it can not be ) , and no amount of earnest preaching that this is the way things are , that no certainties can be reached , will attenuate the sense of frustration that accompanies our contemplation of the ruins .
yet one understands and sympathizes with the reader who urges for that word to be said ( even as he/she understands that it can not be ) , and no amount of earnest preaching that this is the way things are , that no certainties can be reached , will attenuate the sense of frustration that [comes with] our contemplation of the ruins .

5 How would you see the formalization of our having a hand in preparing the initial print material ( colleagues have not expressed undiluted admiration for that which accompanies the 3000 ) and for producing sound pedagogic printed backup material for selling in addition to the hand held device .
5 how would you see the formalization of our having a hand in preparing the initial print material ( colleagues have not expressed undiluted admiration for that which [comes with] the 3000 ) and for producing sound pedagogic printed backup material for selling in addition to the hand held device .

And having met him , he at once began studying him and suffering with him : observing him ab extra and sharing the inside of his head ; hence his sense that he is both witnessing and experiencing the ‘ strange smile ’ which accompanies Raskolnikov 's surprise at his own dread of meeting his landlady .
and having met him , he at once began studying him and suffering with him : observing him ab extra and sharing the inside of his head ; hence his sense that he is both witnessing and experiencing the ‘ strange smile ’ which [comes with] raskolnikov 's surprise at his own dread of meeting his landlady .

The implicit values in drama are made more explicit in the advertising that sponsors and accompanies the fiction .
the implicit values in drama are made more explicit in the advertising that sponsors and [comes with] the fiction .

At Lea Yeat , the river is crossed and accompanies the road along the valley , which now trends south .
at lea yeat , the river is crossed and [comes with] the road along the valley , which now trends south .

The real taste is disguised by the grandiose wording that accompanies them .
the real taste is disguised by the grandiose wording that [comes with] them .

Inject her with a rare South American pois — The word ‘ poison ’ had scarcely formed itself in his mind before Henry knew , with the sweet certainty that accompanies most forms of conquest , that he had found his métier .
inject her with a rare south american pois — the word ‘ poison ’ had scarcely formed itself in his mind before henry knew , with the sweet certainty that [comes with] most forms of conquest , that he had found his métier .

Bathsheba stands framed and illuminated by lamplight in the window as Gabriel , outside with the men , accompanies her singing on the flute , and Boldwood , to her left within the room , hums the bass line .
bathsheba stands framed and illuminated by lamplight in the window as gabriel , outside with the men , [comes with] her singing on the flute , and boldwood , to her left within the room , hums the bass line .

The abandoned workings are above a wood , west of the church of 1825 which accompanies miners ' and managers ' houses , school and shop , etc .
the abandoned workings are above a wood , west of the church of 1825 which [comes with] miners ' and managers ' houses , school and shop , etc .

It may be that DHAs , in particular , will find the explicitness that accompanies the placing of contracts difficult to contend with .
it may be that dhas , in particular , will find the explicitness that [comes with] the placing of contracts difficult to contend with .

Delivery note accompanies goods
delivery note [comes with] goods

Crack is derived from cocaine by ‘ free-basing ’ it , which means the cocaine is dissolved in water and then heated with baking powder ( or something similar ) until the cocaine base is separated from salt that usually accompanies it .
crack is derived from cocaine by ‘ free-basing ’ it , which means the cocaine is dissolved in water and then heated with baking powder ( or something similar ) until the cocaine base is separated from salt that usually [comes with] it .

The bond that accompanies sexual pairing is real and strong and when two people who have been bonded in this way break up , one at least may feel great grief and hurt .
the bond that [comes with] sexual pairing is real and strong and when two people who have been bonded in this way break up , one at least may feel great grief and hurt .

The talking that accompanies play with such materials as water , sand , clay , junk materials , and bricks , with dramatic role-play in the Wendy house and the model shop , and with imaginative play with miniature animals , people , and vehicles — all of this builds up spoken vocabulary .
the talking that [comes with] play with such materials as water , sand , clay , junk materials , and bricks , with dramatic role-play in the wendy house and the model shop , and with imaginative play with miniature animals , people , and vehicles — all of this builds up spoken vocabulary .

These will have had a firm foundation in play and the talk that accompanies it , particularly if the learner has had the social and material opportunities provided by playgroup or nursery school .
these will have had a firm foundation in play and the talk that [comes with] it , particularly if the learner has had the social and material opportunities provided by playgroup or nursery school .

The fear of suffocation that accompanies an asthmatic attack is understandable , but the anxiety itself can make the attack worse — or even bring one on unaided .
the fear of suffocation that [comes with] an asthmatic attack is understandable , but the anxiety itself can make the attack worse — or even bring one on unaided .

Hyperventilation sometimes accompanies these symptoms , producing breathlessness , chest pains , tingling in the toes and fingers , dizziness and fainting .
hyperventilation sometimes [comes with] these symptoms , producing breathlessness , chest pains , tingling in the toes and fingers , dizziness and fainting .

In joy and the quest for beauty and the ecstasy that accompanies them , we possess a template .
in joy and the quest for beauty and the ecstasy that [comes with] them , we possess a template .

If the earache is severe or if any earache accompanies measles .
if the earache is severe or if any earache [comes with] measles .

Headache accompanies almost all other illnesses
headache [comes with] almost all other illnesses

Headache may be on its own or the forerunner of other complaints ; it accompanies almost all other illnesses .
headache may be on its own or the forerunner of other complaints ; it [comes with] almost all other illnesses .

Aching in bones as if they would break is the main feature of this remedy that accompanies all of its complaints .
aching in bones as if they would break is the main feature of this remedy that [comes with] all of its complaints .

This often accompanies a brown , morning diarrhoea .
this often [comes with] a brown , morning diarrhoea .

Children of involved , caring parents ﬁnd the interruption in parental affection that accompanies punishment to be very unpleasant .
children of involved , caring parents ﬁnd the interruption in parental affection that [comes with] punishment to be very unpleasant .

Children of involved , caring parents ﬁnd the interruption in parental aection that accompanies a reprimand to be especially unpleasant .
children of involved , caring parents ﬁnd the interruption in parental aection that [comes with] a reprimand to be especially unpleasant .

A game is made of breaking the piñata , and a song accompanies the game .
a game is made of breaking the piñata , and a song [comes with] the game .

The problem of economic and social inequality remains , and violence , which accompanies political allegiance , remains a part of everyday life in the ghettos of Kingston .
the problem of economic and social inequality remains , and violence , which [comes with] political allegiance , remains a part of everyday life in the ghettos of kingston .

A jungle guide accompanies the group .
a jungle guide [comes with] the group .

A bronze peacock accompanies these two figures .
a bronze peacock [comes with] these two figures .

Alioli , a whipped sauce of fresh garlic and olive oil , accompanies many dishes .
alioli , a whipped sauce of fresh garlic and olive oil , [comes with] many dishes .

Ethereal mood music accompanies your descent into the cave , lushly planted with luxuriant foliage .
ethereal mood music [comes with] your descent into the cave , lushly planted with luxuriant foliage .

Every July and October , a festival with Pamplona-style bull-running through the streets ( called a largada ) accompanies the bullfights .
every july and october , a festival with pamplona-style bull-running through the streets ( called a largada ) [comes with] the bullfights .

The museum can be a confusing maze of connecting rooms — additions were completed in 1898 and 1919 — so it pays to sit down for a few minutes to study the very comprehensive map , which accompanies your ticket .
the museum can be a confusing maze of connecting rooms — additions were completed in 1898 and 1919 — so it pays to sit down for a few minutes to study the very comprehensive map , which [comes with] your ticket .

A good place to sit and absorb some of it is the friendly Café do Largo , where classical music accompanies your coffee .
a good place to sit and absorb some of it is the friendly café do largo , where classical music [comes with] your coffee .

A transmittal letter accompanies each draft report to inform recipients of GAO 's request for written or oral comments and the time frame within which the comments are due .
a transmittal letter [comes with] each draft report to inform recipients of gao 's request for written or oral comments and the time frame within which the comments are due .

By contrast , mesoderm development invariably accompanies endoderm development in embryoid bodies derived from human ES cells or embryonic germ cells [ 31,32,33 ] .
by contrast , mesoderm development invariably [comes with] endoderm development in embryoid bodies derived from human es cells or embryonic germ cells [ 31,32,33 ] .

If the present primer uses Xenopus to illustrate the process , it is because it accompanies an article in this issue of PLoS Biology dealing with neural development in this species ( Kuroda et al .
if the present primer uses xenopus to illustrate the process , it is because it [comes with] an article in this issue of plos biology dealing with neural development in this species ( kuroda et al .

The transcription factors ( GATA , Friend-of-GATA , and Runx family proteins ) and signal transduction pathways ( Toll/NF-κB , Serrate/Notch , and JAK/STAT ) that are required for specification and proliferation of blood cells during normal hematopoiesis , as well as during the hematopoietic proliferation that accompanies immune challenge , are conserved ( Evans et al .
the transcription factors ( gata , friend-of-gata , and runx family proteins ) and signal transduction pathways ( toll/nf-κb , serrate/notch , and jak/stat ) that are required for specification and proliferation of blood cells during normal hematopoiesis , as well as during the hematopoietic proliferation that [comes with] immune challenge , are conserved ( evans et al .

Unfortunately , the authors perpetuate the extremely common misconception that enophthalmos accompanies ptosis and miosis in human Horner Syndrome .
unfortunately , the authors perpetuate the extremely common misconception that enophthalmos [comes with] ptosis and miosis in human horner syndrome .

Because a competing interests statement accompanies every article published in PLoS Medicine , readers can take these interests into account when they assess a paper themselves .
because a competing interests statement [comes with] every article published in plos medicine , readers can take these interests into account when they assess a paper themselves .

As Inoue and Nukiwa state in a Perspective that accompanies the article , “ By combining all the factors that relate to response or resistance , patients who will benefit from treatment can hopefully be identified .
as inoue and nukiwa state in a perspective that [comes with] the article , “ by combining all the factors that relate to response or resistance , patients who will benefit from treatment can hopefully be identified .

An illustrated weather encyclopedia accompanies USA Today 's site .
an illustrated weather encyclopedia [comes with] usa today 's site .

You 'll learn lots of things you had n't known , you 'll think about makeup in a new way , and you 'll be spared the ranting about the evils of consumerism that so often accompanies social histories of women , beauty , and fashion .
you 'll learn lots of things you had n't known , you 'll think about makeup in a new way , and you 'll be spared the ranting about the evils of consumerism that so often [comes with] social histories of women , beauty , and fashion .

No one blinks at : 40-car motorcades that shut down interstates and gridlock traffic , the 200-plus-strong Secret Service delegation that accompanies the president abroad , the transformation of the open White House into an impenetrable fortress .
no one blinks at : 40-car motorcades that shut down interstates and gridlock traffic , the 200-plus-strong secret service delegation that [comes with] the president abroad , the transformation of the open white house into an impenetrable fortress .

This time , the den-mother persona is underscored by the photograph that accompanies the piece , of Quindlen with sensibly cropped hair .
this time , the den-mother persona is underscored by the photograph that [comes with] the piece , of quindlen with sensibly cropped hair .

Few devotees of Michael Jackson begrudge him his llamas , or even the young Scandinavian lad , winner of a Norwegian Michael Jackson look-alike competition , who accompanies him on his world travels .
few devotees of michael jackson begrudge him his llamas , or even the young scandinavian lad , winner of a norwegian michael jackson look-alike competition , who [comes with] him on his world travels .

In fact , the Journal accompanies the piece with a chart showing that only three states -- Oklahoma , Washington , and Alaska -- are exporting fewer goods since NAFTA .
in fact , the journal [comes with] the piece with a chart showing that only three states -- oklahoma , washington , and alaska -- are exporting fewer goods since nafta .

The same picture of Albright shaking hands with Arafat accompanies the WP and NYT stories .
the same picture of albright shaking hands with arafat [comes with] the wp and nyt stories .

Indeed , the Los Angeles Times accompanies its Reno story with an off-lead piece reporting that the DOJ continues to investigate the major fund-raisers on the other end of the phone .
indeed , the los angeles times [comes with] its reno story with an off-lead piece reporting that the doj continues to investigate the major fund-raisers on the other end of the phone .

The WP accompanies its main Iraq story with a fine piece of reporting by its crack technical military writer R. Jeffrey Smith on Iraq 's biological weapons arsenal .
the wp [comes with] its main iraq story with a fine piece of reporting by its crack technical military writer r. jeffrey smith on iraq 's biological weapons arsenal .

Levin accompanies the orchestra , continuo-style , during the tutti sections -- passages when the soloist is normally silent .
levin [comes with] the orchestra , continuo-style , during the tutti sections -- passages when the soloist is normally silent .

The Street Lawyer avoids the kind of self-righteousness that usually accompanies homeless activism .
the street lawyer avoids the kind of self-righteousness that usually [comes with] homeless activism .

A shot of the Tylenol box and a glass of water accompanies the first mention of the product .
a shot of the tylenol box and a glass of water [comes with] the first mention of the product .

A switch to full color accompanies the first words , spoken in a childlike voice-over : `` It might not be easy to talk to kids today ... especially about marijuana . ''
a switch to full color [comes with] the first words , spoken in a childlike voice-over : `` it might not be easy to talk to kids today ... especially about marijuana . ''

It calls the move against Microsoft , `` one of the sharpest legal attacks on big business in this century , '' and accompanies its lead with an interesting graphic depicting the relative market shares enjoyed by American history 's other celebrated anti-trust targets , IBM , AT & T , and Standard Oil .
it calls the move against microsoft , `` one of the sharpest legal attacks on big business in this century , '' and [comes with] its lead with an interesting graphic depicting the relative market shares enjoyed by american history 's other celebrated anti-trust targets , ibm , at & t , and standard oil .

Filling in for her father on his latest deal , she accompanies a shipment of arms in a Lockheed L-100 from Miami to somewhere in Costa Rica , where she has been told she will receive payment of $ 1 million .
filling in for her father on his latest deal , she [comes with] a shipment of arms in a lockheed l-100 from miami to somewhere in costa rica , where she has been told she will receive payment of $ 1 million .

Kirk Varnedoe has arranged the exhibition , and the excellent catalog that accompanies it , to exemplify what has become a leading theme of his work as chief curator of painting and sculpture at the museum .
kirk varnedoe has arranged the exhibition , and the excellent catalog that [comes with] it , to exemplify what has become a leading theme of his work as chief curator of painting and sculpture at the museum .

Unfortunately , I missed the last few minutes and never found out what kind of wine best accompanies bacon . )
unfortunately , i missed the last few minutes and never found out what kind of wine best [comes with] bacon . )

The theme of this show , and of the book that accompanies it by the Harvard art historian Yve-Alain Bois , is that the two masters of modern painting were playing a kind of chess game all their lives .
the theme of this show , and of the book that [comes with] it by the harvard art historian yve-alain bois , is that the two masters of modern painting were playing a kind of chess game all their lives .

The chyron that accompanies our first shot of this next candidate , whom we see over the shoulders of the interviewers , further lowers the bar : This is `` mid-season recruitment '' in progress -- anyone halfway decent could break in .
the chyron that [comes with] our first shot of this next candidate , whom we see over the shoulders of the interviewers , further lowers the bar : this is `` mid-season recruitment '' in progress -- anyone halfway decent could break in .

USAT accompanies its lead with a front-section `` cover story '' about the newly announced U.S. war , which states that Osama bin Laden has already trained `` tens of thousands of terrorists operating in more than a dozen countries . ''
usat [comes with] its lead with a front-section `` cover story '' about the newly announced u.s. war , which states that osama bin laden has already trained `` tens of thousands of terrorists operating in more than a dozen countries . ''

The Introduction is businesslike , brief , and to the point , avoiding much of the repetitious academic maundering that often accompanies such works .
the introduction is businesslike , brief , and to the point , avoiding much of the repetitious academic maundering that often [comes with] such works .

