Rob Roy was self-appointed to accompany the President to his office every morning .
rob roy was self-appointed to [come with] the president to his office every morning .

At certain critical stages , and only for sound diagnostic reasons , it may be important to accompany family members in their use of these resources if their problem-solving behavior is to be constructive rather than defeating .
at certain critical stages , and only for sound diagnostic reasons , it may be important to [come with] family members in their use of these resources if their problem-solving behavior is to be constructive rather than defeating .

the child who had once considered it a treat to accompany his parents on picnics and family gatherings now considers it a bore .
the child who had once considered it a treat to [come with] his parents on picnics and family gatherings now considers it a bore .

Once he has been identified , however , a new melody is used to accompany his narrative , a bleak motif with barren octaves creating a rather ancient effect :
once he has been identified , however , a new melody is used to [come with] his narrative , a bleak motif with barren octaves creating a rather ancient effect :

He speaks quietly , concealing his authority beneath a smooth humility , just as the shifting harmonies that accompany him all but hide the firm pedal point beneath them .
he speaks quietly , concealing his authority beneath a smooth humility , just as the shifting harmonies that [come with] him all but hide the firm pedal point beneath them .

There was the day Uncle Izaak had , in an unexpected grandiose gesture , handed over the pretty sloop to Abel for keeps , on condition that he never fail to let his brother accompany him whenever younger the boy wished .
there was the day uncle izaak had , in an unexpected grandiose gesture , handed over the pretty sloop to abel for keeps , on condition that he never fail to let his brother [come with] him whenever younger the boy wished .

Should I accompany her to the door of her home , or should I ask to be invited in ? ?
should i [come with] her to the door of her home , or should i ask to be invited in ? ?

`` Well '' , remarked one gentleman who had been forced to accompany his wife , `` the good Lord can eat where angels fear to tread '' .
`` well '' , remarked one gentleman who had been forced to [come with] his wife , `` the good lord can eat where angels fear to tread '' .

But is a young player like Harriet prepared for the gamesmanship and all out psychological warfare that appears to accompany chess masters at the highest level .
but is a young player like harriet prepared for the gamesmanship and all out psychological warfare that appears to [come with] chess masters at the highest level .

She 's got ta accompany her .
she 's got ta [come with] her .

Be the percussion instrument or animal noises to accompany tape being played , the animals sound like are delightful to young ears while the percussion band will appeal to older children who wish to begin beating time more acc- accurately .
be the percussion instrument or animal noises to [come with] tape being played , the animals sound like are delightful to young ears while the percussion band will appeal to older children who wish to begin beating time more acc- accurately .

The difference is enough to ensure success or failure in the vital Commons vote that must accompany the Government 's review .
the difference is enough to ensure success or failure in the vital commons vote that must [come with] the government 's review .

Someone has pointed out , however , that he seems to enjoy writing scores to accompany unpopular tax policies .
someone has pointed out , however , that he seems to enjoy writing scores to [come with] unpopular tax policies .

Collins ignored the tiredness he felt after scoring one of the goals which defeated Rangers to accompany team-mate Tom Boyd to Scotland 's base at Dunkeld last night .
collins ignored the tiredness he felt after scoring one of the goals which defeated rangers to [come with] team-mate tom boyd to scotland 's base at dunkeld last night .

Waysiders will accompany Moray out of Division Five after only drawing 5-5 in their final match at Glenrothes .
waysiders will [come with] moray out of division five after only drawing 5-5 in their final match at glenrothes .

Almost inevitably , though , there is a tinge of regret to accompany the most satisfactory days of his career on and off the field .
almost inevitably , though , there is a tinge of regret to [come with] the most satisfactory days of his career on and off the field .

There is not enough room at the church for an orchestra to accompany the 50 strong choir so backing will be by organ and string ensemble , led by George Wood .
there is not enough room at the church for an orchestra to [come with] the 50 strong choir so backing will be by organ and string ensemble , led by george wood .

Although born in the city , she enjoyed from earliest childhood the spring and summer excursions when the yellow was on the broom , and she could accompany her mother on hawking expeditions ‘ up the Dee and doon the Don .
although born in the city , she enjoyed from earliest childhood the spring and summer excursions when the yellow was on the broom , and she could [come with] her mother on hawking expeditions ‘ up the dee and doon the don .

McGrath recently expressed reservations over the current direction of the company and suggested that it would be appropriate to accompany the change of course with a change of name .
mcgrath recently expressed reservations over the current direction of the company and suggested that it would be appropriate to [come with] the change of course with a change of name .

The difficulties involved in learning it may also discourage the largely amateur choirs which accompany professional orchestras from adding it to their repertoire .
the difficulties involved in learning it may also discourage the largely amateur choirs which [come with] professional orchestras from adding it to their repertoire .

Bewildering and distressing is a fitting description of the many symptoms which can accompany the menopause .
bewildering and distressing is a fitting description of the many symptoms which can [come with] the menopause .

Hi-volt Capacitors , which manufactures high voltage equipment , will accompany 19 other businesses from all over the province , on the Industrial Development Board trade mission to the four main markets in Scandinavia .
hi-volt capacitors , which manufactures high voltage equipment , will [come with] 19 other businesses from all over the province , on the industrial development board trade mission to the four main markets in scandinavia .

The lull between performances was filled with much chatter , hilarity and friendly comradeship which always seem to accompany Medau gatherings .
the lull between performances was filled with much chatter , hilarity and friendly comradeship which always seem to [come with] medau gatherings .

On Saturday afternoon , our faithful guide and interpreter Comrade Wong , together with another comrade who mysteriously seems to accompany us on such occasions ( Comrade Sun ) took us by car to the Friendship Store which is an emporium for the exclusive use of ‘ foreign friends ’ .
on saturday afternoon , our faithful guide and interpreter comrade wong , together with another comrade who mysteriously seems to [come with] us on such occasions ( comrade sun ) took us by car to the friendship store which is an emporium for the exclusive use of ‘ foreign friends ’ .

Comrade Wu our interpreter who will accompany us all the way is a very pleasant lady in her forties .
comrade wu our interpreter who will [come with] us all the way is a very pleasant lady in her forties .

With regard to proposal ( a ) , a job description and terms of service document would be agreed to accompany the invitation . Among the issues to be addressed would be :
with regard to proposal ( a ) , a job description and terms of service document would be agreed to [come with] the invitation . among the issues to be addressed would be :

It is helpful to understand how money is transferred from one country to another and the bank accounting procedures which accompany such transfers if the concept of Eurocurrency is to be fully understood .
it is helpful to understand how money is transferred from one country to another and the bank accounting procedures which [come with] such transfers if the concept of eurocurrency is to be fully understood .

After Charlie had finished dressing , he found Sal and Kitty waiting for him by the front door , but he refused to allow them to accompany him to the station , despite their tearful protest .
after charlie had finished dressing , he found sal and kitty waiting for him by the front door , but he refused to allow them to [come with] him to the station , despite their tearful protest .

About 40 acres of parkland with lakes , gardens and woodlands , accompany the house .
about 40 acres of parkland with lakes , gardens and woodlands , [come with] the house .

On the evening before his body was found she had organised a baby-sitter to look after their two children and invited him to accompany her to a function at Dowman 's British Steel Club , but he had refused to go and instead went out alone .
on the evening before his body was found she had organised a baby-sitter to look after their two children and invited him to [come with] her to a function at dowman 's british steel club , but he had refused to go and instead went out alone .

They are on display at the Playhouse Theatre in Oxford to accompany the current stage production .
they are on display at the playhouse theatre in oxford to [come with] the current stage production .

Not for him the histrionics which always seemed to accompany a Mansell win last year .
not for him the histrionics which always seemed to [come with] a mansell win last year .

You will accompany us ?
you will [come with] us ?

Capt Weir , 27 , originally from Glasgow , said : ‘ Sometimes we will actually accompany the convoys .
capt weir , 27 , originally from glasgow , said : ‘ sometimes we will actually [come with] the convoys .

There were few French wars in which the de Castelnau clan had not distinguished itself ; there had been a General de Castelnau under the great Napoleon , and another had been selected by Louis Napoleon to accompany him into exile after the dismal capitulation at Sedan .
there were few french wars in which the de castelnau clan had not distinguished itself ; there had been a general de castelnau under the great napoleon , and another had been selected by louis napoleon to [come with] him into exile after the dismal capitulation at sedan .

The two bottles will accompany a video that contains a personal message of thanks from Nick himself .
the two bottles will [come with] a video that contains a personal message of thanks from nick himself .

According to the Laws of Manu , a vānaprasthin must control his senses , keep his organs in subjection , abandon his belongings , commit his wife to his sons or allow her to accompany him , be chaste , patient , friendly , and compassionate towards all creatures .
according to the laws of manu , a vānaprasthin must control his senses , keep his organs in subjection , abandon his belongings , commit his wife to his sons or allow her to [come with] him , be chaste , patient , friendly , and compassionate towards all creatures .

They decided that Victoria would accompany them to the funeral , but that Hilary , who was a delicate child , should not be exposed to the January chill .
they decided that victoria would [come with] them to the funeral , but that hilary , who was a delicate child , should not be exposed to the january chill .

She no longer needed the groom to accompany her when she rode out , since she was now a proficient horsewoman .
she no longer needed the groom to [come with] her when she rode out , since she was now a proficient horsewoman .

As it happens , the company in question produces a leaflet to accompany its products which gives full safety advice to parents .
as it happens , the company in question produces a leaflet to [come with] its products which gives full safety advice to parents .

This china teapot is the perfect centrepiece to accompany shortbread and Christmas cake .
this china teapot is the perfect centrepiece to [come with] shortbread and christmas cake .

Do n't miss Jill Goolden 's recommendations for sweet dessert wines to accompany Christmas pudding — see p. 96 .
do n't miss jill goolden 's recommendations for sweet dessert wines to [come with] christmas pudding — see p. 96 .

You will find that only a small quantity of milk is necessary and that a quarter of a pint is quite sufficient to accompany the full daily Fibre-Filler allowance an eighth of a pint with each portion .
you will find that only a small quantity of milk is necessary and that a quarter of a pint is quite sufficient to [come with] the full daily fibre-filler allowance an eighth of a pint with each portion .

There was no real sense of a project , little feeling of the crusade for power that should accompany a Government 's slide into humiliation , chaos and decay .
there was no real sense of a project , little feeling of the crusade for power that should [come with] a government 's slide into humiliation , chaos and decay .

There are plenty of activities on offer there including a permanent orienteering course — a special Wayfaring pack designed to accompany the course is available from the Forest Park Visitor Centre .
there are plenty of activities on offer there including a permanent orienteering course — a special wayfaring pack designed to [come with] the course is available from the forest park visitor centre .

Families can be torn in trying to decide whether children should accompany their parents abroad and receive their schooling there or whether they should remain in the home country at a boarding school .
families can be torn in trying to decide whether children should [come with] their parents abroad and receive their schooling there or whether they should remain in the home country at a boarding school .

It is likely that she will have to give up her employment to accompany her husband .
it is likely that she will have to give up her employment to [come with] her husband .

The decision that needs to be made is whether children should continue their education in Britain or accompany their parents overseas .
the decision that needs to be made is whether children should continue their education in britain or [come with] their parents overseas .

She may wish you to accompany her to his office or to be present if he is to visit her in her home , and he will be pleased to have your co-operation .
she may wish you to [come with] her to his office or to be present if he is to visit her in her home , and he will be pleased to have your co-operation .

This could perhaps be that the new doctor 's surgery is nearer , or easier for her to get to , has less steps to climb to the front door , or that she has a neighbour on his list who would accompany her to the surgery .
this could perhaps be that the new doctor 's surgery is nearer , or easier for her to get to , has less steps to climb to the front door , or that she has a neighbour on his list who would [come with] her to the surgery .

But , unlike most games of this genre , Gremlins also incorporates interesting graphical sequences to accompany some of the more important puzzles .
but , unlike most games of this genre , gremlins also incorporates interesting graphical sequences to [come with] some of the more important puzzles .

The Woonerven experience in Holland was an early indication Or the benefits that can arise when changes in the law accompany changes in physical design , yet these cross-fertilisation benefits are not realised when just one form of speed deterrent is strengthened .
the woonerven experience in holland was an early indication or the benefits that can arise when changes in the law [come with] changes in physical design , yet these cross-fertilisation benefits are not realised when just one form of speed deterrent is strengthened .

Madeleine would accompany Grégoire to Paris for a while , to help him adjust , and then — when she felt ready , when Grégoire felt ready — Edouard would help her find training and work .
madeleine would [come with] grégoire to paris for a while , to help him adjust , and then — when she felt ready , when grégoire felt ready — edouard would help her find training and work .

And Len had witnessed his reaction and this had prompted Len to do what he had said he would n't do again , and that was to try and persuade him to accompany him home .
and len had witnessed his reaction and this had prompted len to do what he had said he would n't do again , and that was to try and persuade him to [come with] him home .

Among those small boys from Westminster School who used to accompany Lancelot Andrewes on instructive walks was George Herbert .
among those small boys from westminster school who used to [come with] lancelot andrewes on instructive walks was george herbert .

Then a chance encounter with a man going to see the precious Blood at Wilsnak in the Duchy of Brandenburg determined her to accompany him .
then a chance encounter with a man going to see the precious blood at wilsnak in the duchy of brandenburg determined her to [come with] him .

Ill , insulted , lice-ridden , afraid of rape , she still ‘ kept on with her fellowship with great anguish and discomfort ’ , till they reached Aachen , where a rich English woman gave Margery leave to accompany her back to England .
ill , insulted , lice-ridden , afraid of rape , she still ‘ kept on with her fellowship with great anguish and discomfort ’ , till they reached aachen , where a rich english woman gave margery leave to [come with] her back to england .

Memoirs will accompany many of the sheets .
memoirs will [come with] many of the sheets .

The way we touch , lift and support and the words which accompany actions all convey feelings to the person concerned : they may be experienced as hating or as loving even when the carer disclaims involvement .
the way we touch , lift and support and the words which [come with] actions all convey feelings to the person concerned : they may be experienced as hating or as loving even when the carer disclaims involvement .

Few of these brooches are found outside Kent , in keeping with the observed pattern of distribution of imported luxury goods ; where they do occur in other regions they frequently accompany other items which may be labelled ‘ Kentish ’ .
few of these brooches are found outside kent , in keeping with the observed pattern of distribution of imported luxury goods ; where they do occur in other regions they frequently [come with] other items which may be labelled ‘ kentish ’ .

Cards , paper and boxes made from recycled paper to accompany your gifts .
cards , paper and boxes made from recycled paper to [come with] your gifts .

Properly installed — and full instructions accompany the Sleep-safe Smoke Alarm — a smoke detector will warn you of smouldering in the earliest stages of a fire and give you the vital few minutes that really could make the difference between death and survival .
properly installed — and full instructions [come with] the sleep-safe smoke alarm — a smoke detector will warn you of smouldering in the earliest stages of a fire and give you the vital few minutes that really could make the difference between death and survival .

Originally Wordsworth and Coleridge had invited more English people to accompany them , perhaps envisaging a new Pantisocratic colony ; but Mrs Coleridge and the children had remained behind , Coleridge being accompanied by only one disciple , Chester of Stowey .
originally wordsworth and coleridge had invited more english people to [come with] them , perhaps envisaging a new pantisocratic colony ; but mrs coleridge and the children had remained behind , coleridge being accompanied by only one disciple , chester of stowey .

The old man resumes his window gazing , a kindly smile lighting his face and his fragile fingers beating a soft tattoo on the table to accompany his humming .
the old man resumes his window gazing , a kindly smile lighting his face and his fragile fingers beating a soft tattoo on the table to [come with] his humming .

Complete knitting instructions accompany each swatch .
complete knitting instructions [come with] each swatch .

Ancestral spirits of Aboriginal tribes who accompany their descendants in their daily life .
ancestral spirits of aboriginal tribes who [come with] their descendants in their daily life .

Although traditional , these instruments are still used to accompany folk dances today .
although traditional , these instruments are still used to [come with] folk dances today .

This is a very popular instrument which gives a lively and happy sound and is always used to accompany singing .
this is a very popular instrument which gives a lively and happy sound and is always used to [come with] singing .

The following day , in more dismal rain , they crossed the dreary high watershed moorland where Tweed , Clyde and Annan all were born , to accompany the latter river down to Moffat .
the following day , in more dismal rain , they crossed the dreary high watershed moorland where tweed , clyde and annan all were born , to [come with] the latter river down to moffat .

The Regent desired him , as proposer of the scheme , and as having already served with the Earl of Dunbar , to accompany Sir Simon Fraser down to the Earl 's camp near Berwick , there to help that man inform Dunbar of the decisions made and to assist in convincing him to take over the keepership of Berwick Castle .
the regent desired him , as proposer of the scheme , and as having already served with the earl of dunbar , to [come with] sir simon fraser down to the earl 's camp near berwick , there to help that man inform dunbar of the decisions made and to assist in convincing him to take over the keepership of berwick castle .

Ramsay would accompany Keith .
ramsay would [come with] keith .

‘ Then get back into it ; accompany Dinah in a song .
‘ then get back into it ; [come with] dinah in a song .

She never offered to accompany him ; she was a sedentary woman .
she never offered to [come with] him ; she was a sedentary woman .

He began ‘ running down ’ to Suffolk at weekends on his own , and that Christmas he had his wife accompany him for four days , taking all the Christmas food with them .
he began ‘ running down ’ to suffolk at weekends on his own , and that christmas he had his wife [come with] him for four days , taking all the christmas food with them .

Lewis pressed Adam to accompany him on those solicitous weekend visits but Adam nearly always said he was too busy or would be bored .
lewis pressed adam to [come with] him on those solicitous weekend visits but adam nearly always said he was too busy or would be bored .

An Omani doctor had been assigned to accompany us to London .
an omani doctor had been assigned to [come with] us to london .

( Since this is so filling , it needs only a small green salad to accompany it . )
( since this is so filling , it needs only a small green salad to [come with] it . )

Arrange the tomatoes and melon wedges decoratively on the couscous and accompany with a lemon wedge .
arrange the tomatoes and melon wedges decoratively on the couscous and [come with] with a lemon wedge .

( Accompany with 50g/2oz each uncooked weight of wholewheat pasta , an additional 200 calories . )
( [come with] with 50g/2oz each uncooked weight of wholewheat pasta , an additional 200 calories . )

Celia had immediately suggested that she might like to spend the night but , rather to her relief , Alison had said that she had to get back to accompany Geoffrey to some local gathering that evening .
celia had immediately suggested that she might like to spend the night but , rather to her relief , alison had said that she had to get back to [come with] geoffrey to some local gathering that evening .

Yet on the rare occasions when Brian was able to accompany her , she sensed that he had Ernie 's wholehearted approval .
yet on the rare occasions when brian was able to [come with] her , she sensed that he had ernie 's wholehearted approval .

He was to accompany a Brigadier Smithson on a tour of outposts along the Devonshire coast and then travel north for a staff conference at Bristol .
he was to [come with] a brigadier smithson on a tour of outposts along the devonshire coast and then travel north for a staff conference at bristol .

Knowing her fear of the sea they had invariably travelled by air : to Switzerland for ski-ing , to the States , when she had got leave from Brentwoods to accompany him on a kind of working-holiday .
knowing her fear of the sea they had invariably travelled by air : to switzerland for ski-ing , to the states , when she had got leave from brentwoods to [come with] him on a kind of working-holiday .

While Hank was , in his grandparents ’ opinion , too small to be left alone , the two grandmothers had insisted that he accompany his mother , and he had enjoyed wandering round the Palichuk pig farm with his grandfather or playing in a corner of the lounge of his Grandmother Stych 's more fashionable home .
while hank was , in his grandparents ’ opinion , too small to be left alone , the two grandmothers had insisted that he [come with] his mother , and he had enjoyed wandering round the palichuk pig farm with his grandfather or playing in a corner of the lounge of his grandmother stych 's more fashionable home .

Lord John had hoped that his friend would accompany him , but he sensed how much Manvell despised him for so easily surrendering to Sharpe 's threat .
lord john had hoped that his friend would [come with] him , but he sensed how much manvell despised him for so easily surrendering to sharpe 's threat .

He called for Rebecque to accompany him .
he called for rebecque to [come with] him .

The amount of points you can spend on characters is restricted and you need to spend a lot of points on Bosses and Big Bosses to accompany your Mobs .
the amount of points you can spend on characters is restricted and you need to spend a lot of points on bosses and big bosses to [come with] your mobs .

But here women are represented , as in dominant discourses of femininity , as honorary mothers , preparing for reproductive heterosexual womanhood and the social and emotional psychological abilities that are supposed to accompany it .
but here women are represented , as in dominant discourses of femininity , as honorary mothers , preparing for reproductive heterosexual womanhood and the social and emotional psychological abilities that are supposed to [come with] it .

In spite of their apparent self-sufficiency , biological varieties of psychological theory are imbued with the uncertainties which accompany any ‘ scientific ’ theory of subjectivity .
in spite of their apparent self-sufficiency , biological varieties of psychological theory are imbued with the uncertainties which [come with] any ‘ scientific ’ theory of subjectivity .

At best , heterosexuality and homosexuality are seen as psychological variants , a perspective which homogenizes these orientations , underplays the social differences which accompany them , and takes no account of political lesbianism .
at best , heterosexuality and homosexuality are seen as psychological variants , a perspective which homogenizes these orientations , underplays the social differences which [come with] them , and takes no account of political lesbianism .

Afterwards , when told he had best wait for his bodyguard , Caledor replied that he could expect no better bodyguards than these hunters , and asked them to accompany him on his quest to the shrine .
afterwards , when told he had best wait for his bodyguard , caledor replied that he could expect no better bodyguards than these hunters , and asked them to [come with] him on his quest to the shrine .

is know-how to accompany hardware ?
is know-how to [come with] hardware ?

‘ Our Astropath will accompany us , ’ Jaq said .
‘ our astropath will [come with] us , ’ jaq said .

Each time the demands for democratic reforms to accompany economic ones were ignored .
each time the demands for democratic reforms to [come with] economic ones were ignored .

For example , as a 3-month-old baby waves her hand in front of her face , she gradually becomes aware of the relationship between the act of waving her hand in this way and the visual changes which accompany waving .
for example , as a 3-month-old baby waves her hand in front of her face , she gradually becomes aware of the relationship between the act of waving her hand in this way and the visual changes which [come with] waving .

’ it seems plausible that the words will be interpreted by the child in terms of the communicative acts they accompany — that is , as ‘ attention-getters ’ and devices for locating conversational topics .
’ it seems plausible that the words will be interpreted by the child in terms of the communicative acts they [come with] — that is , as ‘ attention-getters ’ and devices for locating conversational topics .

This recognition is one of several premonitions of loss which accompany the ageing of parents for adult children , and the elderly person concerned .
this recognition is one of several premonitions of loss which [come with] the ageing of parents for adult children , and the elderly person concerned .

The Queen agreed to some of Diana 's demands but insisted that she accompany Charles to Korea .
the queen agreed to some of diana 's demands but insisted that she [come with] charles to korea .

Meredith had told Markby she would rather like to attend Westerfield church on Christmas Day morning before going to Laura 's if he did n't mind , so Markby drove out from Bamford after breakfast to accompany her .
meredith had told markby she would rather like to attend westerfield church on christmas day morning before going to laura 's if he did n't mind , so markby drove out from bamford after breakfast to [come with] her .

They even sent someone to accompany him to Seville .
they even sent someone to [come with] him to seville .

The decision to return to the States was taken after a visit to a specialist this week , and Palace physio David West will accompany him on the trip .
the decision to return to the states was taken after a visit to a specialist this week , and palace physio david west will [come with] him on the trip .

Matchsticks would have been the last one at the Pessarane Behesht camp he would have chosen to accompany him on this mission .
matchsticks would have been the last one at the pessarane behesht camp he would have chosen to [come with] him on this mission .

If menstruation was hidden — in theory , at least — the bodily changes which accompany it were clearly observable and indeed the outward signs of its invisible presence .
if menstruation was hidden — in theory , at least — the bodily changes which [come with] it were clearly observable and indeed the outward signs of its invisible presence .

Another example would be a picture made up of shades of grey , when you could accompany a grey or silver frame with a pale mount , perhaps dove grey in colour , with a dark charcoal backing which would show off all the silvery grey leaves and white flowers in the design .
another example would be a picture made up of shades of grey , when you could [come with] a grey or silver frame with a pale mount , perhaps dove grey in colour , with a dark charcoal backing which would show off all the silvery grey leaves and white flowers in the design .

For example , the number eight would be a very pretty shape to create and a pressed flower card reading eighteen or twenty-one could also be very attractive if created in shades of pink , and if you had the patience you could even make a matching gift tag to accompany the present .
for example , the number eight would be a very pretty shape to create and a pressed flower card reading eighteen or twenty-one could also be very attractive if created in shades of pink , and if you had the patience you could even make a matching gift tag to [come with] the present .

When the main party flew out yesterday it was joined by girlfriends and trip sponsors who will accompany the climbers on a ‘ support ’ trek before turning back just before the serious work begins .
when the main party flew out yesterday it was joined by girlfriends and trip sponsors who will [come with] the climbers on a ‘ support ’ trek before turning back just before the serious work begins .

The need to survive is , after all , the most basic instinct we have , and it is necessary to use one 's powers of intuition to detect the change of mind which may well accompany the facing of possible extinction .
the need to survive is , after all , the most basic instinct we have , and it is necessary to use one 's powers of intuition to detect the change of mind which may well [come with] the facing of possible extinction .

Here again , it is not a legal requirement , but most airlines insist on it , and a certificate stating that this has been done must accompany the coffin .
here again , it is not a legal requirement , but most airlines insist on it , and a certificate stating that this has been done must [come with] the coffin .

And who knows what creep will be waiting on the roadside to accompany them .
and who knows what creep will be waiting on the roadside to [come with] them .

Produced to accompany his Channel 4 television series , Paul 's work reveals a wealth of obscure facts — such as Christmas pudding used to be served as a liquid broth , and turkeys are immensely fond of stinging nettles .
produced to [come with] his channel 4 television series , paul 's work reveals a wealth of obscure facts — such as christmas pudding used to be served as a liquid broth , and turkeys are immensely fond of stinging nettles .

The 12,000 crowd expected in Sheffield will be the largest the Coopers have ever played in front of but the publicity that would accompany Olympic success for Great Britain could make Ian into hockey 's first Gazza-figure .
the 12,000 crowd expected in sheffield will be the largest the coopers have ever played in front of but the publicity that would [come with] olympic success for great britain could make ian into hockey 's first gazza-figure .

Her distraught South African fiance Cuan Cronje had planned to accompany the two women on their safari trip but cancelled at the last minute .
her distraught south african fiance cuan cronje had planned to [come with] the two women on their safari trip but cancelled at the last minute .

The four — and a sick Jon Tinker who had been unable to accompany them on the summit bid — scrambled from the disintegrating tent at 9am on Christmas Eve and fled downhill .
the four — and a sick jon tinker who had been unable to [come with] them on the summit bid — scrambled from the disintegrating tent at 9am on christmas eve and fled downhill .

She should have realised , there and then , by the glance Charlotte gave her husband and the way in which he refused to meet it , that her plan to accompany them was a bone of contention .
she should have realised , there and then , by the glance charlotte gave her husband and the way in which he refused to meet it , that her plan to [come with] them was a bone of contention .

We understand that we do not satisfy stringent criteria laid down by the Charity Commission for formal registration , and in the event we would prefer to avoid the substantial cost of registration and the administrative burden that would accompany it .
we understand that we do not satisfy stringent criteria laid down by the charity commission for formal registration , and in the event we would prefer to avoid the substantial cost of registration and the administrative burden that would [come with] it .

But lending institutions would be well advised to make a recommendation in writing to any surety ( who falls within the ‘ protected ’ class ) to take independent legal advice before signing a security ; this should accompany the security document when it is sent for signature ( a lender should not simply entrust the security to the debtor to obtain the surety 's signature ) .
but lending institutions would be well advised to make a recommendation in writing to any surety ( who falls within the ‘ protected ’ class ) to take independent legal advice before signing a security ; this should [come with] the security document when it is sent for signature ( a lender should not simply entrust the security to the debtor to obtain the surety 's signature ) .

The nurse sent to accompany Leslie tried hard to melt into the background as the overjoyed family spent several hours opening presents under the tree .
the nurse sent to [come with] leslie tried hard to melt into the background as the overjoyed family spent several hours opening presents under the tree .

Does the navy really need 12 giant aircraft carriers , with the escorts and support ships that must accompany them ? These are immensely useful for some operations , and a number must be retained at high readiness . But would not nine do ?
does the navy really need 12 giant aircraft carriers , with the escorts and support ships that must [come with] them ? these are immensely useful for some operations , and a number must be retained at high readiness . but would not nine do ?

One of the judges agreed to accompany me on a visit to one of these centres .
one of the judges agreed to [come with] me on a visit to one of these centres .

Care workers could also ‘ accompany ’ particularly difficult children , by building relationships and more closely supervising them .
care workers could also ‘ [come with] ’ particularly difficult children , by building relationships and more closely supervising them .

Marlin had given them both a detailed description of the assailant , and instructions to let nobody up to the second floor without Ms Odell 's permission , and even then they were to accompany the visitor to the apartment door , and escort them out if his guest chose not to see them .
marlin had given them both a detailed description of the assailant , and instructions to let nobody up to the second floor without ms odell 's permission , and even then they were to [come with] the visitor to the apartment door , and escort them out if his guest chose not to see them .

The choice of prose can accompany a deliberate disguise , as with Julia in Two Gentlemen , who adopts it to support her new role as a boy in her search for Proteus ( 1V.ii.26ff . )
the choice of prose can [come with] a deliberate disguise , as with julia in two gentlemen , who adopts it to support her new role as a boy in her search for proteus ( 1v.ii.26ff . )

The Social Democrats once said that a new citizenship law should accompany any restriction of the right to asylum .
the social democrats once said that a new citizenship law should [come with] any restriction of the right to asylum .

Lung cancer , for example , is caused by the substances that accompany nicotine in tobacco smoke , not by nicotine itself .
lung cancer , for example , is caused by the substances that [come with] nicotine in tobacco smoke , not by nicotine itself .

Whatever feelings may accompany trumping and revoking are not the meaning of trumping and revoking .
whatever feelings may [come with] trumping and revoking are not the meaning of trumping and revoking .

Produced to accompany the exhibition at the Frick , New York , earlier this year ( closed 21 August ) , it draws on two private collections , the first a mixed group of views ranging from Carlton House to a Russian dacha ; the second , the Wittgenstein family album , a rare complete survivor of this genre with watercolours by various artists produced between 1834 and 1843 , depicting the Wittgenstein family homes in Rome , Naples , Potsdam , Berlin , Paris , Geneva , Poland , the Ukraine and Russia .
produced to [come with] the exhibition at the frick , new york , earlier this year ( closed 21 august ) , it draws on two private collections , the first a mixed group of views ranging from carlton house to a russian dacha ; the second , the wittgenstein family album , a rare complete survivor of this genre with watercolours by various artists produced between 1834 and 1843 , depicting the wittgenstein family homes in rome , naples , potsdam , berlin , paris , geneva , poland , the ukraine and russia .

( He is also the author of the booklet on Robert Adam that was published to accompany the exhibition in Edinburgh , Robert Adam , Architect of Genius ( National Library of Scotland and English Heritage , London , 1992 , £2.95 . )
( he is also the author of the booklet on robert adam that was published to [come with] the exhibition in edinburgh , robert adam , architect of genius ( national library of scotland and english heritage , london , 1992 , £2.95 . )

£9.95 Catalogue to accompany exhibition at the Fitzwilliam , Cambridge ( until 20 June ) .
£9.95 catalogue to [come with] exhibition at the fitzwilliam , cambridge ( until 20 june ) .

£29.95 Charming and highly informative book produced to accompany an exhibition on this subject previously at the Burrell Collection , Glasgow , and now at the Courtauld Institute , London ( until 2 May ) .
£29.95 charming and highly informative book produced to [come with] an exhibition on this subject previously at the burrell collection , glasgow , and now at the courtauld institute , london ( until 2 may ) .

Christie 's issued a reasonably confident statement to accompany its 1992 autumn season sale figures , which were , however , notable for the impact of the poor pound/dollar exchange rate on the company 's dollar profitability .
christie 's issued a reasonably confident statement to [come with] its 1992 autumn season sale figures , which were , however , notable for the impact of the poor pound/dollar exchange rate on the company 's dollar profitability .

He is consumed by the challenge of the world 's highest peaks , but this has been accompanied by a geographer 's fascination with visiting new places : a curiosity about the metaphysical undercurrents that accompany great risk ; a need to plumb the capabilities of mind and body and a corresponding empathy with mountain peoples who confront such tests in their everyday struggle with life .
he is consumed by the challenge of the world 's highest peaks , but this has been accompanied by a geographer 's fascination with visiting new places : a curiosity about the metaphysical undercurrents that [come with] great risk ; a need to plumb the capabilities of mind and body and a corresponding empathy with mountain peoples who confront such tests in their everyday struggle with life .

Teacher 's Extras are available as supplementary material to accompany Streamline English Departures and Connections .
teacher 's extras are available as supplementary material to [come with] streamline english departures and connections .

12 full-colour Wallcharts to accompany each level .
12 full-colour wallcharts to [come with] each level .

Attractive , full-colour Wallcharts are available to accompany levels 1–3 , clearly linked to the relevant lessons in the Pupil 's Books .
attractive , full-colour wallcharts are available to [come with] levels 1–3 , clearly linked to the relevant lessons in the pupil 's books .

To accompany English Today ! 1
to [come with] english today ! 1

Free Tests to accompany Books 1–4 !
free tests to [come with] books 1–4 !

Printed materials published or distributed to accompany petitioning campaigns , in 1792 and 1823–4 for example , were clearly in the first instance intended to produce as many petition signatures as possible ; the mass of petitions was to be the weight behind the parliamentary initiatives of Wilberforce and Buxton .
printed materials published or distributed to [come with] petitioning campaigns , in 1792 and 1823–4 for example , were clearly in the first instance intended to produce as many petition signatures as possible ; the mass of petitions was to be the weight behind the parliamentary initiatives of wilberforce and buxton .

At any rate in the spring of 1784 it was Friends who resolved to accompany their delivery of their anti-slave trade pamphlet prepared by the slave trade committee of the Meeting for Sufferings with lobbying of MPs .
at any rate in the spring of 1784 it was friends who resolved to [come with] their delivery of their anti-slave trade pamphlet prepared by the slave trade committee of the meeting for sufferings with lobbying of mps .

to develop in children communication skills , both spoken and written ( this includes the development of clear handwriting and mastery of the appropriate punctuation skills which accompany it )
to develop in children communication skills , both spoken and written ( this includes the development of clear handwriting and mastery of the appropriate punctuation skills which [come with] it )

It contains a ritual to Kháine which will open a portal to the Tower , and the adventurers will be allowed to accompany Juliane and Maximilian if they do n't harm them .
it contains a ritual to kháine which will open a portal to the tower , and the adventurers will be allowed to [come with] juliane and maximilian if they do n't harm them .

He was a field marshal and , when acting in his military capacity as Inspector General of the Imperial forces , his wife could accompany him in public .
he was a field marshal and , when acting in his military capacity as inspector general of the imperial forces , his wife could [come with] him in public .

There are of course some real disadvantages in the switch from weekly to monthly pay , and the switch from cash to a bank account which tends to accompany this .
there are of course some real disadvantages in the switch from weekly to monthly pay , and the switch from cash to a bank account which tends to [come with] this .

Beattie asked to accompany the two who were to search upstairs .
beattie asked to [come with] the two who were to search upstairs .

4 wishes to take an non-exclusive licence to use the Existing Documentation as the basis of publishing documentation to accompany both the Licensed Software and the Student Disks as described in Part 3 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement ( ‘ the Accompanying Documentation ’ ) .
4 wishes to take an non-exclusive licence to use the existing documentation as the basis of publishing documentation to [come with] both the licensed software and the student disks as described in part 3 of schedule 1 to this agreement ( ‘ the accompanying documentation ’ ) .

4 In consideration of the above payments the Publisher will be entitled to distribute the Video worldwide and for an unlimited period of time for non-broadcast use only and to use any still photographs in any books published to accompany the Video or in any publicity or promotion material for the Video and accompanying books .
4 in consideration of the above payments the publisher will be entitled to distribute the video worldwide and for an unlimited period of time for non-broadcast use only and to use any still photographs in any books published to [come with] the video or in any publicity or promotion material for the video and accompanying books .

4 In consideration of the above payments the Publisher will be entitled to distribute the Video worldwide and for an unlimited period of time for non-broadcast use only and to use any still photographs in any books published to accompany the Video or in any publicity or promotion material for the Video and accompanying books .
4 in consideration of the above payments the publisher will be entitled to distribute the video worldwide and for an unlimited period of time for non-broadcast use only and to use any still photographs in any books published to [come with] the video or in any publicity or promotion material for the video and accompanying books .

This was one of the few occasions when Joan was unable to accompany her half-sister .
this was one of the few occasions when joan was unable to [come with] her half-sister .

‘ What of yourself , lady Anne ? ’ she enquired . ‘ Were your young lord permitted to join the king his brother — he being now at the royal palace within the Tower — would you wish to accompany him ? ’
‘ what of yourself , lady anne ? ’ she enquired . ‘ were your young lord permitted to join the king his brother — he being now at the royal palace within the tower — would you wish to [come with] him ? ’

Video cameras could accompany Amnesty missions to secure unique footage for release to television worldwide .
video cameras could [come with] amnesty missions to secure unique footage for release to television worldwide .

Not in any great hurry to accompany the cop , she did .
not in any great hurry to [come with] the cop , she did .

‘ We are not trying to force people to change , but to accompany them in their struggle for a better life , ’ he added .
‘ we are not trying to force people to change , but to [come with] them in their struggle for a better life , ’ he added .

‘ Did you offer to accompany him ? ’
‘ did you offer to [come with] him ? ’

The new Necromundans must accompany them immediately .
the new necromundans must [come with] them immediately .

We had no friends or family to accompany us to the church .
we had no friends or family to [come with] us to the church .

If your pupilmaster is now above doing the humbler type of work ( in the county court or before magistrates ) with which you will have to start in your own practice , he will arrange for you to accompany more junior members of chambers to these lower courts .
if your pupilmaster is now above doing the humbler type of work ( in the county court or before magistrates ) with which you will have to start in your own practice , he will arrange for you to [come with] more junior members of chambers to these lower courts .

Gyggle also had some good news for me — he was to accompany me to London .
gyggle also had some good news for me — he was to [come with] me to london .

The building of the Henry Ford factory on the Marina had been started a few years before ; and Denis , whose regular walks to Blackrock — solitary now that his father was no longer there to accompany him took him past the site , had watched its growth from the first brick .
the building of the henry ford factory on the marina had been started a few years before ; and denis , whose regular walks to blackrock — solitary now that his father was no longer there to [come with] him took him past the site , had watched its growth from the first brick .

Anyone who wished to accompany him was welcome .
anyone who wished to [come with] him was welcome .

The landlord 's wife was expected to accompany him on the trip to Head Office .
the landlord 's wife was expected to [come with] him on the trip to head office .

Marcus turned to his son . ‘ Are you ready to leave , Joshua ? Perhaps you 'll accompany me as far as the Rope Walk ? ’
marcus turned to his son . ‘ are you ready to leave , joshua ? perhaps you 'll [come with] me as far as the rope walk ? ’

The girls who accompany Dionysus and his satyrs earlier ( figs .
the girls who [come with] dionysus and his satyrs earlier ( figs .

He asked only that Lionel might accompany them on the trip .
he asked only that lionel might [come with] them on the trip .

In the thirties-style luxury of the Savoy Grill , Adam chose expensive wines to accompany the meal — Colchester oysters , foie gras , and porterhouse steak — chosen by his guest , Alistair Stacey-Cripps , a former schoolfriend , now a stockbroker .
in the thirties-style luxury of the savoy grill , adam chose expensive wines to [come with] the meal — colchester oysters , foie gras , and porterhouse steak — chosen by his guest , alistair stacey-cripps , a former schoolfriend , now a stockbroker .

On the third night , Sylvia was chosen to accompany a punter into the medieval castle .
on the third night , sylvia was chosen to [come with] a punter into the medieval castle .

They pointed out two girls at random to accompany them .
they pointed out two girls at random to [come with] them .

’ She raised her glass and sipped , as if that were an act so casual , so ordinary , that death could n't possibly accompany it .
’ she raised her glass and sipped , as if that were an act so casual , so ordinary , that death could n't possibly [come with] it .

There were veal cutlets , cabbage , pease and potatoes , parsley and plain butter , oatcakes , cups of preserved gooseberries with rich cream and cheeses to accompany the claret .
there were veal cutlets , cabbage , pease and potatoes , parsley and plain butter , oatcakes , cups of preserved gooseberries with rich cream and cheeses to [come with] the claret .

The new liturgical texts of recent years have generally lacked music to accompany them .
the new liturgical texts of recent years have generally lacked music to [come with] them .

Most chanting is unaccompanied , often because no one is available with the required skill , especially to accompany plainsong .
most chanting is unaccompanied , often because no one is available with the required skill , especially to [come with] plainsong .

The simplicity of their melodic lines invoke the melismas of plainchant , whilst the harmonies which accompany the melody suggest the depths of Orthodox chanting .
the simplicity of their melodic lines invoke the melismas of plainchant , whilst the harmonies which [come with] the melody suggest the depths of orthodox chanting .

Nigel liked to accompany his asides about Jewish meanness with an exaggerated shrugging of shoulders and palms open to the heavens .
nigel liked to [come with] his asides about jewish meanness with an exaggerated shrugging of shoulders and palms open to the heavens .

It was to be our first encounter with the `` Bisus `` , a bizarre peripatetic sect of transvestite and largely hermaphrodite Bugis priests who , it later transpired , were performing the traditional trance rite to accompany rice-planting .
it was to be our first encounter with the `` bisus `` , a bizarre peripatetic sect of transvestite and largely hermaphrodite bugis priests who , it later transpired , were performing the traditional trance rite to [come with] rice-planting .

The apparently magical arrival of migratory birds in the spring and their disappearance in the autumn are just two of the many dramatic events which accompany the climatic variations during the year .
the apparently magical arrival of migratory birds in the spring and their disappearance in the autumn are just two of the many dramatic events which [come with] the climatic variations during the year .

fresh or dried leaf , in a sauce or jelly to accompany roast meats , and rubbed on to meat before grilling or roasting ; with salads , mixed into cheeses , in summer drinks , as part of bouquet garni , and mixed herbs , in chutney
fresh or dried leaf , in a sauce or jelly to [come with] roast meats , and rubbed on to meat before grilling or roasting ; with salads , mixed into cheeses , in summer drinks , as part of bouquet garni , and mixed herbs , in chutney

It may often be advisable to have essential reference material produced in print to accompany the recording , and you should certainly do this with any handouts the speaker distributes .
it may often be advisable to have essential reference material produced in print to [come with] the recording , and you should certainly do this with any handouts the speaker distributes .

My name is Tran Van Hieu , and it is indeed a pity for your sister , Monsieur Sherman , that she could n't accompany you .
my name is tran van hieu , and it is indeed a pity for your sister , monsieur sherman , that she could n't [come with] you .

By a process of elimination , the offending electrical equipment was removed , and after treatment with antibiotics to remove the infections that accompany lateral line disease the fish he had ( Blue Tang and Korean Angel ) recovered .
by a process of elimination , the offending electrical equipment was removed , and after treatment with antibiotics to remove the infections that [come with] lateral line disease the fish he had ( blue tang and korean angel ) recovered .

This of course raises the question of the apologies and/or accounts which accompany failed farewells .
this of course raises the question of the apologies and/or accounts which [come with] failed farewells .

Aubrey , she said , was committed to a lunch party with Primrose and her parents , but she would love the drive into the country and would happily accompany Harry since she had nothing better to do .
aubrey , she said , was committed to a lunch party with primrose and her parents , but she would love the drive into the country and would happily [come with] harry since she had nothing better to do .

That way the press will have something to photograph to accompany their stories .
that way the press will have something to photograph to [come with] their stories .

It has been pointed out that high levels of welfare accompany prosperity as cause as well as effect .
it has been pointed out that high levels of welfare [come with] prosperity as cause as well as effect .

Anthony said no work and no court for at least another week , ’ said Comfort , relieved that she would not have to accompany Julia to anything so dull .
anthony said no work and no court for at least another week , ’ said comfort , relieved that she would not have to [come with] julia to anything so dull .

It seemed very hard that she should have had to uproot herself completely while her husband could not even be bothered to accompany her on holidays to her own country .
it seemed very hard that she should have had to uproot herself completely while her husband could not even be bothered to [come with] her on holidays to her own country .

As Francis approached , there came a noise to accompany the smell — solid bodies thumping against the tin walls , then a cacophony of squeals and snorts .
as francis approached , there came a noise to [come with] the smell — solid bodies thumping against the tin walls , then a cacophony of squeals and snorts .

Deliberately buried either as ritual offerings to accompany the burial of the dead , as gifts to the gods , or else to keep objects safe , finds can also be buried as a means of disposal .
deliberately buried either as ritual offerings to [come with] the burial of the dead , as gifts to the gods , or else to keep objects safe , finds can also be buried as a means of disposal .

, published September 1949 , he produced five illustrations to accompany Marius Dick 's article , ‘ The Day of an Oxford Don ’ .
, published september 1949 , he produced five illustrations to [come with] marius dick 's article , ‘ the day of an oxford don ’ .

In 1955 Minton was asked by Ark to contribute an article on Greaves , Middleditch and Smith to accompany illustrations of their work .
in 1955 minton was asked by ark to contribute an article on greaves , middleditch and smith to [come with] illustrations of their work .

Items mentioned in the first section are at roughly the same level of difficulty as the chapter they accompany .
items mentioned in the first section are at roughly the same level of difficulty as the chapter they [come with] .

There is a new Nelson First Certificate Course to accompany the three other course titles Nelson already has for the same exam .
there is a new nelson first certificate course to [come with] the three other course titles nelson already has for the same exam .

Come and accompany me .
come and [come with] me .

‘ Surely Dotty can accompany us , ’ said St Ives .
‘ surely dotty can [come with] us , ’ said st ives .

Once , in the lunch hour , he invited her to accompany Bunny and himself to church .
once , in the lunch hour , he invited her to [come with] bunny and himself to church .

‘ Would you like me to accompany you ? ’ Harcourt asked . ‘ To the match ? ’
‘ would you like me to [come with] you ? ’ harcourt asked . ‘ to the match ? ’

It is possible to point to landmarks — the moment of ‘ quickening ’ when the mother first feels foetal movements within her ; the moment when the foetus first has potential for independent life — deemed by law to be 24 weeks from gestation ; the moment when the baby has been fully expelled or removed from the mother 's body ; the moment when the baby takes its first breath , with the anatomical changes in circulation that accompany this , and subsequent changes as the baby develops after birth which any parent will recognise .
it is possible to point to landmarks — the moment of ‘ quickening ’ when the mother first feels foetal movements within her ; the moment when the foetus first has potential for independent life — deemed by law to be 24 weeks from gestation ; the moment when the baby has been fully expelled or removed from the mother 's body ; the moment when the baby takes its first breath , with the anatomical changes in circulation that [come with] this , and subsequent changes as the baby develops after birth which any parent will recognise .

If you are intending to take out a Woolwich mortgage a copy of this report will be provided to you and will accompany our formal mortgage offer .
if you are intending to take out a woolwich mortgage a copy of this report will be provided to you and will [come with] our formal mortgage offer .

’ Some suggest the quantities of dead fish dumped overboard exceed the quantities retained , and a new rule was recently introduced stipulating that two inspectors accompany every foreign fishing vessel within Namibian waters .
’ some suggest the quantities of dead fish dumped overboard exceed the quantities retained , and a new rule was recently introduced stipulating that two inspectors [come with] every foreign fishing vessel within namibian waters .

( 7 ) Proceedings relating to matters mentioned in subsection ( 2 ) above , including voting in connection therewith , shall be held in public , but a licensing board may retire to consider its decision in any such matter and the clerk of the board shall accompany the board when it so retires unless the board otherwise directs .
( 7 ) proceedings relating to matters mentioned in subsection ( 2 ) above , including voting in connection therewith , shall be held in public , but a licensing board may retire to consider its decision in any such matter and the clerk of the board shall [come with] the board when it so retires unless the board otherwise directs .

In order to drive home the point that the messianic Spirit , the Spirit of the days of salvation , was really available to all believers , the Spirit had first of all to inspire Peter with his vision of the unclean animals in the sheet which were intended for him to eat , and then to apply that vision to a Gentile officer whose men were at that very moment waiting in the courtyard for Peter to accompany them to Cornelius so that he might receive the good news of Jesus .
in order to drive home the point that the messianic spirit , the spirit of the days of salvation , was really available to all believers , the spirit had first of all to inspire peter with his vision of the unclean animals in the sheet which were intended for him to eat , and then to apply that vision to a gentile officer whose men were at that very moment waiting in the courtyard for peter to [come with] them to cornelius so that he might receive the good news of jesus .

You are going to accompany theseus into the labyrinth to find the Minotaur .
you are going to [come with] theseus into the labyrinth to find the minotaur .

She saw Dr. Howarth run towards the stairs . Inspector Blakelock turned to accompany him , but the director said :
she saw dr. howarth run towards the stairs . inspector blakelock turned to [come with] him , but the director said :

In the extremely emotional ‘ Sestina : Lagrime d'Amante al Sepolcro dell'Amata ’ Monteverdi pours out his personal grief for the young singer Caterina Martinelli in passages of declamatory solo or duet which the other voices accompany .
in the extremely emotional ‘ sestina : lagrime d'amante al sepolcro dell'amata ’ monteverdi pours out his personal grief for the young singer caterina martinelli in passages of declamatory solo or duet which the other voices [come with] .

Pupil files contain these records together with the brief notes recorded daily by the staff , copies of termly reports , and completed conduct forms which accompany the pupils when they commence a programme of phased re-entry to school .
pupil files contain these records together with the brief notes recorded daily by the staff , copies of termly reports , and completed conduct forms which [come with] the pupils when they commence a programme of phased re-entry to school .

The principal teacher of remedial education at the school agreed to accompany Tony to the assessment centre after school in order to get the arrangement off the ground .
the principal teacher of remedial education at the school agreed to [come with] tony to the assessment centre after school in order to get the arrangement off the ground .

Bernard did not accompany her so she invited David , then studying engineering in Newton , near Carno .
bernard did not [come with] her so she invited david , then studying engineering in newton , near carno .

‘ If it worries you so much , Surgeon Chang , you might send two of your best men to accompany me on the journey home .
‘ if it worries you so much , surgeon chang , you might send two of your best men to [come with] me on the journey home .

The seed corn left to accompany the dead could sprout again — as a boy , he had heard reports of successful experiments on damp rags in the dark — the coins for the ferryman , fallen among the collapsed lips and tongueless jawbones of the discovered dead , could be buffed and brightened until the curls in the hair of Demeter , caught up in rich ropes under a garland of corn floating with ribbons , gleamed glossily again , and the Cupid on Riba 's emblematic ship , facing out to sea with his drawn bow over the whorl of the prow , stood out in silver against the duller ground .
the seed corn left to [come with] the dead could sprout again — as a boy , he had heard reports of successful experiments on damp rags in the dark — the coins for the ferryman , fallen among the collapsed lips and tongueless jawbones of the discovered dead , could be buffed and brightened until the curls in the hair of demeter , caught up in rich ropes under a garland of corn floating with ribbons , gleamed glossily again , and the cupid on riba 's emblematic ship , facing out to sea with his drawn bow over the whorl of the prow , stood out in silver against the duller ground .

He stopped in front of her , and nodded , in salute.Then , addressing her formally as if she were a grown woman , he asked to accompany her .
he stopped in front of her , and nodded , in salute.then , addressing her formally as if she were a grown woman , he asked to [come with] her .

Wood engravings can accompany type , and so once again pictures could go back on the page ; they were also very durable , so that runs of hundreds of thousands were possible .
wood engravings can [come with] type , and so once again pictures could go back on the page ; they were also very durable , so that runs of hundreds of thousands were possible .

You will accompany me of course .
you will [come with] me of course .

Accompany a brace of Humans on a journey and not touch hide nor hair nor whisker of either of them !
[come with] a brace of humans on a journey and not touch hide nor hair nor whisker of either of them !

Taliesin laughed , and Fael-Inis said , ‘ Why did you accompany Fergus and Fribble ? ’ and Taliesin glanced involuntarily to where Fergus 's body lay on the velvet-covered couch beneath the window that looked out on to the forest .
taliesin laughed , and fael-inis said , ‘ why did you [come with] fergus and fribble ? ’ and taliesin glanced involuntarily to where fergus 's body lay on the velvet-covered couch beneath the window that looked out on to the forest .

Stress , motor activity or other processes which accompany learning must not , in the absence of memory formation , result in the structural or biochemical changes .
stress , motor activity or other processes which [come with] learning must not , in the absence of memory formation , result in the structural or biochemical changes .

He seemed only mildly surprised when she asked him , in the appalling police jargon that made her cringe , to accompany her to the local police station .
he seemed only mildly surprised when she asked him , in the appalling police jargon that made her cringe , to [come with] her to the local police station .

Johnson heard bagpipes at Armadale , and a story to accompany them — of a past Macdonald aggression against a family in Culloden , whom the Macdonalds locked in their church one Sunday morning and torched , this being the tune played while the flames danced .
johnson heard bagpipes at armadale , and a story to [come with] them — of a past macdonald aggression against a family in culloden , whom the macdonalds locked in their church one sunday morning and torched , this being the tune played while the flames danced .

Boswell is the one who tells us the legend of the seahorse from the lakes who devoured a man 's daughter , and was eventually trapped by the lure of a sow on a spit ; from Boswell we learn that of the hundred-strong little army the Laird of Raasay mustered , eighty-six came back from Culloden ; Boswell chronicles the ash and plane trees , the limestone rocks , the caves and their stalactites , the black cattle , the plover , the pigeons and blackcock , the rainfall , nine months in a year , the juniper , the peat , the belief in the existence of a gold mine , and the women wawking or waulking the tweed , a tedious operation where the tweed is rubbed over and through water in order to shrink and thicken it ( in the outer Hebrides they add their own urine to the vat , although Bozzie missed that one ) , and the women sang a worksong to accompany the rhythmic labour , and did not succeed in drowning out Johnson 's deep voice as he asked them questions .
boswell is the one who tells us the legend of the seahorse from the lakes who devoured a man 's daughter , and was eventually trapped by the lure of a sow on a spit ; from boswell we learn that of the hundred-strong little army the laird of raasay mustered , eighty-six came back from culloden ; boswell chronicles the ash and plane trees , the limestone rocks , the caves and their stalactites , the black cattle , the plover , the pigeons and blackcock , the rainfall , nine months in a year , the juniper , the peat , the belief in the existence of a gold mine , and the women wawking or waulking the tweed , a tedious operation where the tweed is rubbed over and through water in order to shrink and thicken it ( in the outer hebrides they add their own urine to the vat , although bozzie missed that one ) , and the women sang a worksong to [come with] the rhythmic labour , and did not succeed in drowning out johnson 's deep voice as he asked them questions .

Melodramatic music flared on the soundtrack to accompany close-ups of a mouth — supposed to be O'Mara 's — sagging open , and of Nicola 's look of tough determination .
melodramatic music flared on the soundtrack to [come with] close-ups of a mouth — supposed to be o'mara 's — sagging open , and of nicola 's look of tough determination .

In these areas two-fifths of the national population resided in areas which he termed : Lancaston ( Manchester , Liverpool and Greater Lancashire ) , the West Riding , the South Riding ( Greater Sheffield ) , Midlandton ( Greater Birmingham ) , South Waleston , Tyne-Wear-Tees , and Clyde-Forth ; in all a ‘ New Heptarchy ’ to accompany Greater London .
in these areas two-fifths of the national population resided in areas which he termed : lancaston ( manchester , liverpool and greater lancashire ) , the west riding , the south riding ( greater sheffield ) , midlandton ( greater birmingham ) , south waleston , tyne-wear-tees , and clyde-forth ; in all a ‘ new heptarchy ’ to [come with] greater london .

When she returned to Swans ' Meadow , she found Ursula had embarked on a cold-blooded drinking bout and was reluctant to accompany her into the garden , the one venue where Charlotte felt she could safely disclose what had happened .
when she returned to swans ' meadow , she found ursula had embarked on a cold-blooded drinking bout and was reluctant to [come with] her into the garden , the one venue where charlotte felt she could safely disclose what had happened .

But accompany her she eventually did .
but [come with] her she eventually did .

Among the responsibilities that accompany academic freedom for students are the following .
among the responsibilities that [come with] academic freedom for students are the following .

During the course of the meal we 'd reduced the blighter to the proportions of a couple of pillows , not to mention disposing of portions of chicken kalija and fish pakora to start , followed by garlic chilli chicken , lamb pasanda , a single portion of pulao rice , and side dishes of Bombay potato and sag panir to accompany .
during the course of the meal we 'd reduced the blighter to the proportions of a couple of pillows , not to mention disposing of portions of chicken kalija and fish pakora to start , followed by garlic chilli chicken , lamb pasanda , a single portion of pulao rice , and side dishes of bombay potato and sag panir to [come with] .

Later , Burgess was to tell friends that he had only intended to accompany Maclean as far as Prague before returning to London .
later , burgess was to tell friends that he had only intended to [come with] maclean as far as prague before returning to london .

These appeared in a single volume in 1828 , though the text to accompany them was never published .
these appeared in a single volume in 1828 , though the text to [come with] them was never published .

From at least 1607 he also drew up plans of properties in London to accompany leases of Christ 's Hospital .
from at least 1607 he also drew up plans of properties in london to [come with] leases of christ 's hospital .

In 1595 Crosse was preparing to accompany Ralegh to Guiana when he was recalled to the navy at the queen 's specific order .
in 1595 crosse was preparing to [come with] ralegh to guiana when he was recalled to the navy at the queen 's specific order .

He resigned in 1836 to accompany Sir John Franklin [ q.v . ]
he resigned in 1836 to [come with] sir john franklin [ q.v . ]

She went on to design over 300 gardens , some in continental Europe and America , often to accompany house plans sent by Lutyens .
she went on to design over 300 gardens , some in continental europe and america , often to [come with] house plans sent by lutyens .

The final document that has to accompany the annual accounts is the auditors ' report thereon .
the final document that has to [come with] the annual accounts is the auditors ' report thereon .

Iris , who had spoken in glowing terms of the man and his ambitious undertaking , revealed that she had agreed to tutor a week 's art course for him and immediately suggested that Melissa should accompany her .
iris , who had spoken in glowing terms of the man and his ambitious undertaking , revealed that she had agreed to tutor a week 's art course for him and immediately suggested that melissa should [come with] her .

Later , changing into his dinner jacket in the executive cloakroom , Matthew wished he had thought to ask someone to accompany him to the chairman 's party .
later , changing into his dinner jacket in the executive cloakroom , matthew wished he had thought to ask someone to [come with] him to the chairman 's party .

She had not had a chance to mention it to Charlotte Hanover before their … their contretemps of the other night , and assumed that he would have the decency to realize that she would not , in any case , want him to accompany her now .
she had not had a chance to mention it to charlotte hanover before their … their contretemps of the other night , and assumed that he would have the decency to realize that she would not , in any case , want him to [come with] her now .

Much more to the point , why had n't he said he knew Charlotte Hanover when she 'd asked him to accompany her here this evening ? Though , thinking back , surely he had n't known her at that stage , had hardly known who she was . So when did he suddenly become so buddy-buddy with her ? And how ? Above all , how could he have the nerve to come here after what had happened the other night ?
much more to the point , why had n't he said he knew charlotte hanover when she 'd asked him to [come with] her here this evening ? though , thinking back , surely he had n't known her at that stage , had hardly known who she was . so when did he suddenly become so buddy-buddy with her ? and how ? above all , how could he have the nerve to come here after what had happened the other night ?

Elgar has used trombone chords with masterly effect in the slow movement of his violin concerto to accompany the solo instrument for a few bars .
elgar has used trombone chords with masterly effect in the slow movement of his violin concerto to [come with] the solo instrument for a few bars .

Transverse dunes seem to accompany areas of increased sand cover : basically they consist of wave-like forms normal to the dominant wind and are considerably smaller than the longitudinal dunes , normal dimensions quoted by Mabbutt being wave length 50–200 m ( 160–650 ft ) and height up to 10 m ( 33 ft ) .
transverse dunes seem to [come with] areas of increased sand cover : basically they consist of wave-like forms normal to the dominant wind and are considerably smaller than the longitudinal dunes , normal dimensions quoted by mabbutt being wave length 50–200 m ( 160–650 ft ) and height up to 10 m ( 33 ft ) .

Alternatively , the solicitor may accompany the client to the hearing and advise him or her orally as a McKenzie adviser in the course of the hearing .
alternatively , the solicitor may [come with] the client to the hearing and advise him or her orally as a mckenzie adviser in the course of the hearing .

‘ None of us can accompany him without arousing suspicion , ’ Murtach pointed out .
‘ none of us can [come with] him without arousing suspicion , ’ murtach pointed out .

Why not explain to us why we must perforce accompany you , and where to and suchlike , and mayhap things will be a little clearer .
why not explain to us why we must perforce [come with] you , and where to and suchlike , and mayhap things will be a little clearer .

With glum weariness , Dauntless realised that , in order to keep to his quest , he would either have to restrain Cleo physically , which the Dratslingers might prevent , or else accompany her to whatever eldritch ceremony was about to be performed .
with glum weariness , dauntless realised that , in order to keep to his quest , he would either have to restrain cleo physically , which the dratslingers might prevent , or else [come with] her to whatever eldritch ceremony was about to be performed .

There 's a final question , which is not connected to the passage : ‘ Why did the preacher select the gospel reading that we heard a moment ago to accompany this story of Elisha ?
there 's a final question , which is not connected to the passage : ‘ why did the preacher select the gospel reading that we heard a moment ago to [come with] this story of elisha ?

Workplace managers should accompany the safety representatives on these inspections and take the opportunity to assess and review security arrangements .
workplace managers should [come with] the safety representatives on these inspections and take the opportunity to assess and review security arrangements .

It was decided that a letter should accompany the syllabus at the next distribution stating where the envelopes should be returned .
it was decided that a letter should [come with] the syllabus at the next distribution stating where the envelopes should be returned .

In the early fourth century , therefore , a remarkable aptitude for the manufacture of circular designs seems to accompany a taste-presumably of clients — for Orphic themes .
in the early fourth century , therefore , a remarkable aptitude for the manufacture of circular designs seems to [come with] a taste-presumably of clients — for orphic themes .

Vocatives in general are an interesting grammatical category , again underexplored , Vocatives are noun phrases that refer to the addressee , but are not syntactically or semantically incorporated as the arguments of a predicate ; they are rather set apart prosodically from the body , of a sentence that may accompany them .
vocatives in general are an interesting grammatical category , again underexplored , vocatives are noun phrases that refer to the addressee , but are not syntactically or semantically incorporated as the arguments of a predicate ; they are rather set apart prosodically from the body , of a sentence that may [come with] them .

Although the gross changes in the brain that accompany and probably cause it can be studied after the death of the patient , the details of the disease process are just beginning to be worked out in animals by studying the microscopic structure of the brain regions that are principally involved together with their biochemistry and their neurotransmitters .
although the gross changes in the brain that [come with] and probably cause it can be studied after the death of the patient , the details of the disease process are just beginning to be worked out in animals by studying the microscopic structure of the brain regions that are principally involved together with their biochemistry and their neurotransmitters .

From a purely phenomenological point of view , the most obvious omission is a description of the various stable periodic orbits observed , together with the period-doubling windows which normally accompany them { 7 , 22,35 } .
from a purely phenomenological point of view , the most obvious omission is a description of the various stable periodic orbits observed , together with the period-doubling windows which normally [come with] them { 7 , 22,35 } .

Is Lily sad because , in contrast with the others , she had no-one to accompany her ?
is lily sad because , in contrast with the others , she had no-one to [come with] her ?

The contract will accompany a suitable letter of introduction .
the contract will [come with] a suitable letter of introduction .

The appropriate fee should either accompany the application form , or will be debited to your firm 's credit account where appropriate .
the appropriate fee should either [come with] the application form , or will be debited to your firm 's credit account where appropriate .

In most cases an order will accompany a s8 order but this is not a prerequisite .
in most cases an order will [come with] a s8 order but this is not a prerequisite .

Instruction forms should accompany the order indicating the size required , whether it is one sided or double sided and the urgency of the task .
instruction forms should [come with] the order indicating the size required , whether it is one sided or double sided and the urgency of the task .

Severe nervous signs and death appear to accompany infection of the central nervous system .
severe nervous signs and death appear to [come with] infection of the central nervous system .

In terms of resources , the school librarian and teacher need to consider whether the software needs any additional resources before it can be used effectively . Will there be a need for workcards , data recording sheets , data disks , maps , atlases , pixel pads or coloured pens to accompany the software ?
in terms of resources , the school librarian and teacher need to consider whether the software needs any additional resources before it can be used effectively . will there be a need for workcards , data recording sheets , data disks , maps , atlases , pixel pads or coloured pens to [come with] the software ?

He quite understood that there was no way she could have possibly refused to accompany Ross to New York .
he quite understood that there was no way she could have possibly refused to [come with] ross to new york .

She was well aware that it would seem thoroughly feeble — if not downright pathetic — to refuse to accompany him to New York simply because they had been separated for almost five years .
she was well aware that it would seem thoroughly feeble — if not downright pathetic — to refuse to [come with] him to new york simply because they had been separated for almost five years .

She could have declined to accompany them .
she could have declined to [come with] them .

‘ We 're right behind you , ’ called David , indicating for Rachel and Nina to accompany him and telling Greg to bring the oxygen cylinder from the ambulance .
‘ we 're right behind you , ’ called david , indicating for rachel and nina to [come with] him and telling greg to bring the oxygen cylinder from the ambulance .

Hetherington ( 1979 ) charts the common problems which accompany divorce .
hetherington ( 1979 ) charts the common problems which [come with] divorce .

She had never asked him to accompany her home .
she had never asked him to [come with] her home .

Wind players are listed separately from string players , while those who play continuo instruments and accompany singers form yet another unit .
wind players are listed separately from string players , while those who play continuo instruments and [come with] singers form yet another unit .

The woman who sang wandered over , carrying her sheets of music , and stopped to say a few words to Dr Rafaelo before going up to the little stage and setting up her recording deck to accompany her nightly concert .
the woman who sang wandered over , carrying her sheets of music , and stopped to say a few words to dr rafaelo before going up to the little stage and setting up her recording deck to [come with] her nightly concert .

‘ Will you agree to accompany me ? ’ Damian asked abruptly .
‘ will you agree to [come with] me ? ’ damian asked abruptly .

Tomorrow , she promised — not of course that Ven was likely to want to accompany her anywhere for a third day in a row — but tomorrow she would insist on going sightseeing on her own .
tomorrow , she promised — not of course that ven was likely to want to [come with] her anywhere for a third day in a row — but tomorrow she would insist on going sightseeing on her own .

It was a highly coveted position and , thrilled with it and with himself , he had suggested Ashley should accompany him to a test day .
it was a highly coveted position and , thrilled with it and with himself , he had suggested ashley should [come with] him to a test day .

Ashley waited to be told which of them she was to accompany , but the numbers dwindled and nothing was said .
ashley waited to be told which of them she was to [come with] , but the numbers dwindled and nothing was said .

Equal care must be taken with the knowledge systems that accompany such software .
equal care must be taken with the knowledge systems that [come with] such software .

Lucas maintains that , in an economy in which all nominal prices are rising , workers face a twofold ‘ signal extraction ’ problem ( see Sheffrin , 1983 ) : ( a ) ascertaining whether the real supply price of labour is changing when all other prices are in a state of flux ; ( b ) evaluating the temporary and permanent components of a change in real wages which , in the light of ( a ) , may accompany across the board changes in prices .
lucas maintains that , in an economy in which all nominal prices are rising , workers face a twofold ‘ signal extraction ’ problem ( see sheffrin , 1983 ) : ( a ) ascertaining whether the real supply price of labour is changing when all other prices are in a state of flux ; ( b ) evaluating the temporary and permanent components of a change in real wages which , in the light of ( a ) , may [come with] across the board changes in prices .

An application for a declaration can accompany any of the
an application for a declaration can [come with] any of the

During the First World War ( 1914-1918 ) , socialists within the Labour party argued the case for the conscription of wealth ( public ownership ) to accompany the conscription of labor ( the drafting of men into the armed forces ) .
during the first world war ( 1914-1918 ) , socialists within the labour party argued the case for the conscription of wealth ( public ownership ) to [come with] the conscription of labor ( the drafting of men into the armed forces ) .

Enter climber-turned-platform-builder Mark Cole ( opposite ) , who would shin up the chosen tree , attach a climbing rope , and then accompany Mike on each subsequent climb .
enter climber-turned-platform-builder mark cole ( opposite ) , who would shin up the chosen tree , attach a climbing rope , and then [come with] mike on each subsequent climb .

He will guide and accompany them wherever they go — and they will know that he is no local deity whose power is limited to Sinai .
he will guide and [come with] them wherever they go — and they will know that he is no local deity whose power is limited to sinai .

On hearing of his death Viscount Aimar and Geoffrey de Lusignan left Limoges in order to accompany his body as far as Grandmont .
on hearing of his death viscount aimar and geoffrey de lusignan left limoges in order to [come with] his body as far as grandmont .

The adult will usually accompany these questions by various manipulations of the materials .
the adult will usually [come with] these questions by various manipulations of the materials .

He had become the representative voice of the nation under threat , and in the early months of 1940 he wrote a patriotic poem , `` Defence of the Islands `` , to accompany an exhibition of British war photographs at the New York World 's Fair .
he had become the representative voice of the nation under threat , and in the early months of 1940 he wrote a patriotic poem , `` defence of the islands `` , to [come with] an exhibition of british war photographs at the new york world 's fair .

She did not share Baldwin 's intellectual or aesthetic tastes , and she did not accompany him on the long walks which were a staple part of his recreation in Worcestershire or at Aix .
she did not share baldwin 's intellectual or aesthetic tastes , and she did not [come with] him on the long walks which were a staple part of his recreation in worcestershire or at aix .

And on the penultimate day , emboldened by previous truancies , forays and excursions , she tried to persuade one of her friends to take the evening off from Le Bourgeois Gentilhomme , and accompany her .
and on the penultimate day , emboldened by previous truancies , forays and excursions , she tried to persuade one of her friends to take the evening off from le bourgeois gentilhomme , and [come with] her .

The depressions which accompany the menopause for many women and those which afflict some men in middle life militate against enjoyment generally and often result in a generally sour view of society as a whole .
the depressions which [come with] the menopause for many women and those which afflict some men in middle life militate against enjoyment generally and often result in a generally sour view of society as a whole .

Although femininity in a man or masculinity in a woman may accompany homosexuality rather than heterosexuality ( and it is doubtful whether we can be sure on this point ) , the homosexual man or woman can occupy any point on the masculine-feminine scale , just as may the heterosexual individual .
although femininity in a man or masculinity in a woman may [come with] homosexuality rather than heterosexuality ( and it is doubtful whether we can be sure on this point ) , the homosexual man or woman can occupy any point on the masculine-feminine scale , just as may the heterosexual individual .

The only activity Gerald had forbidden her was the embroidery of tapestry , which he had declared too menial an occupation for a young lady of her intelligence , preferring her to accompany him on his visits to neighbouring landlords as she had done that day .
the only activity gerald had forbidden her was the embroidery of tapestry , which he had declared too menial an occupation for a young lady of her intelligence , preferring her to [come with] him on his visits to neighbouring landlords as she had done that day .

He indicated to her to accompany him along the quay , where a litter awaited .
he indicated to her to [come with] him along the quay , where a litter awaited .

While the preparations went ahead , Maria Teresa chattered about who was there and who was n't , of the rumours about the King 's plans to lead an expedition to Morocco and whether her brother would be chosen to accompany him as a gentleman adventurer .
while the preparations went ahead , maria teresa chattered about who was there and who was n't , of the rumours about the king 's plans to lead an expedition to morocco and whether her brother would be chosen to [come with] him as a gentleman adventurer .

To accompany the auditory imagery of verbs , the adjectives bring visual imagery , particularly of colour ( 10 ) : red , scarlet , and pink contrast vividly with black , tarred , and ashy , bringing into relief small signs of light or life against the drab and blighted background .
to [come with] the auditory imagery of verbs , the adjectives bring visual imagery , particularly of colour ( 10 ) : red , scarlet , and pink contrast vividly with black , tarred , and ashy , bringing into relief small signs of light or life against the drab and blighted background .

To accompany the exhibition the university 's History of Art department are arranging a conference on 27 November on the topic of ‘ Drawing conclusions on value and meaning : America , Europe , China ’ .
to [come with] the exhibition the university 's history of art department are arranging a conference on 27 november on the topic of ‘ drawing conclusions on value and meaning : america , europe , china ’ .

The quite excellent British Museum Press , which is managing to produce some twenty scholarly titles this season , from books to accompany exhibitions to detailed descriptions of archaeological digs , has profited from the private entertainment of its former director , Sir David Wilson , to produce a delightful book of funerary inscriptions gathered by him from all over the British Isles and America .
the quite excellent british museum press , which is managing to produce some twenty scholarly titles this season , from books to [come with] exhibitions to detailed descriptions of archaeological digs , has profited from the private entertainment of its former director , sir david wilson , to produce a delightful book of funerary inscriptions gathered by him from all over the british isles and america .

With the aid of the National Heritage Memorial Fund and the National Art Collections Fund , the National Portrait Gallery has bought three distinguished portraits of important British sitters in the first half of this year : Robert Walker 's ‘ John Evelyn ’ of 1648 shows the famous diarist with his hand resting upon a skull and it was painted as a wedding portrait for his wife , to accompany a treatise on matrimony .
with the aid of the national heritage memorial fund and the national art collections fund , the national portrait gallery has bought three distinguished portraits of important british sitters in the first half of this year : robert walker 's ‘ john evelyn ’ of 1648 shows the famous diarist with his hand resting upon a skull and it was painted as a wedding portrait for his wife , to [come with] a treatise on matrimony .

Book to accompany an exhibition at London 's South Bank Centre 3 November to 6 December .
book to [come with] an exhibition at london 's south bank centre 3 november to 6 december .

Therapist : ‘ Now we have looked at the physical symptoms and the thoughts that accompany them , let's now look at how anxiety effects your behaviour . How do you think your behaviour has changed recently ? … More specifically , do you find yourself avoiding things you used to do ? ’
therapist : ‘ now we have looked at the physical symptoms and the thoughts that [come with] them , let's now look at how anxiety effects your behaviour . how do you think your behaviour has changed recently ? … more specifically , do you find yourself avoiding things you used to do ? ’

Increased ability to concentrate and to make decisions has been shown to accompany the fit person .
increased ability to concentrate and to make decisions has been shown to [come with] the fit person .

An undated ducal warrant survives ordering William Fitzwilliam of Sprotborough to meet Gloucester at Doncaster with eight horses and accompany him to London .
an undated ducal warrant survives ordering william fitzwilliam of sprotborough to meet gloucester at doncaster with eight horses and [come with] him to london .

Anxiety over this question surfaced almost immediately in a dispute about the size of retinue to accompany the king from Ludlow to his coronation .
anxiety over this question surfaced almost immediately in a dispute about the size of retinue to [come with] the king from ludlow to his coronation .

Moreover , most attention was paid not to the conditions of work as such but to the moral and spiritual degradation said to accompany female employment .
moreover , most attention was paid not to the conditions of work as such but to the moral and spiritual degradation said to [come with] female employment .

These are generally used when speed is of the essence , but you may be called upon to give an oral report to accompany a written one .
these are generally used when speed is of the essence , but you may be called upon to give an oral report to [come with] a written one .

The government faced mounting problems in enforcing the service obligations which were supposed to accompany landownership .
the government faced mounting problems in enforcing the service obligations which were supposed to [come with] landownership .

Company commitment and the willingness to remain with the same firm for long periods may therefore be underpinned by the prospect of heavy sacrifices that accompany the alternatives .
company commitment and the willingness to remain with the same firm for long periods may therefore be underpinned by the prospect of heavy sacrifices that [come with] the alternatives .

But his secretiveness extended to not even telling them that , and they had to be content to accompany him as he turned left at the foot of the steps that led up to the station entrance and headed for the quays .
but his secretiveness extended to not even telling them that , and they had to be content to [come with] him as he turned left at the foot of the steps that led up to the station entrance and headed for the quays .

If a fuller search is deemed necessary , it must be done in a suitable place by an officer of the same sex and unless the suspect consents to accompany the officer , he must first be arrested .
if a fuller search is deemed necessary , it must be done in a suitable place by an officer of the same sex and unless the suspect consents to [come with] the officer , he must first be arrested .

Intransigent as always , she had refused to allow either her maid or a groom to accompany her .
intransigent as always , she had refused to allow either her maid or a groom to [come with] her .

If a fluid balance chart is in use it will be continued until the patient goes to theatre and will be one of the documents which accompany him .
if a fluid balance chart is in use it will be continued until the patient goes to theatre and will be one of the documents which [come with] him .

Schools are given the same written guidelines as in the Major Project , but it is made clear that only a short proposal document is required to accompany the school 's spending plan .
schools are given the same written guidelines as in the major project , but it is made clear that only a short proposal document is required to [come with] the school 's spending plan .

Christine and Tony had decided to look for a girl of about 2 , since they felt a baby would be too much to cope with and a 2- year-old could accompany Christine to nursery school .
christine and tony had decided to look for a girl of about 2 , since they felt a baby would be too much to cope with and a 2- year-old could [come with] christine to nursery school .

broccoli and cherry tomatoes to accompany
broccoli and cherry tomatoes to [come with]

lemon mayonnaise to accompany
lemon mayonnaise to [come with]

sweet cinnamon cream to accompany
sweet cinnamon cream to [come with]

brandy to accompany ( optional )
brandy to [come with] ( optional )

mixed green salad to accompany
mixed green salad to [come with]

Anna went down the road to post her letter , for she had written a letter to accompany the cheque , in which she reiterated her sorrow about the death of the cat and added that if there was anything she could do , Miss Jakob had only to let her know .
anna went down the road to post her letter , for she had written a letter to [come with] the cheque , in which she reiterated her sorrow about the death of the cat and added that if there was anything she could do , miss jakob had only to let her know .

The emphasis is thus on the command structures found in private industry or commerce , where corporate techniques developed , rather than on the popular involvement and bargaining that should accompany democratic processes of public policy-making .
the emphasis is thus on the command structures found in private industry or commerce , where corporate techniques developed , rather than on the popular involvement and bargaining that should [come with] democratic processes of public policy-making .

‘ Can You Shake ’ is pure sixties melody with the inevitable jangling guitars and wah-wah- wahs but somehow it manages to dodge all the worst cliches that usually accompany this sort of workout .
‘ can you shake ’ is pure sixties melody with the inevitable jangling guitars and wah-wah- wahs but somehow it manages to dodge all the worst cliches that usually [come with] this sort of workout .

On other occasions , high-pitched tones or crackling noises accompany his healing .
on other occasions , high-pitched tones or crackling noises [come with] his healing .

Crackling noises accompany his healing ; fragrant oil is produced from his hands
crackling noises [come with] his healing ; fragrant oil is produced from his hands

The hotel boasts a fine à la carte restaurant ( remember to order ‘ Bopparder Hamm ’ to accompany the fine food ) , popular hotel bar and beer kellar , and a swimming pool ideal for those early morning dips .
the hotel boasts a fine à la carte restaurant ( remember to order ‘ bopparder hamm ’ to [come with] the fine food ) , popular hotel bar and beer kellar , and a swimming pool ideal for those early morning dips .

The quartet carries an instrumental arsenal which gives it the necessary weight to produce the ominous , bass-heavy sounds that accompany Max Schreck 's marvellously decrepit , zombie-like portrayal of Count Dracula .
the quartet carries an instrumental arsenal which gives it the necessary weight to produce the ominous , bass-heavy sounds that [come with] max schreck 's marvellously decrepit , zombie-like portrayal of count dracula .

She remembered their birthdays , sent notes of apology to their wives when they had to accompany her on an overseas tours and ensured that they were ‘ fed and watered ’ when she went out with them from Kensington Palace .
she remembered their birthdays , sent notes of apology to their wives when they had to [come with] her on an overseas tours and ensured that they were ‘ fed and watered ’ when she went out with them from kensington palace .

The fertile volcanic soil of the lower slopes of Mount Etna produce delicious inexpensive red and white wines which can accompany any type of meal and to finish , try a glass of sweet dessert wine Marsala or Mavasia from the island of Lipari .
the fertile volcanic soil of the lower slopes of mount etna produce delicious inexpensive red and white wines which can [come with] any type of meal and to finish , try a glass of sweet dessert wine marsala or mavasia from the island of lipari .

The tensions generated by this process ( and by the kinds of activity , personal and political , which accompany it ) have philosophical consequences , both concerning which concepts seem problematic , and also what is problematic about them .
the tensions generated by this process ( and by the kinds of activity , personal and political , which [come with] it ) have philosophical consequences , both concerning which concepts seem problematic , and also what is problematic about them .

Furthermore … in an individual 's experience the acquisition of rites and beliefs precedes the emotions which are said to accompany them later in adult life .
furthermore … in an individual 's experience the acquisition of rites and beliefs precedes the emotions which are said to [come with] them later in adult life .

For the walker , Sprayway now have a Lady Spectrum in their lightweight Skylab Gore-Tex to accompany their men 's jacket .
for the walker , sprayway now have a lady spectrum in their lightweight skylab gore-tex to [come with] their men 's jacket .

Raleigh International ( formerly Operation Raleigh ) is looking for a number of fine artists to accompany its three month expeditions during 1993 to some of the most remote and beautiful parts of the world .
raleigh international ( formerly operation raleigh ) is looking for a number of fine artists to [come with] its three month expeditions during 1993 to some of the most remote and beautiful parts of the world .

‘ Accepting it , the Chief Executive said he would like to accompany the next party from Hunterston visiting the Ukraine . ’
‘ accepting it , the chief executive said he would like to [come with] the next party from hunterston visiting the ukraine . ’

Also organized to accompany the exhibition were story-telling sessions for both children and adults .
also organized to [come with] the exhibition were story-telling sessions for both children and adults .

If a relative has to travel abroad to accompany a sick or injured Insured Person home and the additional expenses claim includes the Travel Insurance premium of that relative , this may be accepted as part of the Travel and Accommodation Expenses .
if a relative has to travel abroad to [come with] a sick or injured insured person home and the additional expenses claim includes the travel insurance premium of that relative , this may be accepted as part of the travel and accommodation expenses .

They felt a note of activities just for parents would be useful , like coffee mornings and discussions groups , making it plain if and when pre-nursery age children were welcome to accompany the parent .
they felt a note of activities just for parents would be useful , like coffee mornings and discussions groups , making it plain if and when pre-nursery age children were welcome to [come with] the parent .

The unique recording represents a ‘ first ’ , both in terms of the music ( which has never been recorded before ) and in the use of the clarsach to accompany the voices , as it is believed the Scottish monks would have done .
the unique recording represents a ‘ first ’ , both in terms of the music ( which has never been recorded before ) and in the use of the clarsach to [come with] the voices , as it is believed the scottish monks would have done .

There are rules prohibiting sale of alcoholic drinks ti , or for , young people under 18 years of age , but different rules apply to the sale of beer , cider , etc , to accompany a meal for a young person aged 16 or 17 .
there are rules prohibiting sale of alcoholic drinks ti , or for , young people under 18 years of age , but different rules apply to the sale of beer , cider , etc , to [come with] a meal for a young person aged 16 or 17 .

It was decided that a letter should accompany the syllabus at the next distribution stating where the envelopes should be returned .
it was decided that a letter should [come with] the syllabus at the next distribution stating where the envelopes should be returned .

‘ She is here to accompany her uncle .
‘ she is here to [come with] her uncle .

Glastonbury appeared to be warning his friend to stay well away from the boiled onions that would accompany the mutton at dinner .
glastonbury appeared to be warning his friend to stay well away from the boiled onions that would [come with] the mutton at dinner .

Midge , who had cancelled none of her engagements , asked Patrick if he would accompany her in Stevie 's place .
midge , who had cancelled none of her engagements , asked patrick if he would [come with] her in stevie 's place .

Those who have investigated the factors that seem to accompany economic growth and development in the second half of the twentieth century have often looked to the historical experiences of the contemporary advanced industrial societies for clues , and they have generally found that patterns of foreign trade are very important .
those who have investigated the factors that seem to [come with] economic growth and development in the second half of the twentieth century have often looked to the historical experiences of the contemporary advanced industrial societies for clues , and they have generally found that patterns of foreign trade are very important .

An undated ducal warrant survives ordering William Fitzwilliam of Sprotborough to meet Gloucester at Doncaster with eight horses and accompany him to London .
an undated ducal warrant survives ordering william fitzwilliam of sprotborough to meet gloucester at doncaster with eight horses and [come with] him to london .

Anxiety over this question surfaced almost immediately in a dispute about the size of retinue to accompany the king from Ludlow to his coronation .
anxiety over this question surfaced almost immediately in a dispute about the size of retinue to [come with] the king from ludlow to his coronation .

The Anonimalle Chronicle states that the Kentish rebels commanded those living within 12 leagues of the sea not to accompany the rebel army , but to stay at home to keep the coast free from enemies ( 11 , pp.126–7 , 330–1 ) .
the anonimalle chronicle states that the kentish rebels commanded those living within 12 leagues of the sea not to [come with] the rebel army , but to stay at home to keep the coast free from enemies ( 11 , pp.126–7 , 330–1 ) .

The front runner has long seemed to be head injury , in which a microdialysis probe might readily accompany a pressure monitor and provide a guide to metabolic state .
the front runner has long seemed to be head injury , in which a microdialysis probe might readily [come with] a pressure monitor and provide a guide to metabolic state .

Meanwhile Eddie Stratton was to enthuse about a quick stroll around the centre of Oxford before it got too dark , and an invitation to accompany him was accepted by Mrs Brown , a woman with whom he 'd become friendly on the tour , and who probably felt a little flattered to be asked .
meanwhile eddie stratton was to enthuse about a quick stroll around the centre of oxford before it got too dark , and an invitation to [come with] him was accepted by mrs brown , a woman with whom he 'd become friendly on the tour , and who probably felt a little flattered to be asked .

Enthalpy changes also accompany the transformation of one allotrope to another ( see section 3.2 ) and the process of isomerisation ( see section 17.1 ) .
enthalpy changes also [come with] the transformation of one allotrope to another ( see section 3.2 ) and the process of isomerisation ( see section 17.1 ) .

This type of calorimeter is used to determine the energy changes that accompany chemical reactions such as combustion .
this type of calorimeter is used to determine the energy changes that [come with] chemical reactions such as combustion .

This statement is drawn up from information contained in the profit and loss account , the balance sheet , and notes on accounts which accompany full , published accounts .
this statement is drawn up from information contained in the profit and loss account , the balance sheet , and notes on accounts which [come with] full , published accounts .

This may be requested to accompany each tender submitted .
this may be requested to [come with] each tender submitted .

The fallacy that by using drama as a learning medium we necessarily dilute the drama is exposed by the fact that drama itself is usually greatly enhanced by the work that can accompany it in other curriculum areas .
the fallacy that by using drama as a learning medium we necessarily dilute the drama is exposed by the fact that drama itself is usually greatly enhanced by the work that can [come with] it in other curriculum areas .

In Gregory 's account , Chlodomer , before setting off to Vézeronce , asked his half-brother , Theuderic , to accompany him , and the latter agreed ; but when Childebert and Chlothar asked him to join them at the time of their later campaign against the Burgundian kingdom , he refused .
in gregory 's account , chlodomer , before setting off to vézeronce , asked his half-brother , theuderic , to [come with] him , and the latter agreed ; but when childebert and chlothar asked him to join them at the time of their later campaign against the burgundian kingdom , he refused .

Families of serfs were forced by Chilperic to accompany the princess ; some hanged themselves to avoid going ; people of good birth were also expected to make the journey , and then to stay in Spain ; as a result they made their wills , reckoning themselves to be as good as dead .
families of serfs were forced by chilperic to [come with] the princess ; some hanged themselves to avoid going ; people of good birth were also expected to make the journey , and then to stay in spain ; as a result they made their wills , reckoning themselves to be as good as dead .

Callières urged that young Frenchmen , if they could not meet the cost themselves , should be able to see other countries as members of the entourages of French ambassadors or envoys `` according to the practice of the Spaniards and Italians who look upon it as an honour for them to accompany the ministers of their master in these sorts of voyages `` .
callières urged that young frenchmen , if they could not meet the cost themselves , should be able to see other countries as members of the entourages of french ambassadors or envoys `` according to the practice of the spaniards and italians who look upon it as an honour for them to [come with] the ministers of their master in these sorts of voyages `` .

Fenton moved forward , signalling to four of Larsen 's burly mates to accompany him .
fenton moved forward , signalling to four of larsen 's burly mates to [come with] him .

Retaining only a dozen men to accompany the vehicles when they entered the grounds , he divided the remainder into two parties and dispatched them to cover the area north of the perimeter fence .
retaining only a dozen men to [come with] the vehicles when they entered the grounds , he divided the remainder into two parties and dispatched them to cover the area north of the perimeter fence .

With the loss of Kali and Hades , now only Baal and Set remained to accompany the big , black lead dog , Satan .
with the loss of kali and hades , now only baal and set remained to [come with] the big , black lead dog , satan .

The Ordnance Survey Memoirs are unique sources of information on 19th century Ireland being parish accounts written to accompany the Ordnance Survey Maps .
the ordnance survey memoirs are unique sources of information on 19th century ireland being parish accounts written to [come with] the ordnance survey maps .

It is the intention of this research to explore the issues surrounding the decision to develop software and to understand the marketing decisions ( if any ) that accompany software development .
it is the intention of this research to explore the issues surrounding the decision to develop software and to understand the marketing decisions ( if any ) that [come with] software development .

The Irish Ordnance Survey Memoirs are descriptions of the northern half of Ireland , written to accompany the first Ordnance Survey maps between 1830 and 1840 .
the irish ordnance survey memoirs are descriptions of the northern half of ireland , written to [come with] the first ordnance survey maps between 1830 and 1840 .

There were no arrangements for the Press to accompany him on his tour , journalists were told .
there were no arrangements for the press to [come with] him on his tour , journalists were told .

Tristan 's arrival had prevented her and she would never have found the right words to accompany the gift in any case .
tristan 's arrival had prevented her and she would never have found the right words to [come with] the gift in any case .

The older ones took turns to accompany their father , then it was all hands on deck getting breakfast and everyone ready for ten o'clock Sunday School .
the older ones took turns to [come with] their father , then it was all hands on deck getting breakfast and everyone ready for ten o'clock sunday school .

The daughter of a Norwegian couple , Elizabeth , would often accompany her , and was obviously taking note .
the daughter of a norwegian couple , elizabeth , would often [come with] her , and was obviously taking note .

Godard 's intention had been to accompany the reading with its author descending stairs , naked , in order to confront the viewer , it was assumed , with the contrast between argument , theory , and the sexual objectification of women .
godard 's intention had been to [come with] the reading with its author descending stairs , naked , in order to confront the viewer , it was assumed , with the contrast between argument , theory , and the sexual objectification of women .

Ianthe did not think of asking John to accompany her , because it was difficult to imagine him in a church .
ianthe did not think of asking john to [come with] her , because it was difficult to imagine him in a church .

‘ Yah , ’ said Rincewind , wearily . ‘ Why do n't we get Hrun to accompany us to Quirm ? ’
‘ yah , ’ said rincewind , wearily . ‘ why do n't we get hrun to [come with] us to quirm ? ’

The writer Cynthia Fuller produced poems to accompany the paintings and the gallery organised lectures and accompanied tours around the exhibition .
the writer cynthia fuller produced poems to [come with] the paintings and the gallery organised lectures and accompanied tours around the exhibition .

On those occasions when June was unable to accompany him to a meeting or activity , David would always ensure that she and Judith were alright and never failed to keep in touch .
on those occasions when june was unable to [come with] him to a meeting or activity , david would always ensure that she and judith were alright and never failed to keep in touch .

The friends accompany me to the jetty .
the friends [come with] me to the jetty .

He has chosen colleague Jo Lynch to accompany him .
he has chosen colleague jo lynch to [come with] him .

At best , limited speech synthesis and a few simple graphics can be offered to accompany the essentially textual databases .
at best , limited speech synthesis and a few simple graphics can be offered to [come with] the essentially textual databases .

Frank was successful in getting the job and was given a company car , an old Morris Minor , omitting to say that he was still learning to drive and wife Betty would always have to accompany him .
frank was successful in getting the job and was given a company car , an old morris minor , omitting to say that he was still learning to drive and wife betty would always have to [come with] him .

Gould 's arrangements for his own children were meticulously considered , which must have been of some consolation to his wife , who had dutifully resolved to accompany her husband to Australia .
gould 's arrangements for his own children were meticulously considered , which must have been of some consolation to his wife , who had dutifully resolved to [come with] her husband to australia .

He is now out and as soon as he returns is to accompany Lady Franklin and her party in a vessel round the island as far as Port Davey and Macquarie Harbour , which you may easily see on the map .
he is now out and as soon as he returns is to [come with] lady franklin and her party in a vessel round the island as far as port davey and macquarie harbour , which you may easily see on the map .

Maisie particularly enjoyed being spanked with a hairbrush , and liked to accompany this activity with a series of clear , confident expressions of her need to be disciplined .
maisie particularly enjoyed being spanked with a hairbrush , and liked to [come with] this activity with a series of clear , confident expressions of her need to be disciplined .

The response could accompany normal wage times as well as those of high wages .
the response could [come with] normal wage times as well as those of high wages .

As a man of honour he had little alternative but to accompany his friend to America .
as a man of honour he had little alternative but to [come with] his friend to america .

Araminta had been driven to the celebrations in the gig by Adam Diggory , scorning Benedict 's escort , and Mrs Diggory had been permitted to accompany them so that she might visit her mother , who lived on the Switham estates .
araminta had been driven to the celebrations in the gig by adam diggory , scorning benedict 's escort , and mrs diggory had been permitted to [come with] them so that she might visit her mother , who lived on the switham estates .

For many years the production of a lexicon to accompany a parsing system was viewed as a tedious task and most systems provided only illustrative lexicons , containing at most a few hundred words .
for many years the production of a lexicon to [come with] a parsing system was viewed as a tedious task and most systems provided only illustrative lexicons , containing at most a few hundred words .

When they returned to the house , Terry tried to persuade her to accompany her to visit one of her girlfriends , for a sort of hen night , she supposed , but Ellie pleaded tiredness and went up to her room , and that , except for a brief trip to the kitchen for something to eat , was where she stayed .
when they returned to the house , terry tried to persuade her to [come with] her to visit one of her girlfriends , for a sort of hen night , she supposed , but ellie pleaded tiredness and went up to her room , and that , except for a brief trip to the kitchen for something to eat , was where she stayed .

Standing at the window in the small front lounge , where a buffet had been laid out for those guests arriving late , or for people who were still hungry , she saw Feargal accompany Phena , and the man who had been her constant companion at the wedding , walk down the path .
standing at the window in the small front lounge , where a buffet had been laid out for those guests arriving late , or for people who were still hungry , she saw feargal [come with] phena , and the man who had been her constant companion at the wedding , walk down the path .

Matey might not work so hard as McAllister did , or perform such menial tasks , like scrubbing the kitchen floor and whitening the front doorstep — which was next on McAllister 's list of duties — but she did her share and was never idle , even in her spare time — hence her membership of the ladies ' sewing circle and her encouragement of her housemaid , McAllister , to accompany her to it .
matey might not work so hard as mcallister did , or perform such menial tasks , like scrubbing the kitchen floor and whitening the front doorstep — which was next on mcallister 's list of duties — but she did her share and was never idle , even in her spare time — hence her membership of the ladies ' sewing circle and her encouragement of her housemaid , mcallister , to [come with] her to it .

She had not at all looked forward to being a débutante and wearing fancy women 's clothes , and not being allowed to climb trees , and accompany Papa , who always , said her mama despairingly , let her do exactly as she pleased .
she had not at all looked forward to being a débutante and wearing fancy women 's clothes , and not being allowed to climb trees , and [come with] papa , who always , said her mama despairingly , let her do exactly as she pleased .

McAllister could not but agree with him , and had to stifle a grin as he led them around , the women staring , and the men , manifestly bored , dragged along to accompany wives and girlfriends who would , that night , describe their visit to the East End in terms that would do justice to a journey up the Amazon .
mcallister could not but agree with him , and had to stifle a grin as he led them around , the women staring , and the men , manifestly bored , dragged along to [come with] wives and girlfriends who would , that night , describe their visit to the east end in terms that would do justice to a journey up the amazon .

We must look carefully at environmental statements which accompany orders flowing from the legislation .
we must look carefully at environmental statements which [come with] orders flowing from the legislation .

The first is that the British coal industry will be decimated in the near future ; the second is that the present Conservative Government are actively working to achieve such a decline , together with the substantial job losses that accompany pit closures .
the first is that the british coal industry will be decimated in the near future ; the second is that the present conservative government are actively working to achieve such a decline , together with the substantial job losses that [come with] pit closures .

Doctor Cheatle was preparing for bed , but he agreed to accompany Seb immediately .
doctor cheatle was preparing for bed , but he agreed to [come with] seb immediately .

Although the ostler 's evening meal was almost ready to be served , the Burford constable asked him to accompany him to Handley Farm , where he was going to talk to Seb , and the two men walked along the road deep in conversation .
although the ostler 's evening meal was almost ready to be served , the burford constable asked him to [come with] him to handley farm , where he was going to talk to seb , and the two men walked along the road deep in conversation .

She had no wish for Doreen to accompany them during this rare opportunity to be alone with Silas ; then she sighed with relief as his next words rang like bells in her ears .
she had no wish for doreen to [come with] them during this rare opportunity to be alone with silas ; then she sighed with relief as his next words rang like bells in her ears .

Yesterday Silas had assured her he would not be taking her to town — yet here she was , smartly dressed and ready to accompany them .
yesterday silas had assured her he would not be taking her to town — yet here she was , smartly dressed and ready to [come with] them .

Is the Secretary of State aware that we welcome the fact — however small the step may be — that , with the approval of the Scottish Office , representatives of Scottish Enterprise will accompany my hon .
is the secretary of state aware that we welcome the fact — however small the step may be — that , with the approval of the scottish office , representatives of scottish enterprise will [come with] my hon .

There is no need for the Bill and for the hours of debate that will accompany it .
there is no need for the bill and for the hours of debate that will [come with] it .

The Bill and the rules that will accompany it are essentially practical .
the bill and the rules that will [come with] it are essentially practical .

Gentleman aware that environmental assessments , or statements , that accompany private or hybrid Bills may take two forms ?
gentleman aware that environmental assessments , or statements , that [come with] private or hybrid bills may take two forms ?

The bitch was wary of her advances and , though she condescended to pick at the food Robbie put down for her , she refused to leave the small cabin even to accompany the Labrador for an evening walk .
the bitch was wary of her advances and , though she condescended to pick at the food robbie put down for her , she refused to leave the small cabin even to [come with] the labrador for an evening walk .

To do so it is necessary to examine the origins of our literary expectations which so frequently assume that the best literary experience deals with individuals capable of making moral distinctions and to question the pejorative critical formulations which tend to accompany assessments of characters as vehicles for ideas : caricature , static , incompletely realised , and so on .
to do so it is necessary to examine the origins of our literary expectations which so frequently assume that the best literary experience deals with individuals capable of making moral distinctions and to question the pejorative critical formulations which tend to [come with] assessments of characters as vehicles for ideas : caricature , static , incompletely realised , and so on .

Her choice made , she went back for vegetables to accompany it , recklessly adding a demi-kilo of the huge firm-fleshed tomatoes , as well as nectarines , oranges and a punnet of strawberries to her collection .
her choice made , she went back for vegetables to [come with] it , recklessly adding a demi-kilo of the huge firm-fleshed tomatoes , as well as nectarines , oranges and a punnet of strawberries to her collection .

She 'd imagined the woman would have wanted to accompany Héloise de Rochefort to the private and expensive clinic in Switzerland where she was having treatment for her nerves .
she 'd imagined the woman would have wanted to [come with] héloise de rochefort to the private and expensive clinic in switzerland where she was having treatment for her nerves .

Her brother is despatched to accompany her to the police headquarters .
her brother is despatched to [come with] her to the police headquarters .

On the Saturday evening , Luke said abruptly , ‘ This Hawaiian project , Maria ? Are you planning to accompany Jones ? ’
on the saturday evening , luke said abruptly , ‘ this hawaiian project , maria ? are you planning to [come with] jones ? ’

‘ You may accompany us , ’ Benjamin added softly .
‘ you may [come with] us , ’ benjamin added softly .

The final problem is that various energy-loss processes may accompany or follow the photoionization event , reducing the energy of the ejected electron .
the final problem is that various energy-loss processes may [come with] or follow the photoionization event , reducing the energy of the ejected electron .

Corbett agreed , telling Ranulf to accompany her whilst he stabled their horses at The Bull .
corbett agreed , telling ranulf to [come with] her whilst he stabled their horses at the bull .

‘ In which case , Sister , there is no further need for you to accompany us .
‘ in which case , sister , there is no further need for you to [come with] us .

You struck up an acquaintance , your offer to accompany them being gratefully accepted .
you struck up an acquaintance , your offer to [come with] them being gratefully accepted .

‘ My orders , little friar , are that you are to accompany me into Cheapside to a tavern called the Bear and Ragged Staff . You have heard of it ? ’
‘ my orders , little friar , are that you are to [come with] me into cheapside to a tavern called the bear and ragged staff . you have heard of it ? ’

Idly , he wondered if the widow would accompany him .
idly , he wondered if the widow would [come with] him .

He hoped that only one of them would accompany Taheb and himself to the door , and he hoped that person would be Nephthys .
he hoped that only one of them would [come with] taheb and himself to the door , and he hoped that person would be nephthys .

Her hand was reaching for her bag when the other woman asked her , in her delightfully broken English , to accompany her to a boutique across the road and give her an opinion on a dress she wanted to buy .
her hand was reaching for her bag when the other woman asked her , in her delightfully broken english , to [come with] her to a boutique across the road and give her an opinion on a dress she wanted to buy .

She did n't want to accompany Nicole anywhere , and she doubted whether the other woman really needed any advice from her on clothes anyway .
she did n't want to [come with] nicole anywhere , and she doubted whether the other woman really needed any advice from her on clothes anyway .

Claudia lost her breath ; this was intolerable — not only had she been forced to accompany him on a wild chase after Garry Turner , but she was being subjected to what amounted to sexual harassment .
claudia lost her breath ; this was intolerable — not only had she been forced to [come with] him on a wild chase after garry turner , but she was being subjected to what amounted to sexual harassment .

You better accompany me off the main street .
you better [come with] me off the main street .

She let him accompany her into the small lounge where the set was kept in segregation from the vocal and gregarious fishermen , and settle her in a comfortable chair , cheek by jowl with a single elderly lady , who seemed pleased to have company , and disposed to conversation .
she let him [come with] her into the small lounge where the set was kept in segregation from the vocal and gregarious fishermen , and settle her in a comfortable chair , cheek by jowl with a single elderly lady , who seemed pleased to have company , and disposed to conversation .

Our problem then becomes one of determining what facts must accompany promissory words in order to create a legal duty ( and other legal relations ) .
our problem then becomes one of determining what facts must [come with] promissory words in order to create a legal duty ( and other legal relations ) .

Will you accompany me , Miss Agnew ?
will you [come with] me , miss agnew ?

At contemporary Mucking , two Saxon cemeteries were found to accompany a widely dispersed scatter of sunken-floored buildings the same situation occurred at Eynsham in Oxfordshire .
at contemporary mucking , two saxon cemeteries were found to [come with] a widely dispersed scatter of sunken-floored buildings the same situation occurred at eynsham in oxfordshire .

Then Araminta may accompany me to the sands .
then araminta may [come with] me to the sands .

Indeed , she did not accompany them on this stroll along the Western Esplanade to the Dumpton Gap even in their thoughts .
indeed , she did not [come with] them on this stroll along the western esplanade to the dumpton gap even in their thoughts .

When they stopped , in blackness and silence , before the steps that led up to the kitchen door , the only door anyone ever used at Trelorne , Murphy wanted to accompany her inside .
when they stopped , in blackness and silence , before the steps that led up to the kitchen door , the only door anyone ever used at trelorne , murphy wanted to [come with] her inside .

to accompany cycle events ( such as the popular annual Edinburgh — St.Andrews ride , the ‘ Tour de Forth ’ , and charity rides ) .
to [come with] cycle events ( such as the popular annual edinburgh — st.andrews ride , the ‘ tour de forth ’ , and charity rides ) .

If Brazilian partner is there to accompany on the impact of trade on Brazil .
if brazilian partner is there to [come with] on the impact of trade on brazil .

One result of this difference of reference is that it is possible to construct sentences which will be analytic or contradictory on the one interpretation but not on the other : ( 11 ) Nikolai offered us the message decoded but it was not decoded when he offered it to us 4.2 One curious feature about these adjectives is that they somehow seem to modify not only the noun which they accompany but simultaneously the verb as well ; if this is a genuine observation it will be surprising on general grounds , since it would be decidedly abnormal in syntax for one element to simultaneously qualify two different items .
one result of this difference of reference is that it is possible to construct sentences which will be analytic or contradictory on the one interpretation but not on the other : ( 11 ) nikolai offered us the message decoded but it was not decoded when he offered it to us 4.2 one curious feature about these adjectives is that they somehow seem to modify not only the noun which they [come with] but simultaneously the verb as well ; if this is a genuine observation it will be surprising on general grounds , since it would be decidedly abnormal in syntax for one element to simultaneously qualify two different items .

For the verbs which accompany clausal adjectives , however , there is no need for any compatibility at all ( although it may happen to occur if the verb also takes simple objects ) , since the noun phrase here has no direct relation to the verb which it follows but is simply one of the elements assembled within the opaque frontiers of the clause .
for the verbs which [come with] clausal adjectives , however , there is no need for any compatibility at all ( although it may happen to occur if the verb also takes simple objects ) , since the noun phrase here has no direct relation to the verb which it follows but is simply one of the elements assembled within the opaque frontiers of the clause .

Indeed this emerges immediately from the fact that adjectives which are plainly non-restrictive can accompany proper names : ( 4 ) the eloquent Dryden is too learned for some tastes clever Polly left before they called for volunteers Even if we accept the view , less than universally supported , that proper names do have meaning , being clever is certainly no part of the name Polly on the type level , nor is eloquence of the name Dryden .
indeed this emerges immediately from the fact that adjectives which are plainly non-restrictive can [come with] proper names : ( 4 ) the eloquent dryden is too learned for some tastes clever polly left before they called for volunteers even if we accept the view , less than universally supported , that proper names do have meaning , being clever is certainly no part of the name polly on the type level , nor is eloquence of the name dryden .

The Court found that the government could legitimately return assets which were now in state ownership ; however , it objected to proposals to accompany the return of confiscated lands with payment of only partial compensation to present private owners ( principally farm co-operatives ) .
the court found that the government could legitimately return assets which were now in state ownership ; however , it objected to proposals to [come with] the return of confiscated lands with payment of only partial compensation to present private owners ( principally farm co-operatives ) .

It was also reported that work was under way to clear Iraqi mines from the coastal waters around Kuwait , in preparation for the amphibious assault which was widely expected to accompany any allied ground offensive .
it was also reported that work was under way to clear iraqi mines from the coastal waters around kuwait , in preparation for the amphibious assault which was widely expected to [come with] any allied ground offensive .

Finally , the benefits to be achieved from clarity of roles and greater accountability which accompany the separation of purchasing from provision may be achieved at the cost of much higher transaction costs between what are now separate organisations .
finally , the benefits to be achieved from clarity of roles and greater accountability which [come with] the separation of purchasing from provision may be achieved at the cost of much higher transaction costs between what are now separate organisations .

The front desk apologises for the inconvenience and they accompany him back to his room with a duplicate key .
the front desk apologises for the inconvenience and they [come with] him back to his room with a duplicate key .

An English translation of the document submitted must accompany this form .
an english translation of the document submitted must [come with] this form .

S.A.E.s to accompany orders with cheques made out to ‘ Cicely Harris ’
s.a.e.s to [come with] orders with cheques made out to ‘ cicely harris ’

Oblige , like force , evokes more than merely producing an effect and it too is followed by the to infinitive : ( 164 ) … servants , whom he had obliged to accompany him . ( Walpole 1765 : 422 ; in Visser 1973 : 2283 )
oblige , like force , evokes more than merely producing an effect and it too is followed by the to infinitive : ( 164 ) … servants , whom he had obliged to [come with] him . ( walpole 1765 : 422 ; in visser 1973 : 2283 )

It was n't the uncertain nature of his livelihood that worried him , nor the police visits , although he had twice been invited to accompany the officers to the station .
it was n't the uncertain nature of his livelihood that worried him , nor the police visits , although he had twice been invited to [come with] the officers to the station .

Tomorrow you must travel there , Master Benjamin and Shallot , and this time the good doctor Agrippa will accompany you .
tomorrow you must travel there , master benjamin and shallot , and this time the good doctor agrippa will [come with] you .

What fun there was at Party conferences could most often be found outside it — in the Grand Hotel , where the prominenti stay and the Irish plant bombs , at the many and various meetings of the conference ‘ fringe ’ and among the bars , coffee stalls and bookshops which accompany the conference on its triangular three-year odyssey between Blackpool , Bournemouth and Brighton .
what fun there was at party conferences could most often be found outside it — in the grand hotel , where the prominenti stay and the irish plant bombs , at the many and various meetings of the conference ‘ fringe ’ and among the bars , coffee stalls and bookshops which [come with] the conference on its triangular three-year odyssey between blackpool , bournemouth and brighton .

In the Garden : Drawing the line at great design : Anna Pavord delves into a book that reveals the gardens architects have imagined could accompany their creations
in the garden : drawing the line at great design : anna pavord delves into a book that reveals the gardens architects have imagined could [come with] their creations

‘ The settlement does not suggest admission of wrongdoing by any of the parties and is intended to avoid the expense and distraction that would accompany continued litigation , ’ the four said a joint statement last night .
‘ the settlement does not suggest admission of wrongdoing by any of the parties and is intended to avoid the expense and distraction that would [come with] continued litigation , ’ the four said a joint statement last night .

But it had been Elisabeth and Daniel themselves who , in 1939 , elected to spend the whole summer alone on Møn , rather than accompany their parents to South America .
but it had been elisabeth and daniel themselves who , in 1939 , elected to spend the whole summer alone on møn , rather than [come with] their parents to south america .

Daniel wanted Elisabeth to accompany him on medieval instruments when he had his repertoire of early songs ready to perform .
daniel wanted elisabeth to [come with] him on medieval instruments when he had his repertoire of early songs ready to perform .

So when the Colonel 's lady — with the provincial 's enthusiasm for champagne — questioned her choice of an exquisite and rare-vintage sweet wine from Frontignan to accompany the pudding , Fru Møller was uncharacteristically acerbic in her response .
so when the colonel 's lady — with the provincial 's enthusiasm for champagne — questioned her choice of an exquisite and rare-vintage sweet wine from frontignan to [come with] the pudding , fru møller was uncharacteristically acerbic in her response .

Blake says : ‘ In learning to interpret the horse 's vocal sounds , the tone , note and delivery are all to be taken into account , and so are the non-verbal messages — the body signs — that accompany the sound .
blake says : ‘ in learning to interpret the horse 's vocal sounds , the tone , note and delivery are all to be taken into account , and so are the non-verbal messages — the body signs — that [come with] the sound .

They all turned out to watch him go , Pen clamouring to accompany him so that he might be the first to embrace and welcome Lily 's baby .
they all turned out to watch him go , pen clamouring to [come with] him so that he might be the first to embrace and welcome lily 's baby .

You can imagine the intrigue , the excitement and gossip that would accompany the selection of a king !
you can imagine the intrigue , the excitement and gossip that would [come with] the selection of a king !

Be careful not to accompany your chosen carbohydrate with large quantities of fat .
be careful not to [come with] your chosen carbohydrate with large quantities of fat .

Have pulses ( peas or beans ) with one meal each day ( for example , a portion of peas to accompany fish or meat ; red beans in chilli ; peas or lentils added to a curry ; beans on toast ; lentil soup ; a corn on the cob ) .
have pulses ( peas or beans ) with one meal each day ( for example , a portion of peas to [come with] fish or meat ; red beans in chilli ; peas or lentils added to a curry ; beans on toast ; lentil soup ; a corn on the cob ) .

Wine the colour of clear water sparkled in smoky glass flutes , to accompany the snorting of consciousness-altering powders .
wine the colour of clear water sparkled in smoky glass flutes , to [come with] the snorting of consciousness-altering powders .

It was Leila 's connection with Quincx Roirbak that swayed Emanuel Lazar 's decision to allow his son to accompany Star Eye to Arcady .
it was leila 's connection with quincx roirbak that swayed emanuel lazar 's decision to allow his son to [come with] star eye to arcady .

‘ Well , ’ she said eventually , ‘ you have every right to accompany me .
‘ well , ’ she said eventually , ‘ you have every right to [come with] me .

Dorothea did not even mind when she lost her grip and wandered off down the avenues of the past , for sometimes she could accompany her , at any rate part of the way , and
dorothea did not even mind when she lost her grip and wandered off down the avenues of the past , for sometimes she could [come with] her , at any rate part of the way , and

This dish , suitable for a light lunch or supper , needs only freshly cooked vegetables or a salad of endive to accompany it .
this dish , suitable for a light lunch or supper , needs only freshly cooked vegetables or a salad of endive to [come with] it .

They are traditionally served to accompany egg dishes .
they are traditionally served to [come with] egg dishes .

Thereafter Helen frequently walked to meet him or to accompany him on his return home across Wandsworth Common and on January 1896 they had their first long walk to Richmond .
thereafter helen frequently walked to meet him or to [come with] him on his return home across wandsworth common and on january 1896 they had their first long walk to richmond .

It is an orchestral session featuring Danish musicians plus Davis , John McLaughlin on guitar , and Vince Wilburn on drums playing the Scandinavian trumpeter 's Palle Mikkelborg 's concerto for his hero , recorded in Copenhagen to accompany Miles 's receipt of the Sonning Music Prize , a tribute whose earlier recipients have been Stravinsky , Leonard Bernstein , and Isaac Stern .
it is an orchestral session featuring danish musicians plus davis , john mclaughlin on guitar , and vince wilburn on drums playing the scandinavian trumpeter 's palle mikkelborg 's concerto for his hero , recorded in copenhagen to [come with] miles 's receipt of the sonning music prize , a tribute whose earlier recipients have been stravinsky , leonard bernstein , and isaac stern .

He plans to accompany Mr Major to his count in Huntingdon and will forgo the election night dinner he planned to host at the Mirabelle .
he plans to [come with] mr major to his count in huntingdon and will forgo the election night dinner he planned to host at the mirabelle .

They accompany the eurypterid arthropods ( which may have preyed upon them ) , and we can visualize the rivers and lakes of the time thronging with the first invaders from the sea .
they [come with] the eurypterid arthropods ( which may have preyed upon them ) , and we can visualize the rivers and lakes of the time thronging with the first invaders from the sea .

Reimbursement of medical , hospital and treatment expenses while on holiday ( including emergency dental treatment ) and hotel and repatriation expenses to the British Isles necessarily incurred arising from injury sustained or sickness declaring itself during the period of the holiday ( including those of any one person required on medical advice to accompany the Insured Person ) .
reimbursement of medical , hospital and treatment expenses while on holiday ( including emergency dental treatment ) and hotel and repatriation expenses to the british isles necessarily incurred arising from injury sustained or sickness declaring itself during the period of the holiday ( including those of any one person required on medical advice to [come with] the insured person ) .

The consignment note has to be made out in three original copies signed by the sender , the second shall accompany the goods , and the third is retained by the carrier .
the consignment note has to be made out in three original copies signed by the sender , the second shall [come with] the goods , and the third is retained by the carrier .

An annual Green Book assessing the environmental impact of government economic policy will accompany the traditional financial Red Book .
an annual green book assessing the environmental impact of government economic policy will [come with] the traditional financial red book .

• If you have to accompany one of your children under 9 years old into hospital , the plan will pay your bed charges for the period of their treatment .
• if you have to [come with] one of your children under 9 years old into hospital , the plan will pay your bed charges for the period of their treatment .

Yet they never expected the Duke of Edinburgh to accompany the Queen everywhere , or Mark Phillips to be seen with Princess Anne .
yet they never expected the duke of edinburgh to [come with] the queen everywhere , or mark phillips to be seen with princess anne .

Some friends and neighbours had come to accompany her home .
some friends and neighbours had come to [come with] her home .

The electricity supply is also regulated so that ‘ surges ’ in the National Grid — which may accompany the beginning or end of certain television programmes and so affect domestic lighting and identify the passage of time — are smoothed over .
the electricity supply is also regulated so that ‘ surges ’ in the national grid — which may [come with] the beginning or end of certain television programmes and so affect domestic lighting and identify the passage of time — are smoothed over .

Wines to accompany Clayton 's dishes have been chosen by Eastwell Manor 's restaurant manager , Philip Ashworth .
wines to [come with] clayton 's dishes have been chosen by eastwell manor 's restaurant manager , philip ashworth .

This , they said , should accompany the ‘ profound managerial change ’ which must be next on the agenda , somehow to tackle Londoners ' personal and local dissatisfaction with the police .
this , they said , should [come with] the ‘ profound managerial change ’ which must be next on the agenda , somehow to tackle londoners ' personal and local dissatisfaction with the police .

They have everything ready except a human being to accompany them on their voyage .
they have everything ready except a human being to [come with] them on their voyage .

She was between jobs , at a loose end , Camb had gathered , otherwise nothing would have induced her to accompany her parents .
she was between jobs , at a loose end , camb had gathered , otherwise nothing would have induced her to [come with] her parents .

Logic dictates that the Boys in Green will accompany the Spaniards to Italy next summer .
logic dictates that the boys in green will [come with] the spaniards to italy next summer .

The case of a physics teacher who wanted to become an actor is interesting in showing the kind of problems which accompany a late entry into drama school .
the case of a physics teacher who wanted to become an actor is interesting in showing the kind of problems which [come with] a late entry into drama school .

Check early on whether these will be allowed ; the information is normally contained in the details which accompany the application form .
check early on whether these will be allowed ; the information is normally contained in the details which [come with] the application form .

The fifth attention-grabber is the exaggerated hip action which should accompany every punch .
the fifth attention-grabber is the exaggerated hip action which should [come with] every punch .

The hips turn strongly behind the punch and a loud shout should accompany it .
the hips turn strongly behind the punch and a loud shout should [come with] it .

Nevertheless he seemed willing enough to accompany the Finnish detective in the dangerous climb down over the tumbling rocks to where his cousin and his cousin 's pretty , peroxided fiancée lay .
nevertheless he seemed willing enough to [come with] the finnish detective in the dangerous climb down over the tumbling rocks to where his cousin and his cousin 's pretty , peroxided fiancée lay .

Lyricism , then , is the poetry which sings along with the triumph of the proletariat , and with the repressions which accompany its triumph .
lyricism , then , is the poetry which sings along with the triumph of the proletariat , and with the repressions which [come with] its triumph .

At one stage no less a person than Bobby Kennedy , soon to accompany Josie to the grave , had offered to help Roth gain his freedom .
at one stage no less a person than bobby kennedy , soon to [come with] josie to the grave , had offered to help roth gain his freedom .

He was one of six chosen from a brigade of 40 to accompany Quinn when he then left to work at Ettington Park , Staffordshire .
he was one of six chosen from a brigade of 40 to [come with] quinn when he then left to work at ettington park , staffordshire .

Served in most soul food restaurants to accompany barbecued ribs or chicken . Serves 6
served in most soul food restaurants to [come with] barbecued ribs or chicken . serves 6

Ideally a canopy should separate the beasts , and ideally a stallion should not accompany two mares on a pallet the size of a diving board .
ideally a canopy should separate the beasts , and ideally a stallion should not [come with] two mares on a pallet the size of a diving board .

The boy carries the bundle off the rock , the two men accompany him .
the boy carries the bundle off the rock , the two men [come with] him .

This is very much a product of his legal background which , in a career spanning 40 years as a lawyer , has seen him spurn a more lucrative profession to concentrate on the injusticesthat accompany bureaucracies like the Civil Service .
this is very much a product of his legal background which , in a career spanning 40 years as a lawyer , has seen him spurn a more lucrative profession to concentrate on the injusticesthat [come with] bureaucracies like the civil service .

So Boloisms accompany discussions of theology in Eliot 's letters to Dobrée .
so boloisms [come with] discussions of theology in eliot 's letters to dobrée .

They also benefit from the higher degree of social solidarity which seems to accompany more pluralistic systems .
they also benefit from the higher degree of social solidarity which seems to [come with] more pluralistic systems .

The baroque furnishings or simple motifs that accompany other subjects such as the stage designer James Bailey or Anne , Viscountess Norwich , give the portraits a resonance and pay tribute to the influence of Peter Rose Pulham as well as showing Goodman 's own mastery of lighting to create sculptural effects .
the baroque furnishings or simple motifs that [come with] other subjects such as the stage designer james bailey or anne , viscountess norwich , give the portraits a resonance and pay tribute to the influence of peter rose pulham as well as showing goodman 's own mastery of lighting to create sculptural effects .

Environmental impact assessments must accompany all applications and planning conditions covering subsidence , noise , traffic , dust , waste disposal and effluent were becoming increasingly strict .
environmental impact assessments must [come with] all applications and planning conditions covering subsidence , noise , traffic , dust , waste disposal and effluent were becoming increasingly strict .

This certificate , lot-depending , will accompany each shipment .
this certificate , lot-depending , will [come with] each shipment .

In May 1883 , the school of Oakland closed , and twenty-nine widows and orphans were permitted to accompany teacher James Reuben back to Lapwai .
in may 1883 , the school of oakland closed , and twenty-nine widows and orphans were permitted to [come with] teacher james reuben back to lapwai .

Gunfire and the occasional grenade explosions accompany raid after raid on jewellery shops .
gunfire and the occasional grenade explosions [come with] raid after raid on jewellery shops .

If participation saves resources ( jobs carried out by volunteers , for example , instead of paid workers ) , then this is an important output , along with the public legitimization and support which are likely to accompany client participation .
if participation saves resources ( jobs carried out by volunteers , for example , instead of paid workers ) , then this is an important output , along with the public legitimization and support which are likely to [come with] client participation .

Hoomey was not anxious for Nails to accompany him , but Nails fell in beside him , slouching along with his hands in his pockets , his face sullen .
hoomey was not anxious for nails to [come with] him , but nails fell in beside him , slouching along with his hands in his pockets , his face sullen .

The label ‘ murder ’ , and the stigma thought to accompany it , should be reserved for the most heinous group of killings ; there is a well-recognized offence of manslaughter beneath murder , and this should be used for offences where the culpability is significantly lower .
the label ‘ murder ’ , and the stigma thought to [come with] it , should be reserved for the most heinous group of killings ; there is a well-recognized offence of manslaughter beneath murder , and this should be used for offences where the culpability is significantly lower .

All his fear is concentrated on the ark which he , being too old and frail to accompany , delivered to their charge .
all his fear is concentrated on the ark which he , being too old and frail to [come with] , delivered to their charge .

Tsoy is half-Korean and from the underbelly of Leningrad 's punk community : he used to accompany the band Swine on rhythm guitar in 1981 .
tsoy is half-korean and from the underbelly of leningrad 's punk community : he used to [come with] the band swine on rhythm guitar in 1981 .

Parents come on an observation day first , then accompany their children for one to two hours a day , five days a week .
parents come on an observation day first , then [come with] their children for one to two hours a day , five days a week .

Roland did not offer to accompany Blackadder to the London Library .
roland did not offer to [come with] blackadder to the london library .

The concurrent interference account does not require this assumption but can perfectly well allow that changes in associability might accompany the formation of within-stimulus links .
the concurrent interference account does not require this assumption but can perfectly well allow that changes in associability might [come with] the formation of within-stimulus links .

Where appropriate cassettes will accompany each pack .
where appropriate cassettes will [come with] each pack .

It has been able to shed its loss-making operations without the need for lengthy legal procedures such as those which normally accompany the proposal to close a branch passenger service .
it has been able to shed its loss-making operations without the need for lengthy legal procedures such as those which normally [come with] the proposal to close a branch passenger service .

The financial stringencies which accompany marriage and child-rearing caused this interest to be set aside , and once it had gone , the cultural tradition asserted itself to remarkable effect .
the financial stringencies which [come with] marriage and child-rearing caused this interest to be set aside , and once it had gone , the cultural tradition asserted itself to remarkable effect .

Remembering the close encounter near Maralal , we arranged for an armed park ranger to accompany us , so that we would also be protected in case of emergency .
remembering the close encounter near maralal , we arranged for an armed park ranger to [come with] us , so that we would also be protected in case of emergency .

To accompany the cross assembler a linker will perform the usual task of allocating addresses to the assembled code modules and attaching the run-time libraries to generate an executable program .
to [come with] the cross assembler a linker will perform the usual task of allocating addresses to the assembled code modules and attaching the run-time libraries to generate an executable program .

Some of the refugees originally refused to touch East German territory again , but were reassured when two of the West German diplomats said they would accompany the train , to ensure that the rules were followed .
some of the refugees originally refused to touch east german territory again , but were reassured when two of the west german diplomats said they would [come with] the train , to ensure that the rules were followed .

He created very distinctive passages of ascending chords to accompany the magic bird 's flight through the trees .
he created very distinctive passages of ascending chords to [come with] the magic bird 's flight through the trees .

They accompany her every entrance .
they [come with] her every entrance .

He contrasts the love themes of Romeo and Juliet with those which accompany the bitter struggles and fights between Montague and Capulet .
he contrasts the love themes of romeo and juliet with those which [come with] the bitter struggles and fights between montague and capulet .

As their advocate , Tixier-Vignancour had to accompany these four officers to the firing squad , thus witnessing a fate which might have been his own in 1945 .
as their advocate , tixier-vignancour had to [come with] these four officers to the firing squad , thus witnessing a fate which might have been his own in 1945 .

About 140 rightwing members of the ruling Liberal Democratic Party believe that the Maritime Self-Defence Force , the Japanese navy , should accompany the shipments of plutonium .
about 140 rightwing members of the ruling liberal democratic party believe that the maritime self-defence force , the japanese navy , should [come with] the shipments of plutonium .

Mr Hurd also announced that former Labour cabinet minister , Lord Ennals , would accompany Mr Timothy Raison , a Tory ex-immigration minister , to Vietnam next month to act as independent observers , bolstering the efforts of Britain 's tiny diplomatic mission in Hanoi to monitor the 51 's safe return .
mr hurd also announced that former labour cabinet minister , lord ennals , would [come with] mr timothy raison , a tory ex-immigration minister , to vietnam next month to act as independent observers , bolstering the efforts of britain 's tiny diplomatic mission in hanoi to monitor the 51 's safe return .

Some take the profoundly defeatist view that the kicking and screaming which would accompany a successful revolt would do even more damage than sticking with the lady .
some take the profoundly defeatist view that the kicking and screaming which would [come with] a successful revolt would do even more damage than sticking with the lady .

( 28 May 1764 ) Young Mozart 's abilities were continually being tested with demands that he should sight-read , improvise , compose melodies to pre-set bass lines , accompany other performers etc .
( 28 may 1764 ) young mozart 's abilities were continually being tested with demands that he should sight-read , improvise , compose melodies to pre-set bass lines , [come with] other performers etc .

Declaring that he had actually never really trusted Wendling anyway , Mozart resolved that he would accompany Aloysia to Italy where they would both make their fortune , before going on to Paris .
declaring that he had actually never really trusted wendling anyway , mozart resolved that he would [come with] aloysia to italy where they would both make their fortune , before going on to paris .

She orders Victor to accompany her to the head teacher 's office .
she orders victor to [come with] her to the head teacher 's office .

Modigliani often asked Lunia to accompany him when he took Utrillo out for a walk .
modigliani often asked lunia to [come with] him when he took utrillo out for a walk .

Despite her disapproval Madame Hébuterne felt that her daughter , just turned 20 , could hardly fend for herself and decided to accompany her .
despite her disapproval madame hébuterne felt that her daughter , just turned 20 , could hardly fend for herself and decided to [come with] her .

Jeanne came with him to accompany Bertin 's sister-in-law , Germaine Meyer , who was later to marry Survage , on the violin .
jeanne came with him to [come with] bertin 's sister-in-law , germaine meyer , who was later to marry survage , on the violin .

The French government acceded to her request that she be buried at Malmaison , but her son was permitted to accompany the funeral only as far as the frontier between France and Switzerland .
the french government acceded to her request that she be buried at malmaison , but her son was permitted to [come with] the funeral only as far as the frontier between france and switzerland .

Apart from that , the Empress had announced that if her husband went , she would accompany him — possibly using this as a means of persuading him not to go .
apart from that , the empress had announced that if her husband went , she would [come with] him — possibly using this as a means of persuading him not to go .

She was born , and christened Roberta Anne Penrose , in Melbourne , Australia , nearly thirty-three years ago , but left that country at the age of five to accompany her parents to England .
she was born , and christened roberta anne penrose , in melbourne , australia , nearly thirty-three years ago , but left that country at the age of five to [come with] her parents to england .

To call them secondary means that they are valid reasons only if they accompany other , primary , reasons which also conform to the normal justification thesis ( whereas deviant reasons may validly replace the normal reasons ) .
to call them secondary means that they are valid reasons only if they [come with] other , primary , reasons which also conform to the normal justification thesis ( whereas deviant reasons may validly replace the normal reasons ) .

John carved his puppets himself from wood , sewed the dresses for them , wrote verses to accompany the shows and ( with his aunt Kay as assistant ) manipulated the strings to give performances for his friends and relations .
john carved his puppets himself from wood , sewed the dresses for them , wrote verses to [come with] the shows and ( with his aunt kay as assistant ) manipulated the strings to give performances for his friends and relations .

His father was told about the accident , and he arrived at the scene quickly enough to accompany Guy to hospital in the ambulance .
his father was told about the accident , and he arrived at the scene quickly enough to [come with] guy to hospital in the ambulance .

And forthwith he made a vow in her hands that he would never accompany with her , neither in the desert nor in the inhabited place , till he had won five battles in the field .
and forthwith he made a vow in her hands that he would never [come with] with her , neither in the desert nor in the inhabited place , till he had won five battles in the field .

Sickness , giddiness and feelings of faintness often accompany the pain .
sickness , giddiness and feelings of faintness often [come with] the pain .

There were to accompany the army corps a number of shipwrights , caulkers , sailmakers and six hundred seamen , who [ would ] have settled at Cowes and Yarmouth for the winter , and built with the timber in the local yards a large quantity of gun-sloops … Some would have been formed into bomb-ketches and armed with mortars and howitzers .
there were to [come with] the army corps a number of shipwrights , caulkers , sailmakers and six hundred seamen , who [ would ] have settled at cowes and yarmouth for the winter , and built with the timber in the local yards a large quantity of gun-sloops … some would have been formed into bomb-ketches and armed with mortars and howitzers .

The few adults who were allowed to accompany the children had too many demands on them to act as full-time baby minders .
the few adults who were allowed to [come with] the children had too many demands on them to act as full-time baby minders .

Etty , mother 's constant companion , would accompany her to the shops , to the park or cinema , and do any extra chores required at home .
etty , mother 's constant companion , would [come with] her to the shops , to the park or cinema , and do any extra chores required at home .

The country was spared the follies that all too often accompany the first six months of a new government while tyro-ministers clamber up what the Civil Service likes to call their learning-curve .
the country was spared the follies that all too often [come with] the first six months of a new government while tyro-ministers clamber up what the civil service likes to call their learning-curve .

’ Whittaker got the recognition he deserved when he was invited to accompany the England team to Canada in 1931 .
’ whittaker got the recognition he deserved when he was invited to [come with] the england team to canada in 1931 .

She marries John Browdie , and allows Fanny to accompany them on their honeymoon .
she marries john browdie , and allows fanny to [come with] them on their honeymoon .

Chester , who was soon to accompany Coleridge on the journey into Europe , was yet another who had been drawn to him ‘ as flies are to honey ’ , and now trotted happily beside his two talkative companions , bow-legged and awestruck .
chester , who was soon to [come with] coleridge on the journey into europe , was yet another who had been drawn to him ‘ as flies are to honey ’ , and now trotted happily beside his two talkative companions , bow-legged and awestruck .

Several studies have reported that abnormal lipoprotein levels frequently accompany diabetes mellitus ( Hayes , 1972 ; Garcia et al , 1974 ; Chase & Glasgow , 1976 ; Nikkila & Hormila , 1978 ; Mancini et al , 1980 ; Lisch & Sailer , 1981 ; Steiner , 1981 ) .
several studies have reported that abnormal lipoprotein levels frequently [come with] diabetes mellitus ( hayes , 1972 ; garcia et al , 1974 ; chase & glasgow , 1976 ; nikkila & hormila , 1978 ; mancini et al , 1980 ; lisch & sailer , 1981 ; steiner , 1981 ) .

This simple model assumes no increase in heat flow to accompany the inversion event .
this simple model assumes no increase in heat flow to [come with] the inversion event .

In addition , Ferrari has also shown that the shock waves which accompany the impulsive waves only affect the rate at which the Weyl scalars diverge on the singularity .
in addition , ferrari has also shown that the shock waves which [come with] the impulsive waves only affect the rate at which the weyl scalars diverge on the singularity .

But the author ( and readers ) will want some written commentary to accompany the figures and here caution must be exercised not to claim more than the figures warrant .
but the author ( and readers ) will want some written commentary to [come with] the figures and here caution must be exercised not to claim more than the figures warrant .

All interviewers should be carefully briefed on the schedule they are about to use , and wherever possible a ‘ guide to interviewers ’ should accompany , or be incorporated with , the schedule .
all interviewers should be carefully briefed on the schedule they are about to use , and wherever possible a ‘ guide to interviewers ’ should [come with] , or be incorporated with , the schedule .

When goods are delivered , this should accompany them .
when goods are delivered , this should [come with] them .

Here it is important to distinguish between any reaction brought about due to the perception of the odour , and any reaction brought about by the odorant itself , or the presence of other substances which accompany the odorant .
here it is important to distinguish between any reaction brought about due to the perception of the odour , and any reaction brought about by the odorant itself , or the presence of other substances which [come with] the odorant .

For example , it is more convenient to believe that your behaviour ‘ just happens ’ because this absolves you from having the responsibilities that accompany choice .
for example , it is more convenient to believe that your behaviour ‘ just happens ’ because this absolves you from having the responsibilities that [come with] choice .

The cornet players who accompany the singing did so from the roof of the church .
the cornet players who [come with] the singing did so from the roof of the church .

The chapter on alicyclics has moved forward to accompany stereochemistry , and the one on alkyl halides to introduce substitution mechanisms before the chapter on alkenes , which covers elimination reactions .
the chapter on alicyclics has moved forward to [come with] stereochemistry , and the one on alkyl halides to introduce substitution mechanisms before the chapter on alkenes , which covers elimination reactions .

Despite some misgivings , he persuaded Tom Gray to accompany him on a wander to a nearby burial ground , Lying on top of a heap of bones , ‘ almost asking to be taken , was a femur .
despite some misgivings , he persuaded tom gray to [come with] him on a wander to a nearby burial ground , lying on top of a heap of bones , ‘ almost asking to be taken , was a femur .

For example , there might be one or two parents , or some older , responsible young people , who could accompany the younger ones .
for example , there might be one or two parents , or some older , responsible young people , who could [come with] the younger ones .

The pay off is that there is little sign of the peakiness that can accompany sports engines .
the pay off is that there is little sign of the peakiness that can [come with] sports engines .

The Bitches Rodeo on May 2nd–3rd will have the usual partying to accompany the competition .
the bitches rodeo on may 2nd–3rd will have the usual partying to [come with] the competition .

Lorne and Lawrence Blair , who lived awhile with the forest-dwelling Punan Dyaks of Borneo , wanted to accompany the Dyaks on one of their hunting expeditions .
lorne and lawrence blair , who lived awhile with the forest-dwelling punan dyaks of borneo , wanted to [come with] the dyaks on one of their hunting expeditions .

Epileptic fits , where these accompany migraine ( p 128 )
epileptic fits , where these [come with] migraine ( p 128 )

Physical symptoms , such as muscle aches , stomach aches , rashes , headaches or bowel problems , usually accompany the mental symptoms in those who are sensitive to something in their diet or environment .
physical symptoms , such as muscle aches , stomach aches , rashes , headaches or bowel problems , usually [come with] the mental symptoms in those who are sensitive to something in their diet or environment .

.. certain cat owners have reported that their cats , unlike others , do like to accompany them on short walks .
.. certain cat owners have reported that their cats , unlike others , do like to [come with] them on short walks .

When they have arrived at the fully mobile stage of their development , but have not yet ventured off on their own , they may accompany their mother on short trips away from the ‘ nest , .
when they have arrived at the fully mobile stage of their development , but have not yet ventured off on their own , they may [come with] their mother on short trips away from the ‘ nest , .

Learners should participate in ward rounds and medical procedures , and accompany the doctor when a patient is being examined .
learners should participate in ward rounds and medical procedures , and [come with] the doctor when a patient is being examined .

If the workshop is planned to accompany a module of nursing experience , the ward and school objectives can be given so that the learner comes to see the ward and school staff as a complete team .
if the workshop is planned to [come with] a module of nursing experience , the ward and school objectives can be given so that the learner comes to see the ward and school staff as a complete team .

Her friend Angela , who worked for Tiller every year in pantomime , asked Jane to accompany her to the stage door of the Hippodrome Theatre , Manchester , to pick up a contract .
her friend angela , who worked for tiller every year in pantomime , asked jane to [come with] her to the stage door of the hippodrome theatre , manchester , to pick up a contract .

Pre-retirement planning can minimise the shock and subsequent demoralisation which can accompany retirement , and can help those about to retire to develop a constructive philosophy .
pre-retirement planning can minimise the shock and subsequent demoralisation which can [come with] retirement , and can help those about to retire to develop a constructive philosophy .

Average age for the ceasing of menstruation is around 50 , but the hot flushes and sweating that can accompany it are more common after the periods have ended , and may last from just a few months to more than five years .
average age for the ceasing of menstruation is around 50 , but the hot flushes and sweating that can [come with] it are more common after the periods have ended , and may last from just a few months to more than five years .

Teachers are admitted free on familiarisation trips , and when they accompany their pupils on educational visits .
teachers are admitted free on familiarisation trips , and when they [come with] their pupils on educational visits .

Her parents were still concerned about her and she had asked them to accompany her for this first appointment .
her parents were still concerned about her and she had asked them to [come with] her for this first appointment .

In most psychiatric units it is now usually considered inappropriate to have one member of staff constantly accompany a patient at risk .
in most psychiatric units it is now usually considered inappropriate to have one member of staff constantly [come with] a patient at risk .

The patient may also benefit from learning methods of distraction which can be used to interrupt the flow of negative thoughts which often accompany the build-up of feelings of tension .
the patient may also benefit from learning methods of distraction which can be used to interrupt the flow of negative thoughts which often [come with] the build-up of feelings of tension .

In Luxembourg and Alsace , home of white wines like Riesling and Traminer and the fruit brandies Kirsch and Framboise , drinks that accompany the matelotes of freshwater fish and the hearty choucroute of cabbage with sausage , pork , goose — in this delicious country the pace of life after lunch is slower .
in luxembourg and alsace , home of white wines like riesling and traminer and the fruit brandies kirsch and framboise , drinks that [come with] the matelotes of freshwater fish and the hearty choucroute of cabbage with sausage , pork , goose — in this delicious country the pace of life after lunch is slower .

Hunger can precede or accompany the headaches .
hunger can precede or [come with] the headaches .

Digestive complaints often accompany every illness
digestive complaints often [come with] every illness

Digestive complaints often accompany every illness ; bloated and sensitive especially worse ( < ) after eating .
digestive complaints often [come with] every illness ; bloated and sensitive especially worse ( < ) after eating .

Let music accompany you ,
let music [come with] you ,

They often do so , largely through guiding remarks that accompany children ’ s ongoing actions , as in “ Don ’ t grab .
they often do so , largely through guiding remarks that [come with] children ’ s ongoing actions , as in “ don ’ t grab .

Stirring music and dramatic soundtrack accompany the dance of lights over the monuments .
stirring music and dramatic soundtrack [come with] the dance of lights over the monuments .

Children are welcome in most bars and often accompany their parents on late-night outings , having recouped their energy during their siesta .
children are welcome in most bars and often [come with] their parents on late-night outings , having recouped their energy during their siesta .

After an initial nationalist resistance to using English to accompany Malay road signs , a new effort is being made to accommodate foreign drivers .
after an initial nationalist resistance to using english to [come with] malay road signs , a new effort is being made to accommodate foreign drivers .

Economic and risk analyses should accompany or be a part of the decision paper .
economic and risk analyses should [come with] or be a part of the decision paper .

Further , three statements of policy accompany the final rule , one analyzing payments for computer loan origination systems under the RESPA regulations and two others on issues raised by comments on the proposed rule .
further , three statements of policy [come with] the final rule , one analyzing payments for computer loan origination systems under the respa regulations and two others on issues raised by comments on the proposed rule .

Visibility Benefits As the name chosen for the Clear Skies Act implies , one of the direct consequences of the reductions in fine particles that accompany implementation of the SO2 and NOx emissions caps is an improvement in atmospheric clarity and visibility .
visibility benefits as the name chosen for the clear skies act implies , one of the direct consequences of the reductions in fine particles that [come with] implementation of the so2 and nox emissions caps is an improvement in atmospheric clarity and visibility .

Such mutations rarely , if ever , accompany EGFR mutations and are associated with primary resistance to gefitinib or erlotinib [ 7 ] .
such mutations rarely , if ever , [come with] egfr mutations and are associated with primary resistance to gefitinib or erlotinib [ 7 ] .

Such announcements are relatively common , although they usually accompany military actions , economic sanctions , or other foreign policy initiatives ( yesterday 's warning was the fifth since October ) .
such announcements are relatively common , although they usually [come with] military actions , economic sanctions , or other foreign policy initiatives ( yesterday 's warning was the fifth since october ) .

The overlapping dialogue and squealing Cuban-African music heard over tinny-sounding radios seems meant to induce a migraine to accompany the seasickness .
the overlapping dialogue and squealing cuban-african music heard over tinny-sounding radios seems meant to induce a migraine to [come with] the seasickness .

This might be only peculiar ( and therefore tolerable ) , but he expects me to accompany him , as well as get into the philosophy of the moment .
this might be only peculiar ( and therefore tolerable ) , but he expects me to [come with] him , as well as get into the philosophy of the moment .

The information plates that accompany the exhibition and the catalog text both seem pitched at pre-established fanatics .
the information plates that [come with] the exhibition and the catalog text both seem pitched at pre-established fanatics .

David Plotz 's piece `` The Case for Community Service for Clinton '' advances an excellent analysis of the political requirements for an acceptable punishment to accompany censure , if indeed censure is chosen in lieu of impeachment .
david plotz 's piece `` the case for community service for clinton '' advances an excellent analysis of the political requirements for an acceptable punishment to [come with] censure , if indeed censure is chosen in lieu of impeachment .

If we can meet our goal to present him with a birthday campaign check for $ 63,000 to accompany our special card , it will give him the added financial boost that 's so necessary to carry his campaign forward .
if we can meet our goal to present him with a birthday campaign check for $ 63,000 to [come with] our special card , it will give him the added financial boost that 's so necessary to carry his campaign forward .

Many spectacular pictures accompany the article .
many spectacular pictures [come with] the article .

Graphics illustrating the jet 's final moments and articles detailing the grief the passengers ' friends and family accompany most of the stories .
graphics illustrating the jet 's final moments and articles detailing the grief the passengers ' friends and family [come with] most of the stories .

I could not be more thrilled to hear back from readers since it only makes us better at our jobs , despite the agony of having to listen to the wackos that always accompany the good comments .
i could not be more thrilled to hear back from readers since it only makes us better at our jobs , despite the agony of having to listen to the wackos that always [come with] the good comments .

In a front-page opinion piece Sunday titled `` The Spectre of Vietnam , '' La Repubblica U.S. bureau chief Vittorio Zucconi wrote that despite the instinctive patriotic solidarity that would accompany the president into battle , `` the United States is n't marching into war against Saddam ; it is being dragged . ''
in a front-page opinion piece sunday titled `` the spectre of vietnam , '' la repubblica u.s. bureau chief vittorio zucconi wrote that despite the instinctive patriotic solidarity that would [come with] the president into battle , `` the united states is n't marching into war against saddam ; it is being dragged . ''

His argument is persuasive , but the conclusion is so counterintuitive -- why should the soloist meekly accompany the orchestra when he is n't defying it ? -- that I remain unconvinced .
his argument is persuasive , but the conclusion is so counterintuitive -- why should the soloist meekly [come with] the orchestra when he is n't defying it ? -- that i remain unconvinced .

If Evans and Novak want to capture the real Farrakhan , `` Pundit Central '' suggests that they accompany him to one of his rallies .
if evans and novak want to capture the real farrakhan , `` pundit central '' suggests that they [come with] him to one of his rallies .

Dramatic photos of ice climbers , BASE jumpers , and sky-surfers accompany the article .
dramatic photos of ice climbers , base jumpers , and sky-surfers [come with] the article .

A few short articles accompany the images .
a few short articles [come with] the images .

In return , the U.N. agrees to provide diplomats from various countries who would accompany the weapons inspectors .
in return , the u.n. agrees to provide diplomats from various countries who would [come with] the weapons inspectors .

The big unresolved issues , says the paper : the role of the diplomats who would now accompany weapons inspectors on their rounds , the inspectors ' chain of command now , and whether or not the agreement 's nod to respecting Iraqi sovereignty could interfere with inspections .
the big unresolved issues , says the paper : the role of the diplomats who would now [come with] weapons inspectors on their rounds , the inspectors ' chain of command now , and whether or not the agreement 's nod to respecting iraqi sovereignty could interfere with inspections .

The ancient Egyptians painted images of food and personal effects in their tombs , images that were to accompany the dead on their last journey , and a rich tradition of European still-life painting slips little reminders of mortality -- skulls and flickering candles -- among the apples and pears and peeled lemons .
the ancient egyptians painted images of food and personal effects in their tombs , images that were to [come with] the dead on their last journey , and a rich tradition of european still-life painting slips little reminders of mortality -- skulls and flickering candles -- among the apples and pears and peeled lemons .

With his susceptibility to ridicule and parody , his air of furtive portentousness , his apocalyptic Manichaean vision of purity overtaken by disease , his dazzling displays of the uncanny intuitive skills that sometimes accompany obsession , he was a pulp-fiction Dostoyevsky , an author he admired above all others .
with his susceptibility to ridicule and parody , his air of furtive portentousness , his apocalyptic manichaean vision of purity overtaken by disease , his dazzling displays of the uncanny intuitive skills that sometimes [come with] obsession , he was a pulp-fiction dostoyevsky , an author he admired above all others .

Actually , though , even if the current system is nominally progressive , it 's much more progressive than any flat tax -- no matter what reforms accompany it -- could ever be .
actually , though , even if the current system is nominally progressive , it 's much more progressive than any flat tax -- no matter what reforms [come with] it -- could ever be .

What 's most amusing about corporate name changes is the dubious reasoning and overwrought rhetoric that inevitably accompany them .
what 's most amusing about corporate name changes is the dubious reasoning and overwrought rhetoric that inevitably [come with] them .

The New York Times and the Los Angeles Times front this story , and accompany it with profiles of Barton 's victims , whose names were also released .
the new york times and the los angeles times front this story , and [come with] it with profiles of barton 's victims , whose names were also released .

Below , actual phone book public service messages , the actual paid ads that accompany them on the page , and the presumed meaning of their juxtaposition .
below , actual phone book public service messages , the actual paid ads that [come with] them on the page , and the presumed meaning of their juxtaposition .

That means accepting more than a token Russian presence in the international force that may accompany the refugees back to Kosovo .
that means accepting more than a token russian presence in the international force that may [come with] the refugees back to kosovo .

The 10 written questions that accompany each speech are of the sort I have n't seen since sixth-grade reading comprehension : `` How [ according to Rep. Jennifer Dunn of Washington ] do you become an Initiator , Innovator , and Leader ? ''
the 10 written questions that [come with] each speech are of the sort i have n't seen since sixth-grade reading comprehension : `` how [ according to rep. jennifer dunn of washington ] do you become an initiator , innovator , and leader ? ''

Prudie , of course , does not accompany Mr. Gates on trips , so she is unable to tell you his reaction .
prudie , of course , does not [come with] mr. gates on trips , so she is unable to tell you his reaction .

If you accompany each egg with a shot of triple distilled , ice cold vodka , your afternoon will soon acquire a dreamlike consistency .
if you [come with] each egg with a shot of triple distilled , ice cold vodka , your afternoon will soon acquire a dreamlike consistency .

He believes he can not afford the loss of prestige that would accompany a compromise on Kosovo .
he believes he can not afford the loss of prestige that would [come with] a compromise on kosovo .

All the majors that carry photos ( that is , everybody but the WSJ ) accompany the Microsoft/Apple story with the same top-of-the-page shot : a giant televised Bill Gates looming over a tiny , merely human Steve Jobs .
all the majors that carry photos ( that is , everybody but the wsj ) [come with] the microsoft/apple story with the same top-of-the-page shot : a giant televised bill gates looming over a tiny , merely human steve jobs .

The health plan sent a nurse to accompany Garvey back to a suitable hospital .
the health plan sent a nurse to [come with] garvey back to a suitable hospital .

Huge is shown as [ hūj ] but humour is pronounced [ ū'mur ] ; adagio is shown as [ adā'jē-ō ] , and accompany and similarly spelled words are shown with geminate consonants , e.g. , [ akkum'pa-ne ] .
huge is shown as [ hūj ] but humour is pronounced [ ū'mur ] ; adagio is shown as [ adā'jē-ō ] , and [come with] and similarly spelled words are shown with geminate consonants , e.g. , [ akkum'pa-ne ] .

It takes no more than a preliminary skim to suspect what is soon substantiated in the ample sources and usages that accompany most entries—that it is within the military services of the United States and Great Britain , from the times of the World Wars , that the F-words have their truest homes .
it takes no more than a preliminary skim to suspect what is soon substantiated in the ample sources and usages that [come with] most entries—that it is within the military services of the united states and great britain , from the times of the world wars , that the f-words have their truest homes .

I hope Mr. Adams will explore this oeuvre and see how people can take random words sung to apparently random music and accompany them by random images .
i hope mr. adams will explore this oeuvre and see how people can take random words sung to apparently random music and [come with] them by random images .

While reading OBITER DICTA in the same issue , I found myself in total agreement about the poor quality of the manuals that accompany computer hardware and software .
while reading obiter dicta in the same issue , i found myself in total agreement about the poor quality of the manuals that [come with] computer hardware and software .

