# an accompanying -> a partnered/followed/none? as an adj it doesn't work

He skips around from jazz , to blues to boogie -- accompanying himself on piano and frequently pulling the customers in on the act .
he skips around from jazz , to blues to boogie -- [coming with] himself on piano and frequently pulling the customers in on the act .

A brief description accompanying the picture says that the bridge contained more than 6000 tons of timber .
a brief description [coming with] the picture says that the bridge contained more than 6000 tons of timber .

And accompanying adults are urged to keep an alert and sensible eye on their responsibilities .
and [coming with] adults are urged to keep an alert and sensible eye on their responsibilities .

`` A serious problem accompanying the technical-ladder approach is the difficulty of clearly defining responsibilities and standards of performance for each level .
`` a serious problem [coming with] the technical-ladder approach is the difficulty of clearly defining responsibilities and standards of performance for each level .

An accompanying record of paralanguage factors for the second example might also note a throaty rasp .
an [coming with] record of paralanguage factors for the second example might also note a throaty rasp .

Giffen replied punctually and enthusiastically : `` Rest assured that your accompanying Letter of Instructions shall be in the Letter and Spirit strictly complied with and most particularly in regard to that part of them relative to the completion of your noble and humane views '' .
giffen replied punctually and enthusiastically : `` rest assured that your [coming with] letter of instructions shall be in the letter and spirit strictly complied with and most particularly in regard to that part of them relative to the completion of your noble and humane views '' .

I was amazed at the very poor hospital facilities accompanying the medical school .
i was amazed at the very poor hospital facilities [coming with] the medical school .

An accompanying sympathetic letter explained that inside the envelope was a name for Mrs. Coolidge's first granddaughter .
an [coming with] sympathetic letter explained that inside the envelope was a name for mrs. coolidge's first granddaughter .

And yet , accompanying our gratitude is the realization that we are living in a crucial time .
and yet , [coming with] our gratitude is the realization that we are living in a crucial time .

It is at this time that we should imitate the Pilgrims by accompanying our prayers of thanks with the conviction that we shall continue to be in dire need for the Lord's protection in the future , if we are to have peace ; ;
it is at this time that we should imitate the pilgrims by [coming with] our prayers of thanks with the conviction that we shall continue to be in dire need for the lord's protection in the future , if we are to have peace ; ;

The tensions accompanying a repressive consciousness of wrongdoing or sinning or some tormenting secret are relieved for the less self-contained or self-sufficient by confession , repentance , and penance .
the tensions [coming with] a repressive consciousness of wrongdoing or sinning or some tormenting secret are relieved for the less self-contained or self-sufficient by confession , repentance , and penance .

Eventually such incidents became more sporadic , and more sharply demarcated from her day-after-day behavior , and in one particular session , after several minutes of such behavior -- which , as usual , went on without any accompanying words from her -- she asked , eagerly , `` Did you see Granny '' ? ?
eventually such incidents became more sporadic , and more sharply demarcated from her day-after-day behavior , and in one particular session , after several minutes of such behavior -- which , as usual , went on without any [coming with] words from her -- she asked , eagerly , `` did you see granny '' ? ?

Whether or not it is in the industry's interest to allow the basic wage rate to rise obviously depends upon the extent to which the public-limit price rises in response to a basic wage increase , and the relation of this response to the increase in costs accompanying the wage increase .
whether or not it is in the industry's interest to allow the basic wage rate to rise obviously depends upon the extent to which the public-limit price rises in response to a basic wage increase , and the relation of this response to the increase in costs [coming with] the wage increase .

Notice , however , that the passage of time does not permit the raising of prices per se , without an accompanying wage increase .
notice , however , that the passage of time does not permit the raising of prices per se , without an [coming with] wage increase .

Then he might finally recognize it , apparently by combining the visual blot , actually being seen , with tactual feelings in the head or body accompanying the tracing movements .
then he might finally recognize it , apparently by combining the visual blot , actually being seen , with tactual feelings in the head or body [coming with] the tracing movements .

The dilation accompanying elongation and the simultaneously developed anisotropy of compressibility have been related to the elongation .
the dilation [coming with] elongation and the simultaneously developed anisotropy of compressibility have been related to the elongation .

Standing then with the others , peering into the sun , he saw the bright , multicolored legion , their hair flying like dark banners , only the thunder , the roll of drums , the mad cacophony of the hoofs accompanying them .
standing then with the others , peering into the sun , he saw the bright , multicolored legion , their hair flying like dark banners , only the thunder , the roll of drums , the mad cacophony of the hoofs [coming with] them .

There 's always a risk it may be hijacked but even a minimal military force accompanying it would warn the Serbs that the West meant business . If they did anything it would probably bring a response from the West
there 's always a risk it may be hijacked but even a minimal military force [coming with] it would warn the serbs that the west meant business . if they did anything it would probably bring a response from the west

The video and an accompanying report have been sent to the Agriculture Minister , John Gummer .
the video and an [coming with] report have been sent to the agriculture minister , john gummer .

Accompanying the Bear to Fairford is the man who for years controlled the giant aircraft .
[coming with] the bear to fairford is the man who for years controlled the giant aircraft .

Christopher was transferred to Nottingham and Allitt insisted on accompanying him , said Mr Goldring .
christopher was transferred to nottingham and allitt insisted on [coming with] him , said mr goldring .

‘ Dead-end ’ partnerships evidently bring little reward to women who miss out on the normal progression from junior to senior status and the accompanying benefits .
‘ dead-end ’ partnerships evidently bring little reward to women who miss out on the normal progression from junior to senior status and the [coming with] benefits .

This is the teacher-as-social-worker : providing emotional support , attending case conferences , subject to physical and verbal assaults , on the lookout for signs of physical and sexual abuse , no longer able to assume standards of behaviour — and , as if incidentally , also intended to teach , with the upheaval of a new curriculum and its accompanying paperwork .
this is the teacher-as-social-worker : providing emotional support , attending case conferences , subject to physical and verbal assaults , on the lookout for signs of physical and sexual abuse , no longer able to assume standards of behaviour — and , as if incidentally , also intended to teach , with the upheaval of a new curriculum and its [coming with] paperwork .

The accompanying table breaks down into 11 the areas where tax is wasted by Scots .
the [coming with] table breaks down into 11 the areas where tax is wasted by scots .

The teacher accompanying the children had asked them not to sit along the back seat .
the teacher [coming with] the children had asked them not to sit along the back seat .

The accompanying teacher was Norman Pointer , 49 , from the Saltash area of Plymouth .
the [coming with] teacher was norman pointer , 49 , from the saltash area of plymouth .

The two instructors accompanying the party were qualified , their employers insisted last night .
the two instructors [coming with] the party were qualified , their employers insisted last night .

The accompanying maps indicate that February 1993 was considerably drier , duller and warmer than normal .
the [coming with] maps indicate that february 1993 was considerably drier , duller and warmer than normal .

The key change was the announcement that the income tax charge on company dividends is from 6 April to be cut from 25 to 20 per cent and that the accompanying tax credit will also be cut to 20 per cent .
the key change was the announcement that the income tax charge on company dividends is from 6 april to be cut from 25 to 20 per cent and that the [coming with] tax credit will also be cut to 20 per cent .

The attention is not so much of a problem when the dogs are puppies as the idea is to train the dog to not be afraid of people , but when this happens to a fully trained guide dog accompanying a blind person it can cause problems .
the attention is not so much of a problem when the dogs are puppies as the idea is to train the dog to not be afraid of people , but when this happens to a fully trained guide dog [coming with] a blind person it can cause problems .

Accompanying Noll at the clinic were Ray Willsey , who won two Super Bowl rings with the Los Angeles Raiders , Jack Bicknell , of the Barcelona Dragons , Oliver Luck , general manager of Frankfurt Galaxy , and the former Chicago Bears general manager , Jerry Vainisi .
[coming with] noll at the clinic were ray willsey , who won two super bowl rings with the los angeles raiders , jack bicknell , of the barcelona dragons , oliver luck , general manager of frankfurt galaxy , and the former chicago bears general manager , jerry vainisi .

Only occasionally did the accompanying instruments — which frequently had to use the speech rhythms of the voice — overshadow the words to the detriment of the story .
only occasionally did the [coming with] instruments — which frequently had to use the speech rhythms of the voice — overshadow the words to the detriment of the story .

The People 's Hotel is on a grand scale , and we drive in style to the Foreign Language Institute , where our course takes place , every day , in company with Comrade Gao ( Ministry of Education ) , Comrade Yu ( our local interpreter ) and Comrade Wu ( a lady in her forties who is accompanying us on the rest of our tour ) .
the people 's hotel is on a grand scale , and we drive in style to the foreign language institute , where our course takes place , every day , in company with comrade gao ( ministry of education ) , comrade yu ( our local interpreter ) and comrade wu ( a lady in her forties who is [coming with] us on the rest of our tour ) .

If the Mother ( or the adult ) accompanying the child is a full current member of the Society the child can be enrolled for 50p and receive a Medau balloon .
if the mother ( or the adult ) [coming with] the child is a full current member of the society the child can be enrolled for 50p and receive a medau balloon .

We ask you to acknowledge your understanding and acceptance of these by signing and returning the accompanying form .
we ask you to acknowledge your understanding and acceptance of these by signing and returning the [coming with] form .

The accompanying Code of Conduct and Procedure explains some of these expectations .
the [coming with] code of conduct and procedure explains some of these expectations .

Returning to England she was able to put her principles of movement teaching into practice with Molly accompanying her on the piano .
returning to england she was able to put her principles of movement teaching into practice with molly [coming with] her on the piano .

Tommy , who was accompanying them on the mouth-organ , noticed that Charlie could n't take his eyes off Rose the barmaid who , although on the wrong side of thirty , never stopped flirting with the young recruits .
tommy , who was [coming with] them on the mouth-organ , noticed that charlie could n't take his eyes off rose the barmaid who , although on the wrong side of thirty , never stopped flirting with the young recruits .

The accompanying gift for the gentlemen of the day , described as an aide , was a red leather pocket book containing an identical list of names ; and quite by chance during her researches Mrs Lamport visited a museum which had in its archives the partner book to her fan .
the [coming with] gift for the gentlemen of the day , described as an aide , was a red leather pocket book containing an identical list of names ; and quite by chance during her researches mrs lamport visited a museum which had in its archives the partner book to her fan .

Copies of the video , played at Billingham to some 100 people representing the local community , and the accompanying book are available for loan .
copies of the video , played at billingham to some 100 people representing the local community , and the [coming with] book are available for loan .

Although a number of visitors had spontaneously mentioned the quality of the labels as one of the factors which attracted them to the exhibitions , the questionnaire also contained a specific question on the adequacy of the labels accompanying exhibits .
although a number of visitors had spontaneously mentioned the quality of the labels as one of the factors which attracted them to the exhibitions , the questionnaire also contained a specific question on the adequacy of the labels [coming with] exhibits .

The 50-strong media entourage accompanying the Royal couple in South Korea subjected their marriage to the closest scrutiny on the four-day trip .
the 50-strong media entourage [coming with] the royal couple in south korea subjected their marriage to the closest scrutiny on the four-day trip .

Accompanying this personalised warfare , there returned a chivalry and a sporting instinct that had all but vanished with the advent of the army of the masses .
[coming with] this personalised warfare , there returned a chivalry and a sporting instinct that had all but vanished with the advent of the army of the masses .

The accompanying diagram shows the ‘ spaghetti bowl ’ of the flowchart in a simplified way , together with the main end-uses for the products .
the [coming with] diagram shows the ‘ spaghetti bowl ’ of the flowchart in a simplified way , together with the main end-uses for the products .

It dropped beyond Strath Bunker , once the haven of his storm-tossed countrymen , but speared the accompanying Hill Bunker .
it dropped beyond strath bunker , once the haven of his storm-tossed countrymen , but speared the [coming with] hill bunker .

Country stars of the day were hugely popular , accessing mass audiences through a thriving network of local radio stations , but the accompanying pressures of success often led the performers to personal excess and chemical abuse long before the rock ' n'rollers thought it was cool .
country stars of the day were hugely popular , accessing mass audiences through a thriving network of local radio stations , but the [coming with] pressures of success often led the performers to personal excess and chemical abuse long before the rock ' n'rollers thought it was cool .

The four principal strings are tensioned by full-sized Schaller machines and , though each pair of accompanying drones are identical in gauge , each is assigned a different-sized machine key to let you know exactly which one is being adjusted .
the four principal strings are tensioned by full-sized schaller machines and , though each pair of [coming with] drones are identical in gauge , each is assigned a different-sized machine key to let you know exactly which one is being adjusted .

To fully understand how these work it is vitally important that you take the time to compare the notes in the phrases to those in the accompanying chord progressions .
to fully understand how these work it is vitally important that you take the time to compare the notes in the phrases to those in the [coming with] chord progressions .

Entitled ‘ Too Much Fun ’ , the album is out on China Records and the accompanying tour is due soon .
entitled ‘ too much fun ’ , the album is out on china records and the [coming with] tour is due soon .

The basic idea is that you look through the book until you find a picture that is of the type you are going to take , and you then read the accompanying bar code into the camera .
the basic idea is that you look through the book until you find a picture that is of the type you are going to take , and you then read the [coming with] bar code into the camera .

Since the choked delivery has become one of his trademarks , it 's not a little disconcerting to hear a smooth vocal style accompanying his post- Graduate body movements .
since the choked delivery has become one of his trademarks , it 's not a little disconcerting to hear a smooth vocal style [coming with] his post- graduate body movements .

Accompanying Dustin on the trip were his wife and two daughters .
[coming with] dustin on the trip were his wife and two daughters .

Again , to do this effectively you need to think of how the intervals relate to the accompanying harmony .
again , to do this effectively you need to think of how the intervals relate to the [coming with] harmony .

At the same time it was expected that accompanying memoirs would be published explaining in detail the geology shown on the maps .
at the same time it was expected that [coming with] memoirs would be published explaining in detail the geology shown on the maps .

In the west , however , the acupuncture meridians and their accompanying acupuncture points were viewed with great scepticism and were considered to be merely figments of the imagination .
in the west , however , the acupuncture meridians and their [coming with] acupuncture points were viewed with great scepticism and were considered to be merely figments of the imagination .

Many machine-readable dictionaries are now available to academics for research purposes , although these are usually in the form of copies of typesetting tapes , and have no accompanying software for operating on the data .
many machine-readable dictionaries are now available to academics for research purposes , although these are usually in the form of copies of typesetting tapes , and have no [coming with] software for operating on the data .

In February 1952 , The Musical Express bade farewell to its readers with a final issue that blazed proudly on its cover ‘ Tommy Dorsey For Olympic Games ’ , the accompanying story telling of how bandleader Dorsey and his orchestra had been booked to play for four hours daily at the games in Finland that summer .
in february 1952 , the musical express bade farewell to its readers with a final issue that blazed proudly on its cover ‘ tommy dorsey for olympic games ’ , the [coming with] story telling of how bandleader dorsey and his orchestra had been booked to play for four hours daily at the games in finland that summer .

Article continues with little mention of artist in accompanying picture whilst scribe pours forth ridiculous but gaggingly witty comments on lifestyle of music journalists .
article continues with little mention of artist in [coming with] picture whilst scribe pours forth ridiculous but gaggingly witty comments on lifestyle of music journalists .

They were delivered to the woman concerned by Edouard de Chavigny 's English manservant , without any accompanying message .
they were delivered to the woman concerned by edouard de chavigny 's english manservant , without any [coming with] message .

She interwove the Emmaus story into her talk , mentioning words such as ‘ companioning ’ , ‘ accompanying ’ — which made me realise that we are all here to help see one another to the heavenly Jerusalem : — the word meaning a place of peace — ‘ Jerushalom ’ .
she interwove the emmaus story into her talk , mentioning words such as ‘ companioning ’ , ‘ [coming with] ’ — which made me realise that we are all here to help see one another to the heavenly jerusalem : — the word meaning a place of peace — ‘ jerushalom ’ .

The accompanying map shows the most substantial rivers , but the scale does not permit us to show every stream and tributary , of which there are many thousands .
the [coming with] map shows the most substantial rivers , but the scale does not permit us to show every stream and tributary , of which there are many thousands .

Provisional maps will have no accompanying descriptive text .
provisional maps will have no [coming with] descriptive text .

An accompanying technical report on the engineering geology is produced , based partly on the analysis and interpretation of geotechnical databases for each area .
an [coming with] technical report on the engineering geology is produced , based partly on the analysis and interpretation of geotechnical databases for each area .

An accompanying information pack stresses : ‘ Service Delivery Standards are not just documents of good intentions which can be safely disregarded or cynically ignored .
an [coming with] information pack stresses : ‘ service delivery standards are not just documents of good intentions which can be safely disregarded or cynically ignored .

The balls only occur in graves singly , normally accompanying female-rich graves , in eight cases associated with silver spoons , which are often perforated , both lying between the knees .
the balls only occur in graves singly , normally [coming with] female-rich graves , in eight cases associated with silver spoons , which are often perforated , both lying between the knees .

22–3 ) indicates a very wide range of composition , matched by the range found in Roman copper alloys which may suggest extensive use of scrap such as that found in bags accompanying skeletons ( Myres 1978 ) .
22–3 ) indicates a very wide range of composition , matched by the range found in roman copper alloys which may suggest extensive use of scrap such as that found in bags [coming with] skeletons ( myres 1978 ) .

The length of such shafts is difficult to determine except where there is an accompanying ferrule binding the foot .
the length of such shafts is difficult to determine except where there is an [coming with] ferrule binding the foot .

Cremation urns tend to have a greater volume than those accompanying inhumations predominantly in southern England .
cremation urns tend to have a greater volume than those [coming with] inhumations predominantly in southern england .

In each subject , and at each level , there is a learning book and an accompanying ‘ write-in ’ workbook .
in each subject , and at each level , there is a learning book and an [coming with] ‘ write-in ’ workbook .

At only £1.50 for a learning book and 75p for the accompanying workbook , the entire volume of thirty books costs just £33.75 .
at only £1.50 for a learning book and 75p for the [coming with] workbook , the entire volume of thirty books costs just £33.75 .

The hair was black , cropped short , the mouth looked like a casket holding mighty documents , and the eyes — the eyes were blue like electric shock-waves and held Lee as the eyes of an O'Toole or Cooper hold the audience when in close-up , like magnets , obliterating backdrops , Chinese plains , crazy broads , plots , accompanying scores , Orson Welles , everything .
the hair was black , cropped short , the mouth looked like a casket holding mighty documents , and the eyes — the eyes were blue like electric shock-waves and held lee as the eyes of an o'toole or cooper hold the audience when in close-up , like magnets , obliterating backdrops , chinese plains , crazy broads , plots , [coming with] scores , orson welles , everything .

His wife , a short , stocky woman , was accompanying two evacuees , a boy and a girl .
his wife , a short , stocky woman , was [coming with] two evacuees , a boy and a girl .

Francis Boyle , a well-known and distinguished professor of law at the University of Illinois , has dealt trenchantly ( see accompanying piece , right ) with the legal issues .
francis boyle , a well-known and distinguished professor of law at the university of illinois , has dealt trenchantly ( see [coming with] piece , right ) with the legal issues .

Thus a taxi driver , voting Conservative ‘ to keep the Muslims out of this country ’ , argues that ‘ with the blacks you can at least identify with Kenny Lynch ’ , while , at the other end of the social spectrum , a sketch accompanying a Bernard Levin column in the Times shows a Muslim wiping a blood-stained sword with the Union Jack .
thus a taxi driver , voting conservative ‘ to keep the muslims out of this country ’ , argues that ‘ with the blacks you can at least identify with kenny lynch ’ , while , at the other end of the social spectrum , a sketch [coming with] a bernard levin column in the times shows a muslim wiping a blood-stained sword with the union jack .

When President Shagari went on a state visit to Britain in March 1981 , the large press corps accompanying him included no representative of any ‘ opposition ’ newspaper or broadcasting organisation .
when president shagari went on a state visit to britain in march 1981 , the large press corps [coming with] him included no representative of any ‘ opposition ’ newspaper or broadcasting organisation .

It is important to give the under sheriff as much information as possible about the debtor and any assets he may have , in the letter accompanying the writ of fi .
it is important to give the under sheriff as much information as possible about the debtor and any assets he may have , in the letter [coming with] the writ of fi .

But from Ferrari 's point of view , this must have seemed like grave disrespect : if one legend runs a company , it has an inbuilt interest in creating accompanying , subsidiary legends .
but from ferrari 's point of view , this must have seemed like grave disrespect : if one legend runs a company , it has an inbuilt interest in creating [coming with] , subsidiary legends .

The appeal with this accompanying publicity played a useful part in the achievement of one million tons surplus as a result of the planting season of 1946 , earning not only welcome export currency but also considerable goodwill .
the appeal with this [coming with] publicity played a useful part in the achievement of one million tons surplus as a result of the planting season of 1946 , earning not only welcome export currency but also considerable goodwill .

Attractiveness of the location to delegates and their accompanying guests
attractiveness of the location to delegates and their [coming with] guests

But that 's all changing now , thanks primarily to switchless interface cards that you configure from the keyboard by running an accompanying set-up utility .
but that 's all changing now , thanks primarily to switchless interface cards that you configure from the keyboard by running an [coming with] set-up utility .

This kind of intelligent selection if the function of the accompanying software rather than the tape unit .
this kind of intelligent selection if the function of the [coming with] software rather than the tape unit .

Politics and knowledge have worked according to the same Hegelian dialectic , with its ‘ phallo-logocentric Aufhebung ’ — whether it be Marxism 's History , Europe 's colonial annexations and accompanying racism or orientalist scholarship , or , in a typical conflation of patriarchy and colonialism , Freud 's characterization of femininity as the dark unexplored continent ( ’ within his economy , she is the strangeness he likes to appropriate ' [ 68 ] ) .
politics and knowledge have worked according to the same hegelian dialectic , with its ‘ phallo-logocentric aufhebung ’ — whether it be marxism 's history , europe 's colonial annexations and [coming with] racism or orientalist scholarship , or , in a typical conflation of patriarchy and colonialism , freud 's characterization of femininity as the dark unexplored continent ( ’ within his economy , she is the strangeness he likes to appropriate ' [ 68 ] ) .

Today when the primacy of history above all else — the economic , even class conflict — is asserted within a Marxist discourse , together with an accompanying defence of humanism , it can usually be traced back to a Marxism of a Sartrean existentialist form .
today when the primacy of history above all else — the economic , even class conflict — is asserted within a marxist discourse , together with an [coming with] defence of humanism , it can usually be traced back to a marxism of a sartrean existentialist form .

His basic argument , that Marx proposed a new conception of knowledge defined against Hegelianism , implied an accompanying revision of the Hegelian concept of history , which , as we have seen in the cases of Lukács and Sartre , had hitherto provided the dominant model of Marxist historicism .
his basic argument , that marx proposed a new conception of knowledge defined against hegelianism , implied an [coming with] revision of the hegelian concept of history , which , as we have seen in the cases of lukács and sartre , had hitherto provided the dominant model of marxist historicism .

This focus on the link between the structures of knowledge and of power is increasingly related to an accompanying analysis of the discursive and technological mechanisms of repression and domination .
this focus on the link between the structures of knowledge and of power is increasingly related to an [coming with] analysis of the discursive and technological mechanisms of repression and domination .

‘ He 's supposed to be accompanying the Prince .
‘ he 's supposed to be [coming with] the prince .

He had insisted on accompanying Sharpe to Quatre Bras , not to fight , he said , but just for the chance of glimpsing the Emperor .
he had insisted on [coming with] sharpe to quatre bras , not to fight , he said , but just for the chance of glimpsing the emperor .

Circular 1/83 accompanying the Act devotes a section to under-fives and reiterates a commitment to integrating children with ‘ significant learning difficulties ’ or disabilities into mainstream pre-school provision ( p 13 ) .
circular 1/83 [coming with] the act devotes a section to under-fives and reiterates a commitment to integrating children with ‘ significant learning difficulties ’ or disabilities into mainstream pre-school provision ( p 13 ) .

Accompanying them were two police officers to look after the security arrangements .
[coming with] them were two police officers to look after the security arrangements .

The accompanying spy-fly clung to the ceiling of the carriage , surveying the Harlequin man till the train carried the spy-fly beyond its transmitting range .
the [coming with] spy-fly clung to the ceiling of the carriage , surveying the harlequin man till the train carried the spy-fly beyond its transmitting range .

His babe in arms would be no more responsive to Lloyd George 's leonine appearance than would an accompanying parakeet in a cage and if both , having seen him , were then carried around the National Gallery , it would be equally valid to claim that they had seen the works of art on display as well .
his babe in arms would be no more responsive to lloyd george 's leonine appearance than would an [coming with] parakeet in a cage and if both , having seen him , were then carried around the national gallery , it would be equally valid to claim that they had seen the works of art on display as well .

In conjunction with this the therapist will need to know how much soiling is accompanying the learning of appropriate toilet habits .
in conjunction with this the therapist will need to know how much soiling is [coming with] the learning of appropriate toilet habits .

Other issues were raised such as the practice of banning Chinese from western hotels in the major cities unless they were on official business or actually accompanying foreigners .
other issues were raised such as the practice of banning chinese from western hotels in the major cities unless they were on official business or actually [coming with] foreigners .

The accompanying text pages explore these questions and give definite answers as a basis for discussion .
the [coming with] text pages explore these questions and give definite answers as a basis for discussion .

For the four questions that go with this , sample answers are provided on the accompanying text pages .
for the four questions that go with this , sample answers are provided on the [coming with] text pages .

It is the same as Handout 1 apart from the accompanying questions and instructions .
it is the same as handout 1 apart from the [coming with] questions and instructions .

How far this is possible depends to a great extent on the quality of the instructions accompanying the assessment procedure .
how far this is possible depends to a great extent on the quality of the instructions [coming with] the assessment procedure .

Sustad is phlegmatic and observes the irony that Bettembourg had remained in Chamonix when he had intended accompanying the expedition .
sustad is phlegmatic and observes the irony that bettembourg had remained in chamonix when he had intended [coming with] the expedition .

‘ This bottle treats 800 gallons ’ , the gentleman stated , reading from the accompanying leaflet . ‘ Will that be big enough for my pond ? ’
‘ this bottle treats 800 gallons ’ , the gentleman stated , reading from the [coming with] leaflet . ‘ will that be big enough for my pond ? ’

As Banderas struggles to come to terms with the choices being offered him — remaining a serious but relatively obscure actor in European films , or accepting the international stardom Hollywood dangles seductively before him with its accompanying riches and loss of privacy — the roles currently being offered seem eerily appropriate .
as banderas struggles to come to terms with the choices being offered him — remaining a serious but relatively obscure actor in european films , or accepting the international stardom hollywood dangles seductively before him with its [coming with] riches and loss of privacy — the roles currently being offered seem eerily appropriate .

As people become older , the experience of the death of close relatives and friends occurs more frequently ; multiple losses of different sorts , with accompanying periods of bereavement can also cause considerable sadness and sometimes depression .
as people become older , the experience of the death of close relatives and friends occurs more frequently ; multiple losses of different sorts , with [coming with] periods of bereavement can also cause considerable sadness and sometimes depression .

As already suggested , the social worker should ensure that the principal carer , be this a relative or neighbour , visits the residential Home prior to the admission , accompanying the elderly person if this is wanted .
as already suggested , the social worker should ensure that the principal carer , be this a relative or neighbour , visits the residential home prior to the admission , [coming with] the elderly person if this is wanted .

The children from Leeds were accompanying 14 French pupils , aged 11 to 18 , on an exchange visit , were turfed off the bus at a shopping complex in Gateshead , Tyne and Wear .
the children from leeds were [coming with] 14 french pupils , aged 11 to 18 , on an exchange visit , were turfed off the bus at a shopping complex in gateshead , tyne and wear .

The first Leopold heard of it was when his son coolly informed him that he was accompanying Aloysia and her father for a few days to visit the Princess of Orange at Kircheim-Bolanden , where Aloysia was to sing several arias that Wolfgang had written for her .
the first leopold heard of it was when his son coolly informed him that he was [coming with] aloysia and her father for a few days to visit the princess of orange at kircheim-bolanden , where aloysia was to sing several arias that wolfgang had written for her .

Fleischmann was alluding to the strategic importance of lithium-6 , which is present as 7.5 per cent of all naturally occurring lithium and is an important ingredient in thermonuclear weapons as it can be cleft by neutrons to make tritium , the essential fuel , and can fuse with deuterium to make helium-4 , releasing energy in the form of gamma rays without accompanying neutrons .
fleischmann was alluding to the strategic importance of lithium-6 , which is present as 7.5 per cent of all naturally occurring lithium and is an important ingredient in thermonuclear weapons as it can be cleft by neutrons to make tritium , the essential fuel , and can fuse with deuterium to make helium-4 , releasing energy in the form of gamma rays without [coming with] neutrons .

And even though these events could be elevating there 's a chance of some accompanying stress .
and even though these events could be elevating there 's a chance of some [coming with] stress .

‘ Gazza has opened the floodgates for British players ’ is how the headline accompanying Corriere dello Sport 's article roughly translates .
‘ gazza has opened the floodgates for british players ’ is how the headline [coming with] corriere dello sport 's article roughly translates .

Instead , the siege mentality towards the accompanying press party , that has wrecked morale on previous tours , notably the 1986 trip to the West Indies , has set in again with a vengeance .
instead , the siege mentality towards the [coming with] press party , that has wrecked morale on previous tours , notably the 1986 trip to the west indies , has set in again with a vengeance .

An introductory programme to show how the service works and how to get the most from the accompanying training materials .
an introductory programme to show how the service works and how to get the most from the [coming with] training materials .

The image of the Swastika accompanying the Yagna is either drawn or formed on the ground .
the image of the swastika [coming with] the yagna is either drawn or formed on the ground .

In Hinduism ‘ Om ’ is the primal sound or vibration accompanying the creative process .
in hinduism ‘ om ’ is the primal sound or vibration [coming with] the creative process .

An accompanying physical effect may also occur .
an [coming with] physical effect may also occur .

Yogic meditative techniques allow this state to occur with the accompanying realisation that all things in reality are one , sharing a subtle flavour , although we normally experience them as being independent of each other .
yogic meditative techniques allow this state to occur with the [coming with] realisation that all things in reality are one , sharing a subtle flavour , although we normally experience them as being independent of each other .

It had to be brewed , kept and served , together with the accompanying mass of food , on a regular basis .
it had to be brewed , kept and served , together with the [coming with] mass of food , on a regular basis .

What music would you like to hear accompanying the series ?
what music would you like to hear [coming with] the series ?

The draft secondary legislation , with a commentary and accompanying explanatory notes , has now been issued as part of a consultation exercise to various trade representative bodies .
the draft secondary legislation , with a commentary and [coming with] explanatory notes , has now been issued as part of a consultation exercise to various trade representative bodies .

The substance , cross referenced to the introduction , provides a full and detailed commentary on the private and public law provisions and their accompanying rules , regulations and guidance for those who practise within the child care arena .
the substance , cross referenced to the introduction , provides a full and detailed commentary on the private and public law provisions and their [coming with] rules , regulations and guidance for those who practise within the child care arena .

Dicentric chromosomal lesions with accompanying dissimilar chromosomal fragments result in cell death in mitosis , and their frequency therefore gives a measure of intermitotic time .
dicentric chromosomal lesions with [coming with] dissimilar chromosomal fragments result in cell death in mitosis , and their frequency therefore gives a measure of intermitotic time .

Note added in proof : The accompanying paper by Schlesinger and Ramankutty , which was shown to us after we had submitted this paper , also considers the relative importance of greenhouse , sulphate aerosol and solar forcing .
note added in proof : the [coming with] paper by schlesinger and ramankutty , which was shown to us after we had submitted this paper , also considers the relative importance of greenhouse , sulphate aerosol and solar forcing .

Accompanying the expanded domain of r4 expression , neural crest cells migrating from this region also express r4 markers .
[coming with] the expanded domain of r4 expression , neural crest cells migrating from this region also express r4 markers .

The suggestion that Etnean fissures may store magma before eruption was originally made to explain small gravity changes accompanying drainage of a dyke in March 1981 .
the suggestion that etnean fissures may store magma before eruption was originally made to explain small gravity changes [coming with] drainage of a dyke in march 1981 .

Their 19th-century kings , with accompanying royal courts , were sent to them from north-west Europe .
their 19th-century kings , with [coming with] royal courts , were sent to them from north-west europe .

An accompanying facilitators ' pack contains nine training sessions of roughly 90-minutes .
an [coming with] facilitators ' pack contains nine training sessions of roughly 90-minutes .

Their downfall came with the financial collapse of the Canary Wharf project , and the accompanying collapse of their hopes to create an alternative financial centre to the City of London .
their downfall came with the financial collapse of the canary wharf project , and the [coming with] collapse of their hopes to create an alternative financial centre to the city of london .

Extensive experience with decriminalisation in Holland shows that not only is there no accompanying surge in consumption — allowing for the inrush of addicts from more restrictive countries — but related crime falls when drugs are legalised .
extensive experience with decriminalisation in holland shows that not only is there no [coming with] surge in consumption — allowing for the inrush of addicts from more restrictive countries — but related crime falls when drugs are legalised .

After a 16-year ban , shops will now be allowed to display English ( or Italian or other language ) signs outside , so long as an accompanying French sign is ‘ markedly predominant ’ — that is , twice as big .
after a 16-year ban , shops will now be allowed to display english ( or italian or other language ) signs outside , so long as an [coming with] french sign is ‘ markedly predominant ’ — that is , twice as big .

In the catalogue accompanying the exhibition Sarah Whitfield argues that Goya provided ‘ a prime example of art as a form of moral protest ’ and gave him a subject-matter which lay outside the conventional iconography of Christian art .
in the catalogue [coming with] the exhibition sarah whitfield argues that goya provided ‘ a prime example of art as a form of moral protest ’ and gave him a subject-matter which lay outside the conventional iconography of christian art .

You will frequently see a garment in a shape that suits pattern stitches and fabrics other than those suggested in the accompanying instructions .
you will frequently see a garment in a shape that suits pattern stitches and fabrics other than those suggested in the [coming with] instructions .

William insisted on accompanying Hari as she left the house and made her way towards the docks .
william insisted on [coming with] hari as she left the house and made her way towards the docks .

The third problem with the existing legislation is that it is confined to gold and silver only , giving archaeologists no control over accompanying objects in other materials which are often of equal archaeological importance .
the third problem with the existing legislation is that it is confined to gold and silver only , giving archaeologists no control over [coming with] objects in other materials which are often of equal archaeological importance .

The accompanying book , Angelica Kauffman : a continental artist in Georgian England , edited by Wendy Wassyng Roworth , is published by Reaktion Books with the Brighton Pavilion at a cost of £9.95 .
the [coming with] book , angelica kauffman : a continental artist in georgian england , edited by wendy wassyng roworth , is published by reaktion books with the brighton pavilion at a cost of £9.95 .

The MoMA show will be the first sizeable examination of this subject in North America and has been curated by Riva Castleman who has written an accompanying brochure .
the moma show will be the first sizeable examination of this subject in north america and has been curated by riva castleman who has written an [coming with] brochure .

This is a handsome catalogue which cries out to have an accompanying text volume .
this is a handsome catalogue which cries out to have an [coming with] text volume .

American history , from pre-Columbian times to the present , is told through more than eighty works of art with accompanying texts in English and Spanish by Edith Pavese in United States History in Notable Works of Art , ( £25 , $ 29.95 ) .
american history , from pre-columbian times to the present , is told through more than eighty works of art with [coming with] texts in english and spanish by edith pavese in united states history in notable works of art , ( £25 , $ 29.95 ) .

The accompanying debate about population problems gave rise to much published discussion and research which reveals both the experiences and societal perceptions of the elderly in this period .
the [coming with] debate about population problems gave rise to much published discussion and research which reveals both the experiences and societal perceptions of the elderly in this period .

The projects are illustrated in the accompanying catalogue .
the projects are illustrated in the [coming with] catalogue .

Picon says that its twenty-five active members are funding the lecture series accompanying ‘ The Greek Miracle ’ show , as well as library purchases and other activities .
picon says that its twenty-five active members are funding the lecture series [coming with] ‘ the greek miracle ’ show , as well as library purchases and other activities .

The excellent accompanying essays set their work within the context of European landscape painting and provide general overviews of their careers .
the excellent [coming with] essays set their work within the context of european landscape painting and provide general overviews of their careers .

Accompanying press-release refers to ‘ snack-sized bites ’ of information , this presumably being standard National Curriculum fare .
[coming with] press-release refers to ‘ snack-sized bites ’ of information , this presumably being standard national curriculum fare .

In the accompanying chairman 's statement , John Partridge said that the market for the year covered had been one the of the most difficult he had seen in thirty years of heading the company , with a particularly poor level of sales in the early summer months .
in the [coming with] chairman 's statement , john partridge said that the market for the year covered had been one the of the most difficult he had seen in thirty years of heading the company , with a particularly poor level of sales in the early summer months .

The present exhibition differs in that it takes a thematic approach , organising the material around six key subjects which are further examined in a series of essays in the accompanying catalogue .
the present exhibition differs in that it takes a thematic approach , organising the material around six key subjects which are further examined in a series of essays in the [coming with] catalogue .

The Peggy Guggenheim Collection is continuing its exhibitions programme with a show of the work of Venetian painter Giuseppe Santomaso ( 1907–90 ) curated by Fred Licht ( with an accompanying essay by Carlo Bertelli ) .
the peggy guggenheim collection is continuing its exhibitions programme with a show of the work of venetian painter giuseppe santomaso ( 1907–90 ) curated by fred licht ( with an [coming with] essay by carlo bertelli ) .

The influence of the early structures ( examined in the accompanying exhibition ) is evident in the series drawings of the 1970s which deploy layers of broken and unbroken lines and arcs in primary colour combinations .
the influence of the early structures ( examined in the [coming with] exhibition ) is evident in the series drawings of the 1970s which deploy layers of broken and unbroken lines and arcs in primary colour combinations .

An accompanying catalogue — designed by the artist — contains new essays by Rosalind Kraus and David Batchelor , together with a number of previously unpublished illustrations and texts .
an [coming with] catalogue — designed by the artist — contains new essays by rosalind kraus and david batchelor , together with a number of previously unpublished illustrations and texts .

Accompanying each display will be a catalogue published by Zielo which will draw on the work of the overall catalogue .
[coming with] each display will be a catalogue published by zielo which will draw on the work of the overall catalogue .

The accompanying catalogue has an essay by Robert Lubar ( 12 February to 13 March ) .
the [coming with] catalogue has an essay by robert lubar ( 12 february to 13 march ) .

Many of the texts are recorded on the accompanying cassette .
many of the texts are recorded on the [coming with] cassette .

Exercises linked to the accompanying cassette .
exercises linked to the [coming with] cassette .

The group is rounded off with a two-page grammar summary and accompanying set of exercises .
the group is rounded off with a two-page grammar summary and [coming with] set of exercises .

The activities accompanying the texts go well beyond checking comprehension .
the activities [coming with] the texts go well beyond checking comprehension .

The new accompanying supplementary series will soon be available .
the new [coming with] supplementary series will soon be available .

The test booklet accompanying each coursebook contains four tests , each covering twenty units of the book concerned .
the test booklet [coming with] each coursebook contains four tests , each covering twenty units of the book concerned .

Each pack contains a book , accompanying cassette and parent/teacher notes , giving full instructions on how to integrate the cassette with the book either in the classroom or at home .
each pack contains a book , [coming with] cassette and parent/teacher notes , giving full instructions on how to integrate the cassette with the book either in the classroom or at home .

Each pack contains a book , accompanying cassette , and notes to guide the parent or teacher in English , French , Italian , Spanish , Arabic , Greek , Japanese , and Portuguese .
each pack contains a book , [coming with] cassette , and notes to guide the parent or teacher in english , french , italian , spanish , arabic , greek , japanese , and portuguese .

The Video Guide gives the teacher step-by-step guidance on making the best integrated use of the video and the accompanying materials .
the video guide gives the teacher step-by-step guidance on making the best integrated use of the video and the [coming with] materials .

Children have to extract the necessary information from these passages in order to complete a page of enjoyable activities in the accompanying Workbook .
children have to extract the necessary information from these passages in order to complete a page of enjoyable activities in the [coming with] workbook .

Accompanying listening tapes provide models for exceptionally thorough work on pronunciation , stress , and intonation .
[coming with] listening tapes provide models for exceptionally thorough work on pronunciation , stress , and intonation .

The workbook contains a number of novel features to Streets Ahead which actively encourage learner independence , including a personal phrase file , in which students built up their own lists of useful phrases , vocabulary , and social exchanges , review pages for self-assessment , games and puzzles , extra reading material , and special listening tasks with an accompanying Student 's Cassette .
the workbook contains a number of novel features to streets ahead which actively encourage learner independence , including a personal phrase file , in which students built up their own lists of useful phrases , vocabulary , and social exchanges , review pages for self-assessment , games and puzzles , extra reading material , and special listening tasks with an [coming with] student 's cassette .

Children learn to listen by following instructions for the activities , which are recorded on the accompanying cassette .
children learn to listen by following instructions for the activities , which are recorded on the [coming with] cassette .

Advantages and weaknesses of individual types are described in a good accompanying commentary .
advantages and weaknesses of individual types are described in a good [coming with] commentary .

Accompanying these fiscal restraints were demands for greater accountability over the ways in which schools used their resources and fulfilled their broader teaching responsibilities .
[coming with] these fiscal restraints were demands for greater accountability over the ways in which schools used their resources and fulfilled their broader teaching responsibilities .

An accompanying development was that , from the 1960s , employers ' associations in some important industries changed the emphasis of their role .
an [coming with] development was that , from the 1960s , employers ' associations in some important industries changed the emphasis of their role .

The first announcement made by Miss Cackle at assembly was the ghastly news that Miss Hardbroom had changed places with Miss Gimlett , and would now be accompanying her old form into their second year .
the first announcement made by miss cackle at assembly was the ghastly news that miss hardbroom had changed places with miss gimlett , and would now be [coming with] her old form into their second year .

Iain Walker became well-known in climbing circles for accompanying the 1988 Bonington Menlungste expedition , which was dressed up for sponsorship purposes as a yeti hunt .
iain walker became well-known in climbing circles for [coming with] the 1988 bonington menlungste expedition , which was dressed up for sponsorship purposes as a yeti hunt .

Conversion , which emphasises the human response , would be impossible without the accompanying initiative-taking and power-enabling act of God .
conversion , which emphasises the human response , would be impossible without the [coming with] initiative-taking and power-enabling act of god .

Some of the vehicles accompanying the troops were direct from the factory with wood and fibreglass sections still unpainted .
some of the vehicles [coming with] the troops were direct from the factory with wood and fibreglass sections still unpainted .

There are two distinct phases to Ramsay 's career , and two accompanying styles .
there are two distinct phases to ramsay 's career , and two [coming with] styles .

4 wishes to take an non-exclusive licence to use the Existing Documentation as the basis of publishing documentation to accompany both the Licensed Software and the Student Disks as described in Part 3 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement ( ‘ the Accompanying Documentation ’ ) .
4 wishes to take an non-exclusive licence to use the existing documentation as the basis of publishing documentation to accompany both the licensed software and the student disks as described in part 3 of schedule 1 to this agreement ( ‘ the [coming with] documentation ’ ) .

1.1.3 a non-exclusive licence during the legal term of copyright ( including any renewals ) to use the Existing Documentation for the purpose of creating the Accompanying Documentation in such languages as deems appropriate , and publishing , marketing , distributing , licensing and selling the Accompanying Documentation in the Agreed Territories ;
1.1.3 a non-exclusive licence during the legal term of copyright ( including any renewals ) to use the existing documentation for the purpose of creating the [coming with] documentation in such languages as deems appropriate , and publishing , marketing , distributing , licensing and selling the [coming with] documentation in the agreed territories ;

1.6.3 not to alter , obscure , remove , conceal or otherwise interfere with any eye-readable or machine-readable marking on the Licensed Software or its packaging which refers to as author or developer of the Licensed Software or otherwise refers to ' copyright in the Licensed Software or de Wilde 's Marketing rights and copyright in the accompanying documentation and language modules ;
1.6.3 not to alter , obscure , remove , conceal or otherwise interfere with any eye-readable or machine-readable marking on the licensed software or its packaging which refers to as author or developer of the licensed software or otherwise refers to ' copyright in the licensed software or de wilde 's marketing rights and copyright in the [coming with] documentation and language modules ;

12.2 undertakes to make the product and the Licensed Software and the Accompanying Documentation comply with local legislation in effect in the Territories .
12.2 undertakes to make the product and the licensed software and the [coming with] documentation comply with local legislation in effect in the territories .

the Licensed Software has been used at all times properly and in accordance with instructions for use as set out in the Accompanying Documentation
the licensed software has been used at all times properly and in accordance with instructions for use as set out in the [coming with] documentation

It is proposed that the Accompanying Documentation will consist of the following :
it is proposed that the [coming with] documentation will consist of the following :

Package means software , user manual and all other items accompanying this Agreement .
package means software , user manual and all other items [coming with] this agreement .

4 In consideration of the above payments the Publisher will be entitled to distribute the Video worldwide and for an unlimited period of time for non-broadcast use only and to use any still photographs in any books published to accompany the Video or in any publicity or promotion material for the Video and accompanying books .
4 in consideration of the above payments the publisher will be entitled to distribute the video worldwide and for an unlimited period of time for non-broadcast use only and to use any still photographs in any books published to accompany the video or in any publicity or promotion material for the video and [coming with] books .

We have the right to use any stills taken from the Video and to take any photographs during the shooting and use these in accompanying print materials and publicity matter .
we have the right to use any stills taken from the video and to take any photographs during the shooting and use these in [coming with] print materials and publicity matter .

You will be acknowledged by name in the final credits of the Video in the event of it proceeding to completion and in any video credits in the accompanying print material which may be published .
you will be acknowledged by name in the final credits of the video in the event of it proceeding to completion and in any video credits in the [coming with] print material which may be published .

We have the right to use any stills taken from the Video and to take any photographs during the shooting and use these in accompanying print materials and publicity matter .
we have the right to use any stills taken from the video and to take any photographs during the shooting and use these in [coming with] print materials and publicity matter .

You will be acknowledged by name in the final credits of the Video in the event of it proceeding to completion and in any video credits in the accompanying print material which may be published .
you will be acknowledged by name in the final credits of the video in the event of it proceeding to completion and in any video credits in the [coming with] print material which may be published .

4 In consideration of the above payments the Publisher will be entitled to distribute the Video worldwide and for an unlimited period of time for non-broadcast use only and to use any still photographs in any books published to accompany the Video or in any publicity or promotion material for the Video and accompanying books .
4 in consideration of the above payments the publisher will be entitled to distribute the video worldwide and for an unlimited period of time for non-broadcast use only and to use any still photographs in any books published to accompany the video or in any publicity or promotion material for the video and [coming with] books .

We have the right to use any stills taken from the Video and to take any photographs during the shooting and use these in accompanying print materials and publicity matter .
we have the right to use any stills taken from the video and to take any photographs during the shooting and use these in [coming with] print materials and publicity matter .

You will be acknowledged by name in the final credits of the Video in the event of it proceeding to completion and in any video credits in the accompanying print material which may be published .
you will be acknowledged by name in the final credits of the video in the event of it proceeding to completion and in any video credits in the [coming with] print material which may be published .

3 On receipt of this letter signed and endorsed by you , we will pay you a fee of — in outright purchase of the copyright in the script for use in the videos and accompanying print material for world non-broadcast use .
3 on receipt of this letter signed and endorsed by you , we will pay you a fee of — in outright purchase of the copyright in the script for use in the videos and [coming with] print material for world non-broadcast use .

Towards the end of the century pornographic magazines , which extensively used the sexual content of cases with accompanying obscene prints , began to emerge and the number of these kinds of magazines increased appreciably after 1800 .
towards the end of the century pornographic magazines , which extensively used the sexual content of cases with [coming with] obscene prints , began to emerge and the number of these kinds of magazines increased appreciably after 1800 .

The Star 's report on the day of the verdict — accompanying two photographs of the victim and one of the alleged assailant — indicated the extent of her distress after the case :
the star 's report on the day of the verdict — [coming with] two photographs of the victim and one of the alleged assailant — indicated the extent of her distress after the case :

For further details of the competition , case notes and accompanying information for teachers , please write to
for further details of the competition , case notes and [coming with] information for teachers , please write to

Tennis World looks at tennis courts and their accompanying facilities
tennis world looks at tennis courts and their [coming with] facilities

Your personal development programme will include on-the-job training in a supportive environment , accompanying senior colleagues on visits and attending residential courses and local tutorials .
your personal development programme will include on-the-job training in a supportive environment , [coming with] senior colleagues on visits and attending residential courses and local tutorials .

Continue walking at your own speed , pulling slightly on the leash in order to tighten the choke chain , accompanying this with the command ‘ heel ’ .
continue walking at your own speed , pulling slightly on the leash in order to tighten the choke chain , [coming with] this with the command ‘ heel ’ .

While military , Falangist and Carlist units , fanning out from rebel-held Seville , Cádiz , Córdoba and Granada , set about conquering the rest of Andalusia , Franco 's Army of Africa and its accompanying Moorish troops pushed rapidly northwards from their southern beach-head into Extremadura and towards Madrid .
while military , falangist and carlist units , fanning out from rebel-held seville , cádiz , córdoba and granada , set about conquering the rest of andalusia , franco 's army of africa and its [coming with] moorish troops pushed rapidly northwards from their southern beach-head into extremadura and towards madrid .

Oliver 's permanent expression of sadness was very suitable , the undertaker thought , for collecting dead bodies from houses and accompanying the coffins to funerals .
oliver 's permanent expression of sadness was very suitable , the undertaker thought , for collecting dead bodies from houses and [coming with] the coffins to funerals .

But in a language such as Arabic , where gender distinctions are reflected not only in nouns and pronouns but also in the concord between these and their accompanying verbs and adjectives , the resulting structures would clearly be much more cumbersome than in English .
but in a language such as arabic , where gender distinctions are reflected not only in nouns and pronouns but also in the concord between these and their [coming with] verbs and adjectives , the resulting structures would clearly be much more cumbersome than in english .

The ocean bill of lading 's transformation from an appendage of the charter party to a document of title was inevitable once shippers discontinued the practice of accompanying their wares during maritime carriage , and entrusted them to the ocean carriers .
the ocean bill of lading 's transformation from an appendage of the charter party to a document of title was inevitable once shippers discontinued the practice of [coming with] their wares during maritime carriage , and entrusted them to the ocean carriers .

‘ 'Good morning , ’ he says , ’ she complained as Judith returned from accompanying the minister to the front door .
‘ 'good morning , ’ he says , ’ she complained as judith returned from [coming with] the minister to the front door .

This instrument offers a variety of sounds , including that of the classical piano , the pop-based electric piano which is useful for effects and atmosphere and for accompanying solo singing , and the harpsichord or clavichord for older music .
this instrument offers a variety of sounds , including that of the classical piano , the pop-based electric piano which is useful for effects and atmosphere and for [coming with] solo singing , and the harpsichord or clavichord for older music .

This is sometimes used as a complement to the organ in accompanying Early , Renaissance , Tudor and Baroque music .
this is sometimes used as a complement to the organ in [coming with] early , renaissance , tudor and baroque music .

Rather these books exhibit concrete problem-solutions that the profession has come to accept as paradigms , and they then ask the student , either with a pencil and paper , or in the laboratory , to solve for himself problems very closely related both in method and substance to those which the text or accompanying lecture has led him through .
rather these books exhibit concrete problem-solutions that the profession has come to accept as paradigms , and they then ask the student , either with a pencil and paper , or in the laboratory , to solve for himself problems very closely related both in method and substance to those which the text or [coming with] lecture has led him through .

Accompanying this measure was a national scheme , operated by the local authorities , for rate-payers unable to meet a full rates bill .
[coming with] this measure was a national scheme , operated by the local authorities , for rate-payers unable to meet a full rates bill .

By this means , the Government is accompanying its move away from full citizenship on economic and welfare fronts to a curtailment in the political domain .
by this means , the government is [coming with] its move away from full citizenship on economic and welfare fronts to a curtailment in the political domain .

Many of the prospectuses and some of the accompanying letters noted changes in the content of courses , e.g .
many of the prospectuses and some of the [coming with] letters noted changes in the content of courses , e.g .

Each year , the audited accounts and accompanying audit report are sent to the Secretary of State who , in turn , presents them to Parliament .
each year , the audited accounts and [coming with] audit report are sent to the secretary of state who , in turn , presents them to parliament .

The database cross-refers to the printed book , citing page numbers so children can examine the printed definitions of the words with accompanying illustrations .
the database cross-refers to the printed book , citing page numbers so children can examine the printed definitions of the words with [coming with] illustrations .

In the truck are servants and armed guards accompanying the safari goods .
in the truck are servants and armed guards [coming with] the safari goods .

The archaeologists accompanying the mummies remarked on the way these scenes echoed the mourning scenes in the tombs themselves .
the archaeologists [coming with] the mummies remarked on the way these scenes echoed the mourning scenes in the tombs themselves .

In the bound notebook and accompanying drawings , reference and photocopies of data , there will be the factual answer to any query .
in the bound notebook and [coming with] drawings , reference and photocopies of data , there will be the factual answer to any query .

These leaps can be over 3 metres high , and the accompanying kicks release scent from glands on their fetlocks into the air .
these leaps can be over 3 metres high , and the [coming with] kicks release scent from glands on their fetlocks into the air .

One for you , `` said Frederica to Alexander , still skimming the necessary accompanying print . ``
one for you , `` said frederica to alexander , still skimming the necessary [coming with] print . ``

Wherever sales of videocassette machines are booming , there is an accompanying boom in video hire facilities .
wherever sales of videocassette machines are booming , there is an [coming with] boom in video hire facilities .

All of this in addition to , and often accompanying , speech .
all of this in addition to , and often [coming with] , speech .

However the labour accompanying the birth of a first baby is often quite long and can be difficult , and this is true whatever the age of the mother .
however the labour [coming with] the birth of a first baby is often quite long and can be difficult , and this is true whatever the age of the mother .

The accompanying map ( 5.1 ) of seventeenth-century Siberia shows about twenty nationalities , but this too is a simplification .
the [coming with] map ( 5.1 ) of seventeenth-century siberia shows about twenty nationalities , but this too is a simplification .

At the same time , Denyer had the idea of setting up an accompanying exhibition : it seemed an obvious extension of the book .
at the same time , denyer had the idea of setting up an [coming with] exhibition : it seemed an obvious extension of the book .

There are changes in relations of production , too , most importantly , the first significant encroachment on music production resources by the working-class young , and accompanying this is the opening up of a new youth market , which is structurally less tied to established class roles than older generations .
there are changes in relations of production , too , most importantly , the first significant encroachment on music production resources by the working-class young , and [coming with] this is the opening up of a new youth market , which is structurally less tied to established class roles than older generations .

Indeed , there is again a danger of assigning such developments a too simply determinative role : Cutler refers to the innate qualities of these ‘ internal forces ’ , and the role of the ‘ external forces ’ ( the relations of production , together with the accompanying ideological/expressive superstructure ) seems to be solely to realize their potential .
indeed , there is again a danger of assigning such developments a too simply determinative role : cutler refers to the innate qualities of these ‘ internal forces ’ , and the role of the ‘ external forces ’ ( the relations of production , together with the [coming with] ideological/expressive superstructure ) seems to be solely to realize their potential .

But this would also account for the fact that within this system many singers — Marie Lloyd , for instance — retained performing styles heavily influenced by oral traditions ; they often did not read music — as , notoriously , the accompanying orchestras had to remember .
but this would also account for the fact that within this system many singers — marie lloyd , for instance — retained performing styles heavily influenced by oral traditions ; they often did not read music — as , notoriously , the [coming with] orchestras had to remember .

More specifically though , the sharpest decline in employment in manufacturing within this period came in the later 1960s , with the ‘ shake-out ’ associated with the merger boom and the accompanying ‘ rationalisation ’ of enterprises ' activities , a process which was in part stimulated by fiscal deflation and in part actively sponsored by quasi-state agencies such as the Labour government 's Industrial Reorganisation Corporation .
more specifically though , the sharpest decline in employment in manufacturing within this period came in the later 1960s , with the ‘ shake-out ’ associated with the merger boom and the [coming with] ‘ rationalisation ’ of enterprises ' activities , a process which was in part stimulated by fiscal deflation and in part actively sponsored by quasi-state agencies such as the labour government 's industrial reorganisation corporation .

In some cases , the accompanying wall texts give details of the sittings : , the model for Euan Uglow 's ‘ Zagi ’ ( 1981–2 ) sat for five hours a day , five or six days a week , during a period from Easter 1981 to Easter 1982 .
in some cases , the [coming with] wall texts give details of the sittings : , the model for euan uglow 's ‘ zagi ’ ( 1981–2 ) sat for five hours a day , five or six days a week , during a period from easter 1981 to easter 1982 .

The accompanying letter , in its entirety , read as follows :
the [coming with] letter , in its entirety , read as follows :

On the other hand , Hugh Sixsmith might have responded to the spirit and the letter of Alistair 's accompanying note — and dropped Offensive from Quasar 13 into his wastepaper basket within minutes of its arrival : four months ago .
on the other hand , hugh sixsmith might have responded to the spirit and the letter of alistair 's [coming with] note — and dropped offensive from quasar 13 into his wastepaper basket within minutes of its arrival : four months ago .

This quotes order/office : Chris Lloyd , to whom we made out the cheque accompanying our order .
this quotes order/office : chris lloyd , to whom we made out the cheque [coming with] our order .

Splendid piece of humbug from the Sunday Times in the copy accompanying their class photo of the Best of Young British : ‘ Ten years ago … the chosen ones were greeted with a loud hooray .
splendid piece of humbug from the sunday times in the copy [coming with] their class photo of the best of young british : ‘ ten years ago … the chosen ones were greeted with a loud hooray .

An accompanying central government preoccupation about local government in this period was the fact that it was becoming an increasing spender ( not surprisingly , in the light of central government 's expectations of it in areas like education , personal social services and housing ) .
an [coming with] central government preoccupation about local government in this period was the fact that it was becoming an increasing spender ( not surprisingly , in the light of central government 's expectations of it in areas like education , personal social services and housing ) .

In addition the bride and groom or hosts could express thanks in the form of a short note and accompanying photo or small gift .
in addition the bride and groom or hosts could express thanks in the form of a short note and [coming with] photo or small gift .

53 of 150 patients had abnormalities of oxygenation on hospital recordings , 28 of whom had an accompanying clinical event .
53 of 150 patients had abnormalities of oxygenation on hospital recordings , 28 of whom had an [coming with] clinical event .

Assessors can use an accompanying checklist to make a more detailed assessment of certain factors , allowing the resulting completed form to reflect more closely and personally the assessed person 's needs .
assessors can use an [coming with] checklist to make a more detailed assessment of certain factors , allowing the resulting completed form to reflect more closely and personally the assessed person 's needs .

Adequate discharge planning will be a key factor in introducing successfully both care management and the accompanying changes in residential care funding .
adequate discharge planning will be a key factor in introducing successfully both care management and the [coming with] changes in residential care funding .

The accompanying plaque reads :
the [coming with] plaque reads :

The accompanying editorial , without scientific justification , calls for suspension of all human studies of possible efficacy of gangliosides because the substances are considered to be potentially immunogenic .
the [coming with] editorial , without scientific justification , calls for suspension of all human studies of possible efficacy of gangliosides because the substances are considered to be potentially immunogenic .

In late July and early August , he was assigned the sombre task of accompanying the body of Gerda Taro in its journey back to France .
in late july and early august , he was assigned the sombre task of [coming with] the body of gerda taro in its journey back to france .

Although the relation between the growth of action by organised groups of service users and the increasing importance of health service consumerism is not straightforward , the shift towards community care and the ideological changes accompanying it have undoubtedly given users the opportunity to become important stakeholders .
although the relation between the growth of action by organised groups of service users and the increasing importance of health service consumerism is not straightforward , the shift towards community care and the ideological changes [coming with] it have undoubtedly given users the opportunity to become important stakeholders .

The two changes in infant care practice had a temporal relation with mass publicity accompanying fund raising for the Cot Death Association .
the two changes in infant care practice had a temporal relation with mass publicity [coming with] fund raising for the cot death association .

Accompanying and often preceding this destruction there was taxation .
[coming with] and often preceding this destruction there was taxation .

Accompanying the king to the continent were Bishops Burghersh of Lincoln , Orleton of Winchester and Richard de Bury of Durham , as well as Archbishop John Stratford and Canon Kilsby .
[coming with] the king to the continent were bishops burghersh of lincoln , orleton of winchester and richard de bury of durham , as well as archbishop john stratford and canon kilsby .

There are examples of texts which appear to depend on accompanying visual material for comprehension and others , such as example ( 3 ) reproduced below , for which ‘ the topic ’ must be provided .
there are examples of texts which appear to depend on [coming with] visual material for comprehension and others , such as example ( 3 ) reproduced below , for which ‘ the topic ’ must be provided .

Each natural gene may come with accompanying genetic material which exists solely to block the corresponding gene from the other parent ; and furthermore , there may be even more genetic material which sometimes inhibits the blocking mechanism !
each natural gene may come with [coming with] genetic material which exists solely to block the corresponding gene from the other parent ; and furthermore , there may be even more genetic material which sometimes inhibits the blocking mechanism !

‘ is in a position to take steps under a programme arranged between the Canadian government and both Canadian national airlines for the provision of return air transportation to Canada for both the child and an accompanying adult .
‘ is in a position to take steps under a programme arranged between the canadian government and both canadian national airlines for the provision of return air transportation to canada for both the child and an [coming with] adult .

’ , with its accompanying text by Caroline Pullee , is a moral fable for our time ; ‘ In defiance , this barrage of jellies face west towards the City and represent a psychological barrier against creeping metropolis .
’ , with its [coming with] text by caroline pullee , is a moral fable for our time ; ‘ in defiance , this barrage of jellies face west towards the city and represent a psychological barrier against creeping metropolis .

As spring came and the evenings became warmer , the boys began to serenade the girls at night with songs , accompanying themselves on a guitar or mandolin .
as spring came and the evenings became warmer , the boys began to serenade the girls at night with songs , [coming with] themselves on a guitar or mandolin .

It will be difficult to find the exact one as we have confiscated so many ; , but this soldier who is accompanying you will take you to a warehouse where you will find hundreds of bicycles of all descriptions .
it will be difficult to find the exact one as we have confiscated so many ; , but this soldier who is [coming with] you will take you to a warehouse where you will find hundreds of bicycles of all descriptions .

But the accompanying instruments are constantly varied , and the groups which play introductory sinfonie to the intermedii or double the voices in the madrigals are impressive : Malvezzi 's madrigal ‘ Noi che cantando ’ in the first intermedio is sung by two choirs , the first doubled by lyre , harp , large lute , and ‘ sotto Basso di Viola ’ , the second by lyre , harp , chitarrone , and ‘ Basso di Viola ’ , while in the six-part sinfonia which follows these instruments are joined by 6 lutes ( three large and three small ) , psaltery , ‘ Basso di Viola ’ with three tenor viols , 4 trombones , cornetto , flauto traverso , cetera ( cittern ) , mandola , and a ‘ Sopranino di Viola ’ ( which was played by Striggio ) .
but the [coming with] instruments are constantly varied , and the groups which play introductory sinfonie to the intermedii or double the voices in the madrigals are impressive : malvezzi 's madrigal ‘ noi che cantando ’ in the first intermedio is sung by two choirs , the first doubled by lyre , harp , large lute , and ‘ sotto basso di viola ’ , the second by lyre , harp , chitarrone , and ‘ basso di viola ’ , while in the six-part sinfonia which follows these instruments are joined by 6 lutes ( three large and three small ) , psaltery , ‘ basso di viola ’ with three tenor viols , 4 trombones , cornetto , flauto traverso , cetera ( cittern ) , mandola , and a ‘ sopranino di viola ’ ( which was played by striggio ) .

Nonetheless she was determined not to let her fear of water prevent her from accompanying Bernard on their now frequent sailing holidays .
nonetheless she was determined not to let her fear of water prevent her from [coming with] bernard on their now frequent sailing holidays .

Fiercely calm , he read the accompanying article .
fiercely calm , he read the [coming with] article .

The depth of the valance should be in proportion to the accompanying curtains , as with a pelmet .
the depth of the valance should be in proportion to the [coming with] curtains , as with a pelmet .

Swags and tails are an elaborate form of valance and as such should be in proportion to their accompanying curtains .
swags and tails are an elaborate form of valance and as such should be in proportion to their [coming with] curtains .

The reduced visibility accompanying these episodes prompted the common use of the term ‘ smog ’ ( figure 8.2 ) .
the reduced visibility [coming with] these episodes prompted the common use of the term ‘ smog ’ ( figure 8.2 ) .

Floy and Snodgrass , with Balor accompanying them , set out from Tara at noon the next day .
floy and snodgrass , with balor [coming with] them , set out from tara at noon the next day .

He set off after arranging with the girls that Terry would be sent off to meet them , alone , and Frank prevented from accompanying him .
he set off after arranging with the girls that terry would be sent off to meet them , alone , and frank prevented from [coming with] him .

Finally , it would have difficulties explaining the disorder accompanying championship victory , referred to above .
finally , it would have difficulties explaining the disorder [coming with] championship victory , referred to above .

According to this perspective , the demand for all-seater stadia and accompanying leisure and commercial facilities — ceaselessly promulgated as a method of curbing hooliganism is part of a thinly veiled plan to replace soccer 's traditional working-class audience with middle-class consumers .
according to this perspective , the demand for all-seater stadia and [coming with] leisure and commercial facilities — ceaselessly promulgated as a method of curbing hooliganism is part of a thinly veiled plan to replace soccer 's traditional working-class audience with middle-class consumers .

The metaphoric proliferation accompanying psychological fragmentation is combated by the repeated invocation of analytic apparatuses that would determine the ontological status of objects perceived and events experienced , but the result is a garbled composite of philosophical jargon :
the metaphoric proliferation [coming with] psychological fragmentation is combated by the repeated invocation of analytic apparatuses that would determine the ontological status of objects perceived and events experienced , but the result is a garbled composite of philosophical jargon :

Over the same period there was an accompanying shift away from the use of fines .
over the same period there was an [coming with] shift away from the use of fines .

Crêchendo classes are divided by age — starting as young as three months — with mums accompanying tots .
crêchendo classes are divided by age — starting as young as three months — with mums [coming with] tots .

The Cherwell District Council as District Planning Authority on the 11th day of February 1988 refused planning permission for the development described in your above-mentioned application and the plans accompanying such application .
the cherwell district council as district planning authority on the 11th day of february 1988 refused planning permission for the development described in your above-mentioned application and the plans [coming with] such application .

The Cherwell District Council as District Planning Authority on the 11th day of February 1988 refused planning permission for the development described in your above-mentioned application and the plans accompanying such application .
the cherwell district council as district planning authority on the 11th day of february 1988 refused planning permission for the development described in your above-mentioned application and the plans [coming with] such application .

Those times were reduced now to a swirl of unchronological slides — images of a room , a street , a skyline — some with accompanying sound .
those times were reduced now to a swirl of unchronological slides — images of a room , a street , a skyline — some with [coming with] sound .

It carries many accompanying social and medical problems and many possible definitions ( Farmer , 1985 ) .
it carries many [coming with] social and medical problems and many possible definitions ( farmer , 1985 ) .

Outwardly Britain may have appeared stable ; the class system and its accompanying distribution of wealth remained largely unchallenged .
outwardly britain may have appeared stable ; the class system and its [coming with] distribution of wealth remained largely unchallenged .

The accompanying revolutionary fervour for a general reconstruction of society scarcely extended to Britain , and the Modern Movement was strangely muted in this country , where the beaux-arts tradition remained strong .
the [coming with] revolutionary fervour for a general reconstruction of society scarcely extended to britain , and the modern movement was strangely muted in this country , where the beaux-arts tradition remained strong .

Nor any accompanying document .
nor any [coming with] document .

‘ It was in the document accompanying the letter .
‘ it was in the document [coming with] the letter .

The sample was accurately imaged on a Linotron 300 and the accompanying letter quoted £6 per page plus postage and packing for a monthly four page job of this type .
the sample was accurately imaged on a linotron 300 and the [coming with] letter quoted £6 per page plus postage and packing for a monthly four page job of this type .

All the major transformation tools now have accompanying dialogue boxes that allow the user to specify exactly the numerical value of the transformation ; be it shearing , rotating or enlarging .
all the major transformation tools now have [coming with] dialogue boxes that allow the user to specify exactly the numerical value of the transformation ; be it shearing , rotating or enlarging .

4 and Adobe 's offerings as well as their own ImageStudio and the forthcoming LetraStudio and its accompanying display face type .
4 and adobe 's offerings as well as their own imagestudio and the forthcoming letrastudio and its [coming with] display face type .

Mrs McSpadden was in command , over-seeing a production line of sandwiches , sausage rolls , bowls of soup and chilli , slices of black bun and Christmas cake and accompanying slices of cheese .
mrs mcspadden was in command , over-seeing a production line of sandwiches , sausage rolls , bowls of soup and chilli , slices of black bun and christmas cake and [coming with] slices of cheese .

She was an apostle of teacher training and as the first woman to be elected to the senate of London University promoted the foundation of the London Day Training College and the accompanying chair in education .
she was an apostle of teacher training and as the first woman to be elected to the senate of london university promoted the foundation of the london day training college and the [coming with] chair in education .

The second son , Richard , a merchant , died in January 1668 , and the third son , Thomas , died while accompanying Thomas Bryan ( who also died ) , Sir John 's son-in-law , on a mission to Persia in 1669 for Alexis .
the second son , richard , a merchant , died in january 1668 , and the third son , thomas , died while [coming with] thomas bryan ( who also died ) , sir john 's son-in-law , on a mission to persia in 1669 for alexis .

MacLauchlan not only recorded with precision details of many ancient monuments , some of which have since been destroyed , but also provided accompanying texts based on his sound observations .
maclauchlan not only recorded with precision details of many ancient monuments , some of which have since been destroyed , but also provided [coming with] texts based on his sound observations .

His duties entailed accompanying the amateur music-making of the king and queen , teaching the harpsichord to the royal family , and organizing the queen 's chamber-music concerts .
his duties entailed [coming with] the amateur music-making of the king and queen , teaching the harpsichord to the royal family , and organizing the queen 's chamber-music concerts .

The extensions occupy the borders and frame the accompanying text .
the extensions occupy the borders and frame the [coming with] text .

People rarely utter threats without accompanying them by threatening gestures of some sort , and the combination of words and gestures , even without the display of a weapon , is clearly within the terms of the Act .
people rarely utter threats without [coming with] them by threatening gestures of some sort , and the combination of words and gestures , even without the display of a weapon , is clearly within the terms of the act .

If the goods delivered and accompanying invoice were for more or less than the amount recorded on the order , a correcting entry would also have to be made .
if the goods delivered and [coming with] invoice were for more or less than the amount recorded on the order , a correcting entry would also have to be made .

In fact , accompanying the introduction of the poll tax in 1988 ( and surviving it with the move to the ‘ council tax ’ ) traditional accounting was changed .
in fact , [coming with] the introduction of the poll tax in 1988 ( and surviving it with the move to the ‘ council tax ’ ) traditional accounting was changed .

4.1 ) fluctuations included transgressions associated with interglacials and regressions accompanying the glacial phases and these fluctuations were superimposed upon a gradual sea level decline during the course of the Pleistocene .
4.1 ) fluctuations included transgressions associated with interglacials and regressions [coming with] the glacial phases and these fluctuations were superimposed upon a gradual sea level decline during the course of the pleistocene .

He took his assignment seriously , accompanying Alexandra to the various meetings he had fixed up for her , talking knowledgeably about everything from architecture to fashion , from music to ice-cream .
he took his assignment seriously , [coming with] alexandra to the various meetings he had fixed up for her , talking knowledgeably about everything from architecture to fashion , from music to ice-cream .

Today its message seemed less equivocal , and the accompanying note no more than one of Cameron 's spur-of-the-moment enthusiasms .
today its message seemed less equivocal , and the [coming with] note no more than one of cameron 's spur-of-the-moment enthusiasms .

The melody must stand out clearly from the accompanying chords and must be richly expressive and sustained .
the melody must stand out clearly from the [coming with] chords and must be richly expressive and sustained .

We will therefore allot the melody to the whole of the strings except double basses , and give the accompanying chords to a suitable wind group , doubling the bass with the double basses for greater depth and impressiveness .
we will therefore allot the melody to the whole of the strings except double basses , and give the [coming with] chords to a suitable wind group , doubling the bass with the double basses for greater depth and impressiveness .

We now turn our attention to the accompanying wind chords .
we now turn our attention to the [coming with] wind chords .

In this case the strings would no doubt be used for the accompanying chords , forming , as is their wont when required , a perfect background .
in this case the strings would no doubt be used for the [coming with] chords , forming , as is their wont when required , a perfect background .

Two melodic lines simultaneously with accompanying chords or figures .
two melodic lines simultaneously with [coming with] chords or figures .

When the accompanying chords are detached , it is not necessary to make the melodic line quite so powerful as it has to be to come through a mass of sustained harmony .
when the [coming with] chords are detached , it is not necessary to make the melodic line quite so powerful as it has to be to come through a mass of sustained harmony .

The most obvious way of laying out this passage would be to give the tune to the trombones ( all three in unison ) , and to distribute the accompanying figures among the rest of the orchestra .
the most obvious way of laying out this passage would be to give the tune to the trombones ( all three in unison ) , and to distribute the [coming with] figures among the rest of the orchestra .

Two melodic lines of equal strength simultaneously , with accompanying chords or figures .
two melodic lines of equal strength simultaneously , with [coming with] chords or figures .

In areas subject to tropical cyclones these may be eroded blocks moved under the abnormally large waves accompanying such storms .
in areas subject to tropical cyclones these may be eroded blocks moved under the abnormally large waves [coming with] such storms .

Accompanying harmonies , with a significant bass , can say much on their own with very little movement .
[coming with] harmonies , with a significant bass , can say much on their own with very little movement .

Note how the melody is kept in a high register ( for power ) , while the less important accompanying parts are in a lower , more subdued range .
note how the melody is kept in a high register ( for power ) , while the less important [coming with] parts are in a lower , more subdued range .

It is of course important that the ‘ accompanying ’ layer does not have its clarity and identity confused by too much individual voice movement .
it is of course important that the ‘ [coming with] ’ layer does not have its clarity and identity confused by too much individual voice movement .

The main differences are in terms of the social processes accompanying inquiry .
the main differences are in terms of the social processes [coming with] inquiry .

It was that speculation and accompanying doubts about the ability of the private practitioner to meet this need which led to the rapid growth of interest in alternative means of providing legal advice .
it was that speculation and [coming with] doubts about the ability of the private practitioner to meet this need which led to the rapid growth of interest in alternative means of providing legal advice .

She objected to his formal jargon , although she imagined a glint of amusement accompanying it .
she objected to his formal jargon , although she imagined a glint of amusement [coming with] it .

Then she absolved herself by remembering it was he who 'd insisted on accompanying her .
then she absolved herself by remembering it was he who 'd insisted on [coming with] her .

With certain limited exceptions , married men are exempt from liability for rape of their wives , although they can be prosecuted for any accompanying assault or violence .
with certain limited exceptions , married men are exempt from liability for rape of their wives , although they can be prosecuted for any [coming with] assault or violence .

During a Royal Reward promotion at Easter the Branch was decked out in Christmas decorations with accompanying Christmas Tree .
during a royal reward promotion at easter the branch was decked out in christmas decorations with [coming with] christmas tree .

Mr. Graham Priestley of the Water of Leith Conservation Trust gave a most interesting talk with accompanying slides on the upper reaches of the river and the fish to be found there .
mr. graham priestley of the water of leith conservation trust gave a most interesting talk with [coming with] slides on the upper reaches of the river and the fish to be found there .

Duties and conditions are laid down in greater detail in the accompanying extract from the Decrees and Regulations .
duties and conditions are laid down in greater detail in the [coming with] extract from the decrees and regulations .

Readers will recall that upon receipt of the draft contract in duplicate together with the accompanying plan and any copy covenants , the buyer 's conveyancer will make an index map search and a local search , and also raise enquiries before contract .
readers will recall that upon receipt of the draft contract in duplicate together with the [coming with] plan and any copy covenants , the buyer 's conveyancer will make an index map search and a local search , and also raise enquiries before contract .

The protection conferred by the implied terms as to quality also extend to labels and instructions accompanying the product .
the protection conferred by the implied terms as to quality also extend to labels and instructions [coming with] the product .

Perhaps inevitably , this means that some of the detail of particular research has been omitted , but the general clarity of the articles and their accompanying lists of references are such that intelligent readers are given a clear view of their particular interests and encouraged to delve deeper should they wish .
perhaps inevitably , this means that some of the detail of particular research has been omitted , but the general clarity of the articles and their [coming with] lists of references are such that intelligent readers are given a clear view of their particular interests and encouraged to delve deeper should they wish .

These projects have accompanying newsletters and being fairly new ventures welcome feedback .
these projects have [coming with] newsletters and being fairly new ventures welcome feedback .

There was a smaller group of candles in the middle of the table too , but , she noticed , this time there was no accompanying rose .
there was a smaller group of candles in the middle of the table too , but , she noticed , this time there was no [coming with] rose .

He pushed it back as he turned to look at her , and Ronni was aware of following every movement — the cursory flick of dark-tanned fingers through his hair , the accompanying tightening of one muscular shoulder , the sinewy ripple across his broad back .
he pushed it back as he turned to look at her , and ronni was aware of following every movement — the cursory flick of dark-tanned fingers through his hair , the [coming with] tightening of one muscular shoulder , the sinewy ripple across his broad back .

She felt aggrieved at that thought and the accompanying flare inside her .
she felt aggrieved at that thought and the [coming with] flare inside her .

She and Jake had been driving back to Lomond View after accompanying Kirsty back to school when Jake had swivelled round in his seat to inform her ,
she and jake had been driving back to lomond view after [coming with] kirsty back to school when jake had swivelled round in his seat to inform her ,

The accompanying Figure 5.5 ( adapted from data contained in the Institute for Fiscal Studies paper ) demonstrates how the system might work .
the [coming with] figure 5.5 ( adapted from data contained in the institute for fiscal studies paper ) demonstrates how the system might work .

Those respondents calling for a drastic limitation of the professions ' liability and/or the abolition of the Compensation Fund altogether , often voiced the angry conviction that the transition from profession to trade — with the accompanying loss of status for the services of solicitors which that implied — had accelerated in recent years to the point at which the profession could no longer be called upon to pay for the dubious moral privilege of an ‘ anachronistic ’ system of compensation .
those respondents calling for a drastic limitation of the professions ' liability and/or the abolition of the compensation fund altogether , often voiced the angry conviction that the transition from profession to trade — with the [coming with] loss of status for the services of solicitors which that implied — had accelerated in recent years to the point at which the profession could no longer be called upon to pay for the dubious moral privilege of an ‘ anachronistic ’ system of compensation .

There are two possible explanations for reproducing the harpsichord part of the Concerts without the two parts for accompanying instruments ( in the original they were engraved in score ) .
there are two possible explanations for reproducing the harpsichord part of the concerts without the two parts for [coming with] instruments ( in the original they were engraved in score ) .

’ The strokes are also consistent throughout two bars of accompanying semiquavers in the violas and basses .
’ the strokes are also consistent throughout two bars of [coming with] semiquavers in the violas and basses .

Neumann further excuses this fast Beethoven minuet tempo , referring to the fast verbal tempo indications by Haydn for the minuets of his last eight quartets , by calling attention among other things to Beethoven 's accompanying words to this Menuetto , ‘ Allegro molto e vivace ’ , saying that ‘ when Haydn [ and , we presume , Beethoven ] wanted a minuet to be played faster than the unhurried Allegretto , he unfailingly indicated his intentions with eloquent tempo words .
neumann further excuses this fast beethoven minuet tempo , referring to the fast verbal tempo indications by haydn for the minuets of his last eight quartets , by calling attention among other things to beethoven 's [coming with] words to this menuetto , ‘ allegro molto e vivace ’ , saying that ‘ when haydn [ and , we presume , beethoven ] wanted a minuet to be played faster than the unhurried allegretto , he unfailingly indicated his intentions with eloquent tempo words .

’ The wry smile accompanying the words made her throat tighten .
’ the wry smile [coming with] the words made her throat tighten .

He would do anything for his grandmother , his beloved nonna — had n't he proved that by accompanying her here tonight , to this benefit for her favourite charity ?
he would do anything for his grandmother , his beloved nonna — had n't he proved that by [coming with] her here tonight , to this benefit for her favourite charity ?

The relationship can also be viewed thermodynamically , there being a larger change in free energy accompanying the decomposition of an unstable mineral like olivine than a comparatively muscovite .
the relationship can also be viewed thermodynamically , there being a larger change in free energy [coming with] the decomposition of an unstable mineral like olivine than a comparatively muscovite .

The accompanying bleep is now a familiar part of supermarket shopping .
the [coming with] bleep is now a familiar part of supermarket shopping .

Their receipt from the firm of business letters with updated letterheading would doubtless be convincing evidence of actual knowledge , sed quaere where the correspondence is of a wholly formal nature ( eg a compliments slip accompanying a cheque in settlement of a bill ) which would not ordinarily be expected to be read carefully by the recipient .
their receipt from the firm of business letters with updated letterheading would doubtless be convincing evidence of actual knowledge , sed quaere where the correspondence is of a wholly formal nature ( eg a compliments slip [coming with] a cheque in settlement of a bill ) which would not ordinarily be expected to be read carefully by the recipient .

The literature accompanying the campaign gave ten suggestions , listed in increasing order of cost , to help householders to save energy .
the literature [coming with] the campaign gave ten suggestions , listed in increasing order of cost , to help householders to save energy .

* The latest estimates of global warming from the Climate Research Unit , at the University of East Anglia , predict an average warming of 0.2 degrees per decade , with an accompanying rise in sea levels of around 4cm .
* the latest estimates of global warming from the climate research unit , at the university of east anglia , predict an average warming of 0.2 degrees per decade , with an [coming with] rise in sea levels of around 4cm .

At the close of the eighteenth century , the growing momentum of the industrial revolution and the accompanying development of the factory system as a means of production meant , as Foucault ( 1979 p 150 ) noted , the gradual extension of a wage-earning class in Britain for whom time was money .
at the close of the eighteenth century , the growing momentum of the industrial revolution and the [coming with] development of the factory system as a means of production meant , as foucault ( 1979 p 150 ) noted , the gradual extension of a wage-earning class in britain for whom time was money .

Firstly , it was accepted by all Scots that the coronation of their king was valid only if carried out upon the Stone of Destiny , and in spite of the Christian ceremony accompanying it the right to place the crown on the new monarch 's head belonged irrevocably to the Earl of Fife , premier layman of the realm .
firstly , it was accepted by all scots that the coronation of their king was valid only if carried out upon the stone of destiny , and in spite of the christian ceremony [coming with] it the right to place the crown on the new monarch 's head belonged irrevocably to the earl of fife , premier layman of the realm .

Any good effect of these moves , however , was more than cancelled by publication , without any accompanying statement of Government policy , of the report of the ill-conceived May Committee on that same penultimate day of July .
any good effect of these moves , however , was more than cancelled by publication , without any [coming with] statement of government policy , of the report of the ill-conceived may committee on that same penultimate day of july .

He sighed deeply : he had insisted upon her accompanying him that day in order to enjoy the last precious hours of her innocence and happiness .
he sighed deeply : he had insisted upon her [coming with] him that day in order to enjoy the last precious hours of her innocence and happiness .

Accompanying attacks on American bases at Guam and Wake Island led to their capture ; Japanese forces also made landings in the Philippines .
[coming with] attacks on american bases at guam and wake island led to their capture ; japanese forces also made landings in the philippines .

In [ 13 ] this effect is accentuated because of the succession of stressed syllables ( `` -creet door clicked shut `` ) , and because of the accompanying clattering of consonants , especially the stops /k/ , /t ) , and /d ) .
in [ 13 ] this effect is accentuated because of the succession of stressed syllables ( `` -creet door clicked shut `` ) , and because of the [coming with] clattering of consonants , especially the stops /k/ , /t ) , and /d ) .

Where the material to be used in enquiry work is audio-visual ( as for instance a filmstrip , perhaps with the accompanying booklet transcribed on to audio-cassette so that the eye can concentrate on the pictures and the slower readers have quick access to the text ) then of course suitable equipment must be available in sufficient quantity for the expected numbers of students at any one time .
where the material to be used in enquiry work is audio-visual ( as for instance a filmstrip , perhaps with the [coming with] booklet transcribed on to audio-cassette so that the eye can concentrate on the pictures and the slower readers have quick access to the text ) then of course suitable equipment must be available in sufficient quantity for the expected numbers of students at any one time .

An accompanying watercolour and pencil study for it sold to an order bidder for $ 6,000 ( £3,300 ) ( est .
an [coming with] watercolour and pencil study for it sold to an order bidder for $ 6,000 ( £3,300 ) ( est .

Accompanying the show on all this month and until 11 July is a fully illustrated catalogue with an essay by Judith Goldman .
[coming with] the show on all this month and until 11 july is a fully illustrated catalogue with an essay by judith goldman .

Accompanying events will include four lectures on aspects of Italian art and the Leonardo d'Oro prize awarded to the dealer who has made the most important new find or reattribution in the field of Italian art
[coming with] events will include four lectures on aspects of italian art and the leonardo d'oro prize awarded to the dealer who has made the most important new find or reattribution in the field of italian art

Accompanying this year 's fair will be an exhibition of the work of young Austrian artists entitled ‘ Radical Surface : Individual Positions ’ , organised by Dr Lorand Hegyi of Vienna 's Museum Moderner Kunst in conjunction with the Modern Art Dealers Assocation of Austria .
[coming with] this year 's fair will be an exhibition of the work of young austrian artists entitled ‘ radical surface : individual positions ’ , organised by dr lorand hegyi of vienna 's museum moderner kunst in conjunction with the modern art dealers assocation of austria .

Jack Flam has written the accompanying catalogue .
jack flam has written the [coming with] catalogue .

But the present exhibition is more comprehensive and , with its accompanying monograph , reveals an even more precocious and diverse artist .
but the present exhibition is more comprehensive and , with its [coming with] monograph , reveals an even more precocious and diverse artist .

Timed to coincide with a survey of her oil paintings which opened at the Hayward Gallery last month , Karsten Schubert is showing twelve works on paper by Bridget Riley ( 15 October-14 November ) with an accompanying catalogue essay by Richard Francis .
timed to coincide with a survey of her oil paintings which opened at the hayward gallery last month , karsten schubert is showing twelve works on paper by bridget riley ( 15 october-14 november ) with an [coming with] catalogue essay by richard francis .

Each artwork is reproduced in full colour on a single page with a Biblical quotation accompanying it .
each artwork is reproduced in full colour on a single page with a biblical quotation [coming with] it .

At the British Museum the accompanying exhibition of drawings by Rembrandt and his School from the museum 's own holdings continues until 2 August .
at the british museum the [coming with] exhibition of drawings by rembrandt and his school from the museum 's own holdings continues until 2 august .

The exhibition and the accompanying symposia in London and Amsterdam raised a number of questions , not least about some of the pictures included in the exhibition .
the exhibition and the [coming with] symposia in london and amsterdam raised a number of questions , not least about some of the pictures included in the exhibition .

Born at Balcarce , near Buenos Aires , in 1911 he was first introduced to the sport as a 17-year-old when he travelled as an accompanying mechanic in the long-distance races in his home country .
born at balcarce , near buenos aires , in 1911 he was first introduced to the sport as a 17-year-old when he travelled as an [coming with] mechanic in the long-distance races in his home country .

Indeed , such progress has not been common to all publishers — some still produce little more than typesetting tapes with cryptic codes labelling the various components of each entry , and little or no accompanying software or documentation for their search or extraction .
indeed , such progress has not been common to all publishers — some still produce little more than typesetting tapes with cryptic codes labelling the various components of each entry , and little or no [coming with] software or documentation for their search or extraction .

Accompanying the greater caring was an intensification of parental authority .
[coming with] the greater caring was an intensification of parental authority .

Accompanying the maintenance of old standards , even though social conditions were changing , often dramatically , was the survival amongst many sections of the working class ( especially the rural ) of the tradition that sexual relationships could begin at betrothal to a steady boyfriend and the corollary was that a pregnant woman would be married by the father , though as we shall see , social transformations were to weaken this .
[coming with] the maintenance of old standards , even though social conditions were changing , often dramatically , was the survival amongst many sections of the working class ( especially the rural ) of the tradition that sexual relationships could begin at betrothal to a steady boyfriend and the corollary was that a pregnant woman would be married by the father , though as we shall see , social transformations were to weaken this .

Accompanying the spread of life tenures was the pursuit of reversions .
[coming with] the spread of life tenures was the pursuit of reversions .

The blazing Flower Carnival in Chiang Mai in early February is a visual treat , and there are colourful parades and processions accompanying both the King 's and Queen 's Birthdays in December and August respectively .
the blazing flower carnival in chiang mai in early february is a visual treat , and there are colourful parades and processions [coming with] both the king 's and queen 's birthdays in december and august respectively .

Although a medically biased book , there are some useful care plans accompanying each disorder as well as some excellent patient teaching guides that would be useful for reference on the ward and as teaching aids in the classroom .
although a medically biased book , there are some useful care plans [coming with] each disorder as well as some excellent patient teaching guides that would be useful for reference on the ward and as teaching aids in the classroom .

Visual presentations catch the eye and make the reader interested in reading the accompanying text .
visual presentations catch the eye and make the reader interested in reading the [coming with] text .

The next day was hungover and quiet ; everybody wanted to know what we had got up to , and Girod told us that we would not be accompanying the section in town that afternoon .
the next day was hungover and quiet ; everybody wanted to know what we had got up to , and girod told us that we would not be [coming with] the section in town that afternoon .

The accompanying ‘ Syllabus of errors ’ had deemed erroneous the belief that public institutions devoted to reaching literature and science should be exempt from the Church 's authority .
the [coming with] ‘ syllabus of errors ’ had deemed erroneous the belief that public institutions devoted to reaching literature and science should be exempt from the church 's authority .

Reasons of this sort dictate that the political impetus accompanying Ministers on arrival at their departments after an election is usually a good deal less noticeable at the Home Office than elsewhere in Whitehall .
reasons of this sort dictate that the political impetus [coming with] ministers on arrival at their departments after an election is usually a good deal less noticeable at the home office than elsewhere in whitehall .

These shifting balances and the accompanying administrative muddle and dilemma are illustrated by experience in five national industries .
these shifting balances and the [coming with] administrative muddle and dilemma are illustrated by experience in five national industries .

The accompanying text includes directions to the sites of the battles and the coloured representations give some impression of the battles themselves .
the [coming with] text includes directions to the sites of the battles and the coloured representations give some impression of the battles themselves .

For lieutenants and above , rank was displayed on the sleeves in the form of knots of ⅛ inch black mohair soutache braid ( again , see accompanying pattern drawings ) .
for lieutenants and above , rank was displayed on the sleeves in the form of knots of ⅛ inch black mohair soutache braid ( again , see [coming with] pattern drawings ) .

In one of the accompanying photographs it will be noticed that the swingle trees have been laid out on the chassis in front of the boot containing the collapsible bed .
in one of the [coming with] photographs it will be noticed that the swingle trees have been laid out on the chassis in front of the boot containing the collapsible bed .

The harnessing of the team and the uniforms of the postillions are covered in detail in the instructions accompanying the Historex model of another of Napoleon 's coaches , a berline coupé .
the harnessing of the team and the uniforms of the postillions are covered in detail in the instructions [coming with] the historex model of another of napoleon 's coaches , a berline coupé .

It was in a sense paradoxical that a regime for which the social repercussions accompanying industrial development in the West were anathema should have become actively committed to industrialization .
it was in a sense paradoxical that a regime for which the social repercussions [coming with] industrial development in the west were anathema should have become actively committed to industrialization .

And discs of stereophonic coverage permeated the accompanying orchestra 's instruments and the reshaped discs spun off slowly , but in great number , from the heads of the mouths that fed the instruments
and discs of stereophonic coverage permeated the [coming with] orchestra 's instruments and the reshaped discs spun off slowly , but in great number , from the heads of the mouths that fed the instruments

The accompanying table ( see table 5.1 ) sets out the main features of how the text is organised .
the [coming with] table ( see table 5.1 ) sets out the main features of how the text is organised .

An accompanying Student Record Book offered specific examples of these tasks in student language .
an [coming with] student record book offered specific examples of these tasks in student language .

Examples of assessment tasks accompanying the criterion statements may help to pinpoint more precisely the domain referred to in a criterion statement .
examples of assessment tasks [coming with] the criterion statements may help to pinpoint more precisely the domain referred to in a criterion statement .

The point is that an equation can be interpreted as stating this : given each of a number of possible extents to which specified things possess certain different general properties , it is then the case , despite accompanying conditions and events , that another specified thing would still possess another general property to one of a number of possible extents .
the point is that an equation can be interpreted as stating this : given each of a number of possible extents to which specified things possess certain different general properties , it is then the case , despite [coming with] conditions and events , that another specified thing would still possess another general property to one of a number of possible extents .

Or , finally , two events are cause and effect if the probability of the second event , given the first event and certain accompanying conditions , is greater than the probability of the second event , given those conditions but not the first event .
or , finally , two events are cause and effect if the probability of the second event , given the first event and certain [coming with] conditions , is greater than the probability of the second event , given those conditions but not the first event .

The development of these powerful new means of communication and the accompanying development of personnel highly skilled in them has expanded the means of control of information as well as its dissemination .
the development of these powerful new means of communication and the [coming with] development of personnel highly skilled in them has expanded the means of control of information as well as its dissemination .

Imagine accompanying that on the bagpipes !
imagine [coming with] that on the bagpipes !

It was very fast and wild and Peter and Jay , laughing , gave up their attempts at accompanying him .
it was very fast and wild and peter and jay , laughing , gave up their attempts at [coming with] him .

In the Adagio he sustains his slow tempo with a classical poise while never allowing us to forget , in his cutting definition of the recurrent accompanying triplet motif , the undertones beneath its major-key calm .
in the adagio he sustains his slow tempo with a classical poise while never allowing us to forget , in his cutting definition of the recurrent [coming with] triplet motif , the undertones beneath its major-key calm .

If you listen to Weill 's own recording of ‘ Speak Low ’ , singing and accompanying himself , the piano part sounds quite different .
if you listen to weill 's own recording of ‘ speak low ’ , singing and [coming with] himself , the piano part sounds quite different .

This class — only a small percentage of the adult population — has succeeded in preserving and expanding its wealth , and has developed effective means to ensure that both this wealth and the accompanying social attributes are transmitted across generations .
this class — only a small percentage of the adult population — has succeeded in preserving and expanding its wealth , and has developed effective means to ensure that both this wealth and the [coming with] social attributes are transmitted across generations .

The addition of subsequent mouths to feed merely compounds the problem , and this remains true despite the accompanying welfare state provisions of family allowance and so on .
the addition of subsequent mouths to feed merely compounds the problem , and this remains true despite the [coming with] welfare state provisions of family allowance and so on .

The swell was so heavy that the fishing vessel accompanying the tug to run lines would not come in close , so the towline was passed directly to the tug from the lifeboat .
the swell was so heavy that the fishing vessel [coming with] the tug to run lines would not come in close , so the towline was passed directly to the tug from the lifeboat .

First thing the next morning , 24 August , Joyce took his passport and the accompanying form to the National Bank in Belgravia , where the manager endorsed it .
first thing the next morning , 24 august , joyce took his passport and the [coming with] form to the national bank in belgravia , where the manager endorsed it .

Although difficult to measure , these differences can not be accounted for simply by their accompanying economic differences .
although difficult to measure , these differences can not be accounted for simply by their [coming with] economic differences .

Kuhn 's paradigms are not only intellectual frameworks but also accompanying institutional practices .
kuhn 's paradigms are not only intellectual frameworks but also [coming with] institutional practices .

According to a witness accompanying Constantine 's army at the time , the vision was of the sun god — the deity worshipped by certain cults under the name of Sol Invictus , the ‘ Invincible Sun ’ .
according to a witness [coming with] constantine 's army at the time , the vision was of the sun god — the deity worshipped by certain cults under the name of sol invictus , the ‘ invincible sun ’ .

There may be real practical advantages in having a central source of expertise ; such a source is more likely to send documents in a form , and with accompanying material , required by the state of destination or specified in the applicable bilateral or multilateral convention .
there may be real practical advantages in having a central source of expertise ; such a source is more likely to send documents in a form , and with [coming with] material , required by the state of destination or specified in the applicable bilateral or multilateral convention .

The request , addressed to a named tribunal or generally to ‘ any competent tribunal ’ in the state of destination , together with its accompanying documents , was to be translated into the language of that state .
the request , addressed to a named tribunal or generally to ‘ any competent tribunal ’ in the state of destination , together with its [coming with] documents , was to be translated into the language of that state .

Forester allowed himself a novelist 's licence in The Hornblower Companion , where admirably executed maps with concise accompanying comment helped to establish the factual background of his stones .
forester allowed himself a novelist 's licence in the hornblower companion , where admirably executed maps with concise [coming with] comment helped to establish the factual background of his stones .

For 5–11 year olds and accompanying adults .
for 5–11 year olds and [coming with] adults .

Accompanying the choir are such musicians as the brilliant trumpeter Raul d'Olivera ( ex Duke Ellington ) and local , wellknown and well-loved jazz pianist Mark Edwards , who co-wrote the work , and talented saxophonist Julian Nicholas .
[coming with] the choir are such musicians as the brilliant trumpeter raul d'olivera ( ex duke ellington ) and local , wellknown and well-loved jazz pianist mark edwards , who co-wrote the work , and talented saxophonist julian nicholas .

For 5–11 year olds and accompanying adults .
for 5–11 year olds and [coming with] adults .

The short but colourful history of Omar 's single and accompanying album is testament to the power of today 's young , hip , musical taste-makers .
the short but colourful history of omar 's single and [coming with] album is testament to the power of today 's young , hip , musical taste-makers .

As well as being involved with the exhibition itself , the Library was co-publisher of the accompanying book , Scotland Creates : 5,000 Years of Art and Design , to which Mr John Morris of the British Antiquarian Division contributed a chapter on ‘ Scottish Design and the Art of the Book 1500–1800 ’ .
as well as being involved with the exhibition itself , the library was co-publisher of the [coming with] book , scotland creates : 5,000 years of art and design , to which mr john morris of the british antiquarian division contributed a chapter on ‘ scottish design and the art of the book 1500–1800 ’ .

The full text of 's letter to principals and its accompanying paper is given on pages 2 , 3 and 4 .
the full text of 's letter to principals and its [coming with] paper is given on pages 2 , 3 and 4 .

Points referred to in accompanying letter .
points referred to in [coming with] letter .

Mr. Graham Priestley of the Water of Leith Conservation Trust gave a most interesting talk with accompanying slides on the upper reaches of the river and the fish to be found there .
mr. graham priestley of the water of leith conservation trust gave a most interesting talk with [coming with] slides on the upper reaches of the river and the fish to be found there .

Some of these , along with others to be taken on the lighter mornings will be sent to the Highways Department and to the Edinburgh Evening News with an accompanying letter .
some of these , along with others to be taken on the lighter mornings will be sent to the highways department and to the edinburgh evening news with an [coming with] letter .

In the letter accompanying the document to the Council 's institutions the Chief Officer underlined that ‘ the Council is already engaged in examining possible longer term models ’ .4
in the letter [coming with] the document to the council 's institutions the chief officer underlined that ‘ the council is already engaged in examining possible longer term models ’ .4

Accompanying practical nursing experiences in community and hospitals helps to elaborate understanding and develop nursing skills .
[coming with] practical nursing experiences in community and hospitals helps to elaborate understanding and develop nursing skills .

Both technology and its accompanying organizational forms , especially those concerned with increasing efficiency , are thus the result of essentially political choices : ‘ when people enter into relationships of production they are , at the same time , engaged in a political process out of which emerge structures of domination and subordination , mechanisms of social control and forms of exploitation ’ ( Johnson 1980 , p. 335 ) .
both technology and its [coming with] organizational forms , especially those concerned with increasing efficiency , are thus the result of essentially political choices : ‘ when people enter into relationships of production they are , at the same time , engaged in a political process out of which emerge structures of domination and subordination , mechanisms of social control and forms of exploitation ’ ( johnson 1980 , p. 335 ) .

It was only when she sat down that she realized why there were several spaces : her section of the carriage contained a group of unruly Italian teenagers who were obviously well beyond the control of the two middle-aged nuns accompanying them .
it was only when she sat down that she realized why there were several spaces : her section of the carriage contained a group of unruly italian teenagers who were obviously well beyond the control of the two middle-aged nuns [coming with] them .

In the two remaining patients no accompanying disease had been diagnosed .
in the two remaining patients no [coming with] disease had been diagnosed .

The Roman adaptation included the building of a large , permanent stage , 30 yards long , with accompanying terrace and porticoes 275 yards long .
the roman adaptation included the building of a large , permanent stage , 30 yards long , with [coming with] terrace and porticoes 275 yards long .

Day 8 Received an order for 20 chairs at £50 each together with accompanying cheque .
day 8 received an order for 20 chairs at £50 each together with [coming with] cheque .

Accompanying him were , among others , Foreign Minister Air Chief Marshal Siddhi Savetsila and Commerce Minister Subin Pinkayan .
[coming with] him were , among others , foreign minister air chief marshal siddhi savetsila and commerce minister subin pinkayan .

The accompanying notes , given when her teacher asked for them , indicate a sophisticated grasp of metaphor , and a high level of imagination .
the [coming with] notes , given when her teacher asked for them , indicate a sophisticated grasp of metaphor , and a high level of imagination .

The texts accompanying the illustrations are concise , but are intended when read in sequence to give a simple coherent account of each disease .
the texts [coming with] the illustrations are concise , but are intended when read in sequence to give a simple coherent account of each disease .

The texts accompanying the illustrations are concise , but are intended when read in sequence to give a simple coherent account of each disease .
the texts [coming with] the illustrations are concise , but are intended when read in sequence to give a simple coherent account of each disease .

The Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 extended police powers with accompanying safeguards .
the police and criminal evidence act 1984 extended police powers with [coming with] safeguards .

Accompanying these reforms , there has been a vigorous public debate about the value and relevance of teacher education .
[coming with] these reforms , there has been a vigorous public debate about the value and relevance of teacher education .

It was as if menacing music had been played in a film , accompanying a scene of innocent happiness .
it was as if menacing music had been played in a film , [coming with] a scene of innocent happiness .

The Scottish Development Department states , in an accompanying circular , that the code draws together the best elements of current inquiry practice . Stress is laid on the following methods of bringing about improvements :
the scottish development department states , in an [coming with] circular , that the code draws together the best elements of current inquiry practice . stress is laid on the following methods of bringing about improvements :

The Secretary of State regards the Memorandum and its accompanying Circular as an important step in the work of reviewing planning procedures generally .
the secretary of state regards the memorandum and its [coming with] circular as an important step in the work of reviewing planning procedures generally .

The English form of application for legal aid ( which has no accompanying memorandum ) is so devised that it can be , and often is , completed by the applicant without the intervention of any solicitor .
the english form of application for legal aid ( which has no [coming with] memorandum ) is so devised that it can be , and often is , completed by the applicant without the intervention of any solicitor .

The first tentacle pore lacks are accompanying spine , the second to fourth have only one spine subsequent pores have two .
the first tentacle pore lacks are [coming with] spine , the second to fourth have only one spine subsequent pores have two .

This fact , together with the facts mentioned above , that Fahreddin Acemi appears to have been the first to hold the office of Mufti without an accompanying kadilik and to have been the first to receive a salary specifically in respect of the Muftilik , makes it a reasonable assumption that he was the first Mufti in the sense commonly understood in later times .
this fact , together with the facts mentioned above , that fahreddin acemi appears to have been the first to hold the office of mufti without an [coming with] kadilik and to have been the first to receive a salary specifically in respect of the muftilik , makes it a reasonable assumption that he was the first mufti in the sense commonly understood in later times .

Nicandra came every morning to her mother 's room , accompanying the early morning tea .
nicandra came every morning to her mother 's room , [coming with] the early morning tea .

David Thomas , Chairman of the Society 's Practice Development Committee [ in an article accompanying the draft standards in today 's Gazette ] explains the benefits :
david thomas , chairman of the society 's practice development committee [ in an article [coming with] the draft standards in today 's gazette ] explains the benefits :

Word Perfect 's mission statement , in the blurb accompanying the beta-test software , tells us that the idea behind Presentations 2.0 ( 1.0 was DrawPerfect ) was to bring together everything you need in Presentations Software together in one package , including a drawing program , clipart , text handling , charting , graphing and painting .
word perfect 's mission statement , in the blurb [coming with] the beta-test software , tells us that the idea behind presentations 2.0 ( 1.0 was drawperfect ) was to bring together everything you need in presentations software together in one package , including a drawing program , clipart , text handling , charting , graphing and painting .

‘ And your mother ? ’ he persisted . ‘ She did n't consider accompanying you on the search for her daughter ? ’
‘ and your mother ? ’ he persisted . ‘ she did n't consider [coming with] you on the search for her daughter ? ’

The accompanying catalogue Innocence and Experience : Images of Children in British Art From 1600 to the Present Sarah Holdsworth , Joan Crossley ( eds ) Manchester City Art Galleries , 1992 .
the [coming with] catalogue innocence and experience : images of children in british art from 1600 to the present sarah holdsworth , joan crossley ( eds ) manchester city art galleries , 1992 .

It is obvious from the detailed texts accompanying the sections that this reference book would be of use to practising members and the inquiring student .
it is obvious from the detailed texts [coming with] the sections that this reference book would be of use to practising members and the inquiring student .

The major impact of multimedia , therefore , and its chief advantage over all previous information media is based on multimedia 's ability to deliver an unprecedented range of high quality image and sound information , seamlessly integrated with accompanying text and numeric material .
the major impact of multimedia , therefore , and its chief advantage over all previous information media is based on multimedia 's ability to deliver an unprecedented range of high quality image and sound information , seamlessly integrated with [coming with] text and numeric material .

The conodont animal looks at ease swimming alongside a collection of her teeth , but the accompanying article does not refer to the identification of dentine as a strong indicator of vertebrate affinity .
the conodont animal looks at ease swimming alongside a collection of her teeth , but the [coming with] article does not refer to the identification of dentine as a strong indicator of vertebrate affinity .

The second reason why conventional maps are unsuitable for the answering of the types of queries mentioned above is that the human eye and brain can not take in the amounts of information that would be present in the overlays and in the accompanying tables of figures and statistics .
the second reason why conventional maps are unsuitable for the answering of the types of queries mentioned above is that the human eye and brain can not take in the amounts of information that would be present in the overlays and in the [coming with] tables of figures and statistics .

Like Audubon , Lear did not plan for accompanying text : this was to be a purely pictorial study of a single species .
like audubon , lear did not plan for [coming with] text : this was to be a purely pictorial study of a single species .

The accompanying illustrations , which are fifty in number , were taken from sketches made by Mr. Gould himself , and executed on stone by Mrs. Gould , with that admirable success , which has attended all her works . ’
the [coming with] illustrations , which are fifty in number , were taken from sketches made by mr. gould himself , and executed on stone by mrs. gould , with that admirable success , which has attended all her works . ’

There is a conflict bet-ween the complaints of a leisure preference coming into play as soon as wages moved above that necessary to support customary living standards and the accompanying complaints of the `` luxury `` expectations of the poor , which were equally used to justify a harsh attitude to wages .
there is a conflict bet-ween the complaints of a leisure preference coming into play as soon as wages moved above that necessary to support customary living standards and the [coming with] complaints of the `` luxury `` expectations of the poor , which were equally used to justify a harsh attitude to wages .

It is essentially that the technological and organisational changes accompanying the factory system were to invert the previous relationship of supply and demand .
it is essentially that the technological and organisational changes [coming with] the factory system were to invert the previous relationship of supply and demand .

These are a carrot , for those who like carrots ; but shareholders have no accompanying stick , which effective two-handed discipline would require .
these are a carrot , for those who like carrots ; but shareholders have no [coming with] stick , which effective two-handed discipline would require .

That power is given in clauses 1 and 2 and the regulatory framework is outlined in the accompanying schedules .
that power is given in clauses 1 and 2 and the regulatory framework is outlined in the [coming with] schedules .

Either the investigating officer , using his own personal radio , or the officer accompanying him is then usually able to check those details almost immediately on the police national computer .
either the investigating officer , using his own personal radio , or the officer [coming with] him is then usually able to check those details almost immediately on the police national computer .

Accompanying him was Constable Gideon Eddy , a detective policeman from the newly formed squad based at Scotland Yard .
[coming with] him was constable gideon eddy , a detective policeman from the newly formed squad based at scotland yard .

Thirdly , the accompanying redevelopment of Stratford town centre could draw trade and investment away from Hackney and sap the vitality of our existing shopping centres in Mare street and Kingsland road .
thirdly , the [coming with] redevelopment of stratford town centre could draw trade and investment away from hackney and sap the vitality of our existing shopping centres in mare street and kingsland road .

The show opens in 18th century rural Britain , when stage coaches and canals were the main form of transport , passing over to the industrial revolution , when Britain became the workshop of the world , to the decline of heavy industry and the steam locomotive and the accompanying dereliction through to today 's modern rail system and the survival of many steam locomotives , not only in this country , but worldwide .
the show opens in 18th century rural britain , when stage coaches and canals were the main form of transport , passing over to the industrial revolution , when britain became the workshop of the world , to the decline of heavy industry and the steam locomotive and the [coming with] dereliction through to today 's modern rail system and the survival of many steam locomotives , not only in this country , but worldwide .

So did the low , husky whisper accompanying those feather-light kisses .
so did the low , husky whisper [coming with] those feather-light kisses .

The porter who rang up to Mrs. Banks and directed Charles to her flat was also no doubt expensive , and would have been discreet if he had refrained from accompanying his directions with a wink .
the porter who rang up to mrs. banks and directed charles to her flat was also no doubt expensive , and would have been discreet if he had refrained from [coming with] his directions with a wink .

One can not discuss the effect of the national debt without specifying the other accompanying adjustments in fiscal policy .
one can not discuss the effect of the national debt without specifying the other [coming with] adjustments in fiscal policy .

Then to the accompanying curious twitch of a dozen net curtains , and a wave and smile from Josey and Charlie , they were gliding off down the narrow little street , rather like , Lisa thought , a ship gliding across water .
then to the [coming with] curious twitch of a dozen net curtains , and a wave and smile from josey and charlie , they were gliding off down the narrow little street , rather like , lisa thought , a ship gliding across water .

But , we are using actual income to measure expected income , and so a positive value for v t will suggest that there has been a rise in expected income with no accompanying rise in consumption expenditure .
but , we are using actual income to measure expected income , and so a positive value for v t will suggest that there has been a rise in expected income with no [coming with] rise in consumption expenditure .

Similarly , a negative value for v t will suggest a fall in expected income but no accompanying fall in consumption expenditure .
similarly , a negative value for v t will suggest a fall in expected income but no [coming with] fall in consumption expenditure .

Under these conditions many solids undergo phase changes , and the nature of the accompanying changes in structure can be studied .
under these conditions many solids undergo phase changes , and the nature of the [coming with] changes in structure can be studied .

Thus selective excitation to the ν'= ; 0 level of an electronically-excited state may be followed by emission accompanying transitions to the ν `` = 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 … levels of the ground state .
thus selective excitation to the ν'= ; 0 level of an electronically-excited state may be followed by emission [coming with] transitions to the ν `` = 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 … levels of the ground state .

Sometimes James 's accompanying letters were longer and more convoluted than the script changes , but it was becoming clear that the linking material would hinge around Joyce 's letters to her mother who , when Joyce was nineteen , had remarried and returned to America .
sometimes james 's [coming with] letters were longer and more convoluted than the script changes , but it was becoming clear that the linking material would hinge around joyce 's letters to her mother who , when joyce was nineteen , had remarried and returned to america .

The fine day had brought the crowds pouring into London , varlets , squires , and men-at-arms accompanying knights north to the great horse fair at Smithfield , after which there would be tournaments and tourneys .
the fine day had brought the crowds pouring into london , varlets , squires , and men-at-arms [coming with] knights north to the great horse fair at smithfield , after which there would be tournaments and tourneys .

The reason girls appeared to do better than boys at age eleven was due to the earlier onset of puberty in females , with its accompanying accelerated maturation .
the reason girls appeared to do better than boys at age eleven was due to the earlier onset of puberty in females , with its [coming with] accelerated maturation .

The smell accompanying him suggested he 'd brought fresh coffee beans .
the smell [coming with] him suggested he 'd brought fresh coffee beans .

‘ He was accompanying the swimmers .
‘ he was [coming with] the swimmers .

The accompanying letter said how much they enjoyed the tour of Springfields and said Eric could pass on the sticker to his son .
the [coming with] letter said how much they enjoyed the tour of springfields and said eric could pass on the sticker to his son .

The accompanying sketch gives an indication of the size of the front elevation of the ice-house .
the [coming with] sketch gives an indication of the size of the front elevation of the ice-house .

The pomp , ceremony and popular jubilation accompanying his arrival in Madrid at the end of the war were , naturally , what befitted a conquering hero .
the pomp , ceremony and popular jubilation [coming with] his arrival in madrid at the end of the war were , naturally , what befitted a conquering hero .

Overcrowding , insanitary conditions and inadequate services ( particularly medical , educational and cultural ) , together with the accompanying problems of health risks and rising crime rates , began to make their appearance in Spanish cities in the 1950s , just as they had already appeared in large connurbations elsewhere in the world .
overcrowding , insanitary conditions and inadequate services ( particularly medical , educational and cultural ) , together with the [coming with] problems of health risks and rising crime rates , began to make their appearance in spanish cities in the 1950s , just as they had already appeared in large connurbations elsewhere in the world .

This type of assessment consists of a series of questions which the student answers by selecting the correct response(s) from those presented in the accompanying grid .
this type of assessment consists of a series of questions which the student answers by selecting the correct response(s) from those presented in the [coming with] grid .

Despite the benefits which these developments bring , the public has concerns about the accompanying risks .
despite the benefits which these developments bring , the public has concerns about the [coming with] risks .

Accompanying all this was ‘ the transference of public interest from politics to war news and war strategy ’ .
[coming with] all this was ‘ the transference of public interest from politics to war news and war strategy ’ .

Since then , it has come to designate what is clearly perceived as a property in its own right , which , when used in an adjective , is ascribed to the accompanying noun ( or , strictly , to the entity that is its referential locus ) .
since then , it has come to designate what is clearly perceived as a property in its own right , which , when used in an adjective , is ascribed to the [coming with] noun ( or , strictly , to the entity that is its referential locus ) .

If a thesis is published , there will in very many cases therefore be an accompanying geological map of an area , which can be used by others for verification , and as a basis for future research .
if a thesis is published , there will in very many cases therefore be an [coming with] geological map of an area , which can be used by others for verification , and as a basis for future research .

An accompanying letter from Foreign Minister Ahmad Husayn Khudayyir described the terms as `` unfair and vindictive `` , ignoring his country 's `` right to demand compensation `` for destruction to its infrastructure and environment which `` conspicuously exceeded `` the authority given to the US-led coalition forces under Resolution 678 [ for which see p. 37870 ] .
an [coming with] letter from foreign minister ahmad husayn khudayyir described the terms as `` unfair and vindictive `` , ignoring his country 's `` right to demand compensation `` for destruction to its infrastructure and environment which `` conspicuously exceeded `` the authority given to the us-led coalition forces under resolution 678 [ for which see p. 37870 ] .

Atrocities were also reported to have been carried out by two militias accompanying the Syrian troops , pro-Syrian Phalangists led by Elie Hobeika , and the Syrian National Socialist Party .
atrocities were also reported to have been carried out by two militias [coming with] the syrian troops , pro-syrian phalangists led by elie hobeika , and the syrian national socialist party .

Stavros Dimas , the Minister of Industry , Energy and Technology , resigned on July 26 whilst accompanying Mitsotakis in the Soviet Union .
stavros dimas , the minister of industry , energy and technology , resigned on july 26 whilst [coming with] mitsotakis in the soviet union .

Dimas had reportedly clashed with the Prime Minister 's wife , Marika Mitsotakis , who had publicly reprimanded him for his behaviour towards Greek industrialists accompanying the official party .
dimas had reportedly clashed with the prime minister 's wife , marika mitsotakis , who had publicly reprimanded him for his behaviour towards greek industrialists [coming with] the official party .

The scandal and accompanying crash came as a severe blow to Finance Minister Singh 's attempts to open the Indian economy to foreign investors , and in addition hurt many smaller , first-time investors attracted by the soaring bull market of the previous six months , of which Mehta was described by the Financial Times of May 18 as the " driving force " .
the scandal and [coming with] crash came as a severe blow to finance minister singh 's attempts to open the indian economy to foreign investors , and in addition hurt many smaller , first-time investors attracted by the soaring bull market of the previous six months , of which mehta was described by the financial times of may 18 as the " driving force " .

Announcements were made on Dec. 19 designed to revive the housing market , which was currently severely depressed due largely to persistently high mortgage interest rates ( despite some reduction in the course of 1991 ) and the accompanying spate of repossessions .
announcements were made on dec. 19 designed to revive the housing market , which was currently severely depressed due largely to persistently high mortgage interest rates ( despite some reduction in the course of 1991 ) and the [coming with] spate of repossessions .

On Dec. 26 a previously unknown group , the Strugglers for Freedom , released a video cassette of the two Germans , and in a message accompanying the video the group called for the release of the two Hamadei brothers .
on dec. 26 a previously unknown group , the strugglers for freedom , released a video cassette of the two germans , and in a message [coming with] the video the group called for the release of the two hamadei brothers .

During the period of the slave trade and plantation labour in the West Indies , a certain number of black Caribbeans found their way to Britain , frequently as sailors or as slaves or servants accompanying their masters .
during the period of the slave trade and plantation labour in the west indies , a certain number of black caribbeans found their way to britain , frequently as sailors or as slaves or servants [coming with] their masters .

The following rights may be relevant to this computer system : Patent Being new , the computer may incorporate some new and patentable inventions Copyright The software on disk and the programs stored on the integrated circuits ( firmware ) and all accompanying documentation are protected under copyright law Semiconductor The topography of the integrated circuits Regulations containing the firmware Trade Marks The stylized name may be registered as a trade mark Registered Design The embossed pattern may be a registered design Design Right The new type of keyboard may fall within the scope of the new design right
the following rights may be relevant to this computer system : patent being new , the computer may incorporate some new and patentable inventions copyright the software on disk and the programs stored on the integrated circuits ( firmware ) and all [coming with] documentation are protected under copyright law semiconductor the topography of the integrated circuits regulations containing the firmware trade marks the stylized name may be registered as a trade mark registered design the embossed pattern may be a registered design design right the new type of keyboard may fall within the scope of the new design right

The Commission does not expect any dramatic changes in this pattern , except for an increase in the currently low activity rates of women accompanying migrant male workers .
the commission does not expect any dramatic changes in this pattern , except for an increase in the currently low activity rates of women [coming with] migrant male workers .

Those supporting the further extension of the Community 's role , seeking to build upon the existing policy instruments — the social funds , health and safety at work , equal opportunities , etc … For them the Social Charter and its accompanying action programme offer the way forward .
those supporting the further extension of the community 's role , seeking to build upon the existing policy instruments — the social funds , health and safety at work , equal opportunities , etc … for them the social charter and its [coming with] action programme offer the way forward .

To summarize , where know means `` experience directly `` , the knowing is frequently represented as accompanying the action experienced , instant by instant , throughout its duration — a coincidence in time which calls for the bare infinitive .
to summarize , where know means `` experience directly `` , the knowing is frequently represented as [coming with] the action experienced , instant by instant , throughout its duration — a coincidence in time which calls for the bare infinitive .

The implication of these observations for our discussion is that whereas with going to a movement towards the realization of the accompanying infinitive 's event is represented as being under way , with will there is no idea of a movement towards this event ( i.e. of something existing before it in time ) : the impression is merely that the potentiality for the infinitive 's event already exists , and will be actualized if certain conditions are met .
the implication of these observations for our discussion is that whereas with going to a movement towards the realization of the [coming with] infinitive 's event is represented as being under way , with will there is no idea of a movement towards this event ( i.e. of something existing before it in time ) : the impression is merely that the potentiality for the infinitive 's event already exists , and will be actualized if certain conditions are met .

In the dithyramb , the potent Dionysiac music and the accompanying movements of the dance symbolized the agony and the joy of this aspiration .
in the dithyramb , the potent dionysiac music and the [coming with] movements of the dance symbolized the agony and the joy of this aspiration .

Accompanying us was the delegation from the Sudan , led by Sir John Maffey , the Governor-General ; he was six foot three and impressive in appearance , with natural charm and a spontaneous interest in others .
[coming with] us was the delegation from the sudan , led by sir john maffey , the governor-general ; he was six foot three and impressive in appearance , with natural charm and a spontaneous interest in others .

The lessons will normally consist of three to five sections : a short conversational exchange ; a section on phonological features with drills ( particularly in the initial stages ) ; a section on grammar ; any cultural points relevant to the topic or situation being considered ; and vocabulary items which can be employed in the drills and exercises accompanying the lesson .
the lessons will normally consist of three to five sections : a short conversational exchange ; a section on phonological features with drills ( particularly in the initial stages ) ; a section on grammar ; any cultural points relevant to the topic or situation being considered ; and vocabulary items which can be employed in the drills and exercises [coming with] the lesson .

Fourteen healthy adult subjects then collected urine specimens before and within an hour after their normal breakfast , to assess the fall in urine acid output accompanying the first meal of the day .
fourteen healthy adult subjects then collected urine specimens before and within an hour after their normal breakfast , to assess the fall in urine acid output [coming with] the first meal of the day .

Furthermore , we followed up the course of the accompanying cholecystitis for 12 months and describe its complete cure .
furthermore , we followed up the course of the [coming with] cholecystitis for 12 months and describe its complete cure .

The present study shows that the intraarterial injection of endothelin-1 increased tissue type plasminogen activator activity in the regional blood accompanying the mucosal injury in a time dependent manner .
the present study shows that the intraarterial injection of endothelin-1 increased tissue type plasminogen activator activity in the regional blood [coming with] the mucosal injury in a time dependent manner .

Without endoscopy , it is not possible to differentiate between remission and mildly active disease ( one to four non-bloody stools/day without accompanying systemic illness ) .
without endoscopy , it is not possible to differentiate between remission and mildly active disease ( one to four non-bloody stools/day without [coming with] systemic illness ) .

In one of our patients endoscopic removal of the carcinoid failed and local excision with accompanying antrectomy was performed .
in one of our patients endoscopic removal of the carcinoid failed and local excision with [coming with] antrectomy was performed .

For all these reasons , the ‘ Führer myth ’ could not be dismantled instantaneously , but underwent a lengthy process of decline accompanying the gradual but chequered disillusionment and alienation of the mass of the population .
for all these reasons , the ‘ führer myth ’ could not be dismantled instantaneously , but underwent a lengthy process of decline [coming with] the gradual but chequered disillusionment and alienation of the mass of the population .

The overwhelming majority of the population now accepted that the war was irretrievably lost , and some voiced the feeling that its continuation , with the inevitable accompanying great losses , served only the interest of the leadership of the Reich , since it was obvious that the coming catastrophe would mean their own destruction .
the overwhelming majority of the population now accepted that the war was irretrievably lost , and some voiced the feeling that its continuation , with the inevitable [coming with] great losses , served only the interest of the leadership of the reich , since it was obvious that the coming catastrophe would mean their own destruction .

In this case , however , though the style is recognizably Hitlerian ( apart from the accompanying specific instructions for implementing the boycott , which seem to have been composed by Goebbels ) , the ‘ appeal ’ was signed collectively by ‘ the Party Leadership ’ .
in this case , however , though the style is recognizably hitlerian ( apart from the [coming with] specific instructions for implementing the boycott , which seem to have been composed by goebbels ) , the ‘ appeal ’ was signed collectively by ‘ the party leadership ’ .

He received an immediate apology , but a few weeks later the picture turned up again — this time accompanying a feature on prostitution in Paris .
he received an immediate apology , but a few weeks later the picture turned up again — this time [coming with] a feature on prostitution in paris .

Pasta is the ideal mid-week supper dish and the possibilities for tasty accompanying sauces are endless .
pasta is the ideal mid-week supper dish and the possibilities for tasty [coming with] sauces are endless .

’ , joy is the accompanying fruit of the Spirit and it sheds its radiance over life and death .
’ , joy is the [coming with] fruit of the spirit and it sheds its radiance over life and death .

The scientists who man the climatological observation posts are less cautious than they used to be now that the general theory of climate change has become common property ; government servants are more confident and outspoken ; and , while scepticism remains , no cabinet minister is likely to denounce the theory and the accompanying evidence as hysterical .
the scientists who man the climatological observation posts are less cautious than they used to be now that the general theory of climate change has become common property ; government servants are more confident and outspoken ; and , while scepticism remains , no cabinet minister is likely to denounce the theory and the [coming with] evidence as hysterical .

He peered at the menu displayed with accompanying admiring press comment outside the Trattoria San Giorgio , and decided you 'd be lucky to get out of there under £20 a head .
he peered at the menu displayed with [coming with] admiring press comment outside the trattoria san giorgio , and decided you 'd be lucky to get out of there under £20 a head .

Earlier , a Soviet official accompanying Mr Gorbachev said the Kremlin leader would express his support for an all-European conference next year to examine the burning issue of German reunification .
earlier , a soviet official [coming with] mr gorbachev said the kremlin leader would express his support for an all-european conference next year to examine the burning issue of german reunification .

The accompanying photograph , a reproduction of a ‘ gay outing ’ protest posterdesigned to force homosexual celebrities into the open , apparently showed him wearing a tee-shirt bearing the slogan ‘ Queer as **** ’ .
the [coming with] photograph , a reproduction of a ‘ gay outing ’ protest posterdesigned to force homosexual celebrities into the open , apparently showed him wearing a tee-shirt bearing the slogan ‘ queer as **** ’ .

Ms Margie Profet , a research associate at the University of California , believes the accompanying aversion to certain foods , tastes and smells may help the mother to avoid more toxic foods .
ms margie profet , a research associate at the university of california , believes the [coming with] aversion to certain foods , tastes and smells may help the mother to avoid more toxic foods .

The accompanying photograph , a reproduction of a ‘ gay outing ’ protest posterdesigned to force homosexual celebrities into the open , apparently showed him wearing a tee-shirt bearing the slogan ‘ Queer as **** ’ .
the [coming with] photograph , a reproduction of a ‘ gay outing ’ protest posterdesigned to force homosexual celebrities into the open , apparently showed him wearing a tee-shirt bearing the slogan ‘ queer as **** ’ .

The cigar-shaped belemnoids ( 'belemnites ' ) are common fossils accompanying the ammonoids in Jurassic and Cretaceous rocks .
the cigar-shaped belemnoids ( 'belemnites ' ) are common fossils [coming with] the ammonoids in jurassic and cretaceous rocks .

It is easy to recognize such gaping valves in fossils , and there are accompanying changes on the internal structure of the shell which are associated with species with long siphons .
it is easy to recognize such gaping valves in fossils , and there are [coming with] changes on the internal structure of the shell which are associated with species with long siphons .

b ) At the end of the Laxfordian events affecting the Lewisian rocks a suite of granite intrusions and accompanying pegmatite dykes and veins were emplaced c. 1750 m.y .
b ) at the end of the laxfordian events affecting the lewisian rocks a suite of granite intrusions and [coming with] pegmatite dykes and veins were emplaced c. 1750 m.y .

The granites throughout the Islands tend to be coarse grained and grey or pink in colour , and with the accompanying pegmatites very coarse grained and pink or reddish in colour , similar to the typical Laxfordian pegmatites on the Scottish mainland at Loch Laxford .
the granites throughout the islands tend to be coarse grained and grey or pink in colour , and with the [coming with] pegmatites very coarse grained and pink or reddish in colour , similar to the typical laxfordian pegmatites on the scottish mainland at loch laxford .

The global warming and the accompanying changes in rainfall are likely to be highly variable , and unpredictable in detail .
the global warming and the [coming with] changes in rainfall are likely to be highly variable , and unpredictable in detail .

To help you draw up a shortlist from the dozens of good new varieties on offer , the accompanying table will help you choose the pick of the bunch .
to help you draw up a shortlist from the dozens of good new varieties on offer , the [coming with] table will help you choose the pick of the bunch .

Anyone accompanying a disabled person will be admitted to the Meeting , as will guide dogs .
anyone [coming with] a disabled person will be admitted to the meeting , as will guide dogs .

However , lip service is often paid to the desirability of delegation without accompanying it by actual practice .
however , lip service is often paid to the desirability of delegation without [coming with] it by actual practice .

Exclusively for 14–25 year olds — theatre , voice , music , technical , dance/theatre , script development , local research are listed in the accompanying Oxford Youth Theatre Spring Programme .
exclusively for 14–25 year olds — theatre , voice , music , technical , dance/theatre , script development , local research are listed in the [coming with] oxford youth theatre spring programme .

Five children between the ages of nine and 14 who were on their way to Germany were left in London by accompanying adults .
five children between the ages of nine and 14 who were on their way to germany were left in london by [coming with] adults .

‘ Dreadful , is n't it ? said Keelan Lambert , who was accompanying him .
‘ dreadful , is n't it ? said keelan lambert , who was [coming with] him .

Accompanying the programme is To Serve and Protect , 10 commandments for everyday policing issued to every officer , after consultation over its text with MPs and community organisations .
[coming with] the programme is to serve and protect , 10 commandments for everyday policing issued to every officer , after consultation over its text with mps and community organisations .

Once , upon her getting out of the car , they manoeuvred the vehicle so as to trap the field-worker to prevent her accompanying them .
once , upon her getting out of the car , they manoeuvred the vehicle so as to trap the field-worker to prevent her [coming with] them .

John McCabe 's accompanying , too , is wonderfully supportive .
john mccabe 's [coming with] , too , is wonderfully supportive .

The accompanying letter needs to be personal and brief and should certainly not be sycophantic or name dropping .
the [coming with] letter needs to be personal and brief and should certainly not be sycophantic or name dropping .

In the North , the belief comes via the British parliamentary tradition of the two-party system and its accompanying electoral process of ‘ first pass the post ’ .
in the north , the belief comes via the british parliamentary tradition of the two-party system and its [coming with] electoral process of ‘ first pass the post ’ .

In his analysis of the popular culture which appeared among the promoters of the Pro-Life Campaign , set up to achieve a constitutional ban on abortion in the Republic in 1983 , O'Carroll pin-points certain characteristics , which can be abbreviated here : a monolithic and absolute view of the world , with its accompanying intolerance , derived in part from the direct consultation of clerics and politicians on public moral issues and the subsequent failure to develop an ethos of public debate ; a localized belief system , rooted in family and communal authority and issuing in a spirit of absolute conformity ; sexual prudery , a product partly of the inheritance problem ; and the development of acute anxiety when such beliefs — inhering partly as they do in their practice and shaping of society — are threatened .
in his analysis of the popular culture which appeared among the promoters of the pro-life campaign , set up to achieve a constitutional ban on abortion in the republic in 1983 , o'carroll pin-points certain characteristics , which can be abbreviated here : a monolithic and absolute view of the world , with its [coming with] intolerance , derived in part from the direct consultation of clerics and politicians on public moral issues and the subsequent failure to develop an ethos of public debate ; a localized belief system , rooted in family and communal authority and issuing in a spirit of absolute conformity ; sexual prudery , a product partly of the inheritance problem ; and the development of acute anxiety when such beliefs — inhering partly as they do in their practice and shaping of society — are threatened .

Whereas in Britain , with the growth of suffrage , catholics could never be perceived as a political threat because of the smallness of their numbers , in Ireland , with the growth of the home rule movement and its accompanying nationalism , they could only be perceived as politically , religiously , and nationally subversive and suspicion of them remained .
whereas in britain , with the growth of suffrage , catholics could never be perceived as a political threat because of the smallness of their numbers , in ireland , with the growth of the home rule movement and its [coming with] nationalism , they could only be perceived as politically , religiously , and nationally subversive and suspicion of them remained .

The famous paragraph of Article 42 intending to give pride of place to the Roman catholic church in the state was removed by referendum in 1972 , along with the accompanying paragraph recognizing other existing religious groups .
the famous paragraph of article 42 intending to give pride of place to the roman catholic church in the state was removed by referendum in 1972 , along with the [coming with] paragraph recognizing other existing religious groups .

Her trick was to establish during the early part of the evening roughly where the man lived ; then to announce a destination for herself to which he could not suggest accompanying her without seeming over keen .
her trick was to establish during the early part of the evening roughly where the man lived ; then to announce a destination for herself to which he could not suggest [coming with] her without seeming over keen .

However , the act of dedicating a portrait and describing its subject on an accompanying inscription was not necessarily initiated by the emperor .
however , the act of dedicating a portrait and describing its subject on an [coming with] inscription was not necessarily initiated by the emperor .

Not so long ago , if any such points of ambiguity arose regarding one 's duties , one had the comfort of knowing that before long some fellow professional whose opinion one respected would be accompanying their employer to the house , and there would be ample opportunity to discuss the matter .
not so long ago , if any such points of ambiguity arose regarding one 's duties , one had the comfort of knowing that before long some fellow professional whose opinion one respected would be [coming with] their employer to the house , and there would be ample opportunity to discuss the matter .

Even the superb ‘ All Stations ’ exhibition contained no examples of Latin American stations , nor were any illustrated in the accompanying , and otherwise excellent , book of the same name .
even the superb ‘ all stations ’ exhibition contained no examples of latin american stations , nor were any illustrated in the [coming with] , and otherwise excellent , book of the same name .

His theme is the exposition of the cultural dangers accompanying such valuable social changes as the achievement of literacy or the freeing of access to secondary education .
his theme is the exposition of the cultural dangers [coming with] such valuable social changes as the achievement of literacy or the freeing of access to secondary education .

Could a course of treatment be judged without reference to the accompanying activities of the doctors who arranged it ?
could a course of treatment be judged without reference to the [coming with] activities of the doctors who arranged it ?

No-one accompanying thoroughbreds expects to glide along aisles adjusting headphones , providing pillows and dispensing drinks , other than the odd bucket of water .
no-one [coming with] thoroughbreds expects to glide along aisles adjusting headphones , providing pillows and dispensing drinks , other than the odd bucket of water .

At 8am police officers , accompanying prison staff , tried to enter the centre but were met by a hail of stones .
at 8am police officers , [coming with] prison staff , tried to enter the centre but were met by a hail of stones .

For all his international notoriety , Harari is barely known in his native country , and the one photograph known to exist of him was reprinted on the front pages of newspapers yesterday accompanying the news of his arrest .
for all his international notoriety , harari is barely known in his native country , and the one photograph known to exist of him was reprinted on the front pages of newspapers yesterday [coming with] the news of his arrest .

However , businesses take time to build up and , having built them up , and an accompanying status in the all-male Sikh society , they were reluctant to leave , and gradually more and more men started sending for their wives .
however , businesses take time to build up and , having built them up , and an [coming with] status in the all-male sikh society , they were reluctant to leave , and gradually more and more men started sending for their wives .

The noise of the exploding mortars in the wood and the accompanying rattle of small arms fire drowned the rest of Jock 's words .
the noise of the exploding mortars in the wood and the [coming with] rattle of small arms fire drowned the rest of jock 's words .

After a very uncomfortable night being on the hard floor of the corridor with all the accompanying smells , the sight of the drab factory buildings and the tall grey tenements passing slowly past the carriage window was a most welcome sight .
after a very uncomfortable night being on the hard floor of the corridor with all the [coming with] smells , the sight of the drab factory buildings and the tall grey tenements passing slowly past the carriage window was a most welcome sight .

Seen in the accompanying picture , they are : Back row , from left , Stan Cape , Ken Munday , Harry Eccles , Albert Daubney and Bill Sammonds ; front , Ray Darney , Charlie Chase and Don Clarkson .
seen in the [coming with] picture , they are : back row , from left , stan cape , ken munday , harry eccles , albert daubney and bill sammonds ; front , ray darney , charlie chase and don clarkson .

Eliot 's Bough was The Golden Bough which had plenty to say about the rebirth of gods accompanying vegetation .
eliot 's bough was the golden bough which had plenty to say about the rebirth of gods [coming with] vegetation .

Accompanying the association between dress and class was that between dress and gender . This is Stubbes :
[coming with] the association between dress and class was that between dress and gender . this is stubbes :

Yesterday Dr John Marks , the chairman of the association 's council , said the crucial phrase lay in a working paper accompanying the White Paper which said there would be legislation ‘ to require ’ authorities to keep to their drug budgets .
yesterday dr john marks , the chairman of the association 's council , said the crucial phrase lay in a working paper [coming with] the white paper which said there would be legislation ‘ to require ’ authorities to keep to their drug budgets .

Where Thatcher is plainly an ambitious woman , Freud reveals that the source of human ambition is urethral eroticism : the pleasure accompanying the function of urinating .
where thatcher is plainly an ambitious woman , freud reveals that the source of human ambition is urethral eroticism : the pleasure [coming with] the function of urinating .

The questions were asked to the accompanying sound of thunder and lightning , gale force winds and extremely heavy rain outside the building in which the competition was taking place .
the questions were asked to the [coming with] sound of thunder and lightning , gale force winds and extremely heavy rain outside the building in which the competition was taking place .

Captured by Blackfoot or Atsina Indians when accompanying buffalo-hunters to Montana in the late eighteenth century , she was sold to eastern Indians and then on to a French-Canadian at Red River .
captured by blackfoot or atsina indians when [coming with] buffalo-hunters to montana in the late eighteenth century , she was sold to eastern indians and then on to a french-canadian at red river .

Accompanying the arrival of peace were the problems of reorganising the economies , and the gigantic task of sorting out the millions of refugees and displaced persons scattered throughout Europe .
[coming with] the arrival of peace were the problems of reorganising the economies , and the gigantic task of sorting out the millions of refugees and displaced persons scattered throughout europe .

Accompanying these changes in the balance of provider roles was a significant change in the kinds of accommodation provided .
[coming with] these changes in the balance of provider roles was a significant change in the kinds of accommodation provided .

Here is another sense in which the child is not ‘ object ’ but ‘ person ’ , with a right to be heard , without an accompanying and inappropriate responsibility to decide .
here is another sense in which the child is not ‘ object ’ but ‘ person ’ , with a right to be heard , without an [coming with] and inappropriate responsibility to decide .

The Central Committee then circulated to the Serbian Party a document which was to form the basis of compulsory discussions in all party organizations , with the accompanying demand that there should be a ‘ differentiation ’ .
the central committee then circulated to the serbian party a document which was to form the basis of compulsory discussions in all party organizations , with the [coming with] demand that there should be a ‘ differentiation ’ .

Nowhere is this more plainly spelt out than in the ‘ programme notes ’ accompanying the show .
nowhere is this more plainly spelt out than in the ‘ programme notes ’ [coming with] the show .

Yet , as the accompanying graph shows , The Daily Telegraph continued to lose readers .
yet , as the [coming with] graph shows , the daily telegraph continued to lose readers .

Avuncular and sociable , he was a warm and friendly person who might be encountered conducting a Women 's Institute choir , accompanying an audition at the piano , as a freelance organist or providing harpsichord continuo .
avuncular and sociable , he was a warm and friendly person who might be encountered conducting a women 's institute choir , [coming with] an audition at the piano , as a freelance organist or providing harpsichord continuo .

When Esau next asks him about the purpose of the three droves sent on ahead ( it would appear that the slaves accompanying them have not passed on Jacob 's message ) , Jacob answers , ‘ To find favour in the sight of my lord .
when esau next asks him about the purpose of the three droves sent on ahead ( it would appear that the slaves [coming with] them have not passed on jacob 's message ) , jacob answers , ‘ to find favour in the sight of my lord .

Kipling rubbed in this moral in the poem accompanying the story :
kipling rubbed in this moral in the poem [coming with] the story :

The flow accompanying this method is illustrated in figure 3 opposite .
the flow [coming with] this method is illustrated in figure 3 opposite .

Children start in the beginners group and when they prove to have good contact with parents , the ability to understand instructions and to move from one position to another they move on to the advanced group which is for children over the age of two , still with parents accompanying .
children start in the beginners group and when they prove to have good contact with parents , the ability to understand instructions and to move from one position to another they move on to the advanced group which is for children over the age of two , still with parents [coming with] .

There was no such professional method about Blackadder , who nevertheless noticed and corrected a plethora of errors , accompanying this correction with a steady series of disparaging comments on the declining standard of English education .
there was no such professional method about blackadder , who nevertheless noticed and corrected a plethora of errors , [coming with] this correction with a steady series of disparaging comments on the declining standard of english education .

Blocked in on the west side of the atrium , alongside the stairs from reception , are the building 's main vertical circulation routes — lift , stairs and accompanying walkways .
blocked in on the west side of the atrium , alongside the stairs from reception , are the building 's main vertical circulation routes — lift , stairs and [coming with] walkways .

Therefore , please take this response as agreement with your requests for copies of the video and book and for incorporation of your company name on the end credits of the video and in the acknowledgements in the book accompanying the video .
therefore , please take this response as agreement with your requests for copies of the video and book and for incorporation of your company name on the end credits of the video and in the acknowledgements in the book [coming with] the video .

For the accompanying media corps , swelled by correspondents from the Atlantic to the Urals , there were long hours and early starts , countless mid-air prawn sandwiches , several overnight stays , two hot meals and just one real story — when Kinnock 's press secretary , Julie Hall , committed professional suicide in order to save her leader from embarassment in the row over who leaked Jennifer Bennett 's name .
for the [coming with] media corps , swelled by correspondents from the atlantic to the urals , there were long hours and early starts , countless mid-air prawn sandwiches , several overnight stays , two hot meals and just one real story — when kinnock 's press secretary , julie hall , committed professional suicide in order to save her leader from embarassment in the row over who leaked jennifer bennett 's name .

The accompanying press release tells us they are ‘ heading into a harder , rockier realm ’ .
the [coming with] press release tells us they are ‘ heading into a harder , rockier realm ’ .

In a masterly television interview on Sunday , John Smith , the shadow Chancellor , exuded competence and an almost Gladstonian fiscal probity , but there was a ring of the Sixties about the accompanying discussion between MPs and experts which left the impression that , in squaring circles , the Labour Party remains endemically the party of inflation .
in a masterly television interview on sunday , john smith , the shadow chancellor , exuded competence and an almost gladstonian fiscal probity , but there was a ring of the sixties about the [coming with] discussion between mps and experts which left the impression that , in squaring circles , the labour party remains endemically the party of inflation .

Instead of accompanying us , he carried the Bulgarian bodily down to the refuge .
instead of [coming with] us , he carried the bulgarian bodily down to the refuge .

The accompanying graph ( 4b , bottom ) shows the predicability — with 0.04dB between measured and theoretical — of the filter circuit when clocked at 25MHz .
the [coming with] graph ( 4b , bottom ) shows the predicability — with 0.04db between measured and theoretical — of the filter circuit when clocked at 25mhz .

After half an hour in each case , the mother was released to join her infant and the accompanying male .
after half an hour in each case , the mother was released to join her infant and the [coming with] male .

In the wake of the MacCabe affair in 1981 , an editorial in the Times Higher Education Supplement said that a fissiparous discipline such as English had a number of hard choices in front of it : it could become even more pluralistic and diffuse , with accompanying pedagogic problems ; it could repressively impose one favoured approach ; or it could split .
in the wake of the maccabe affair in 1981 , an editorial in the times higher education supplement said that a fissiparous discipline such as english had a number of hard choices in front of it : it could become even more pluralistic and diffuse , with [coming with] pedagogic problems ; it could repressively impose one favoured approach ; or it could split .

The tour is repeated , as are the chords , at the beginning of each variation which features a different orchestral section and its accompanying set of dancers .
the tour is repeated , as are the chords , at the beginning of each variation which features a different orchestral section and its [coming with] set of dancers .

The accompanying caption should have identified the school as the North Manchester Girls ' High School .
the [coming with] caption should have identified the school as the north manchester girls ' high school .

When 17-year-old Francis took the stand , he unconvincingly tried to adopt his elder brother 's aggressive contempt for authority , but the nights in Prison and the unyielding crowds accompanying him and his brothers wherever they went had adversely affected the young man .
when 17-year-old francis took the stand , he unconvincingly tried to adopt his elder brother 's aggressive contempt for authority , but the nights in prison and the unyielding crowds [coming with] him and his brothers wherever they went had adversely affected the young man .

who plays most beautifully and who is the same age and the same size as Wolfgang … The two boys performed one after the other throughout the whole evening … On the following day the little Englishman … had his violin brought to our rooms and played the whole afternoon , Wolfgang accompanying on his own . ( 21 April 1770 )
who plays most beautifully and who is the same age and the same size as wolfgang … the two boys performed one after the other throughout the whole evening … on the following day the little englishman … had his violin brought to our rooms and played the whole afternoon , wolfgang [coming with] on his own . ( 21 april 1770 )

Many guests indeed complained not of ennui but of exhaustion brought on by accompanying Eugénie while she scampered up and down rocks , or by long walks and excursions in the area around the palace which took place most days after lunch .
many guests indeed complained not of ennui but of exhaustion brought on by [coming with] eugénie while she scampered up and down rocks , or by long walks and excursions in the area around the palace which took place most days after lunch .

Accompanying these changes in the policy and organisation of the church was the growth of new developments in theology , which have come to be known as the Theology of Liberation .
[coming with] these changes in the policy and organisation of the church was the growth of new developments in theology , which have come to be known as the theology of liberation .

True , there is a stream Kingsdale Beck , draining the slopes of Whernside at the head of the valley and accompanying the road down but for much of its early journey it prefers to travel under rather than on its limestone bed and remains out of sight and hearing .
true , there is a stream kingsdale beck , draining the slopes of whernside at the head of the valley and [coming with] the road down but for much of its early journey it prefers to travel under rather than on its limestone bed and remains out of sight and hearing .

When the accompanying stream drops over a ledge , it is a signal to retreat and return to daylight .
when the [coming with] stream drops over a ledge , it is a signal to retreat and return to daylight .

There are a number of typical cracking patterns with various causes which develop in walls and which help the diagnosis of foundation failure , and these are shown in the accompanying illustrations .
there are a number of typical cracking patterns with various causes which develop in walls and which help the diagnosis of foundation failure , and these are shown in the [coming with] illustrations .

Even accompanying pets were lavishly treated .
even [coming with] pets were lavishly treated .

However , the counties have locked themselves into a zero sum game as the competitive drive for success at the playing level , in the belief and expectation that it is this which will increase and sustain revenues , together with accompanying bonus incentives inexorably bids up the price of labour .
however , the counties have locked themselves into a zero sum game as the competitive drive for success at the playing level , in the belief and expectation that it is this which will increase and sustain revenues , together with [coming with] bonus incentives inexorably bids up the price of labour .

Many people like to do exercises to music and there are plenty of options — you can go to classes , devise your own exercises to music , buy one of the exercise cassettes with accompanying wall chart or , if you have a video , buy one of the exercise videos available .
many people like to do exercises to music and there are plenty of options — you can go to classes , devise your own exercises to music , buy one of the exercise cassettes with [coming with] wall chart or , if you have a video , buy one of the exercise videos available .

Do you really enjoy the company of the person who is supposed to be accompanying you , or do you merely tolerate him or her because you feel you have no other choice ?
do you really enjoy the company of the person who is supposed to be [coming with] you , or do you merely tolerate him or her because you feel you have no other choice ?

Before you begin to fill in any application form make sure you have read and thoroughly understood any accompanying notes .
before you begin to fill in any application form make sure you have read and thoroughly understood any [coming with] notes .

They require a brief accompanying letter .
they require a brief [coming with] letter .

When both partners in a marriage consistently blame the other and suffer from the accompanying underlying despair , the marriage is likely to be in difficulties from the beginning .
when both partners in a marriage consistently blame the other and suffer from the [coming with] underlying despair , the marriage is likely to be in difficulties from the beginning .

Some violence is , of course , sheer unadulterated sadism with an accompanying orgiastic delight in hurting and remember that we all have a sadistic capacity and there are not many people so out of touch with the darker , deeper aspects of their human nature that they have never indulged a sadistic fantasy .
some violence is , of course , sheer unadulterated sadism with an [coming with] orgiastic delight in hurting and remember that we all have a sadistic capacity and there are not many people so out of touch with the darker , deeper aspects of their human nature that they have never indulged a sadistic fantasy .

Monetarists have attempted to counter this by arguing that any increase in spending by one group in the economy , with no accompanying increase in the money supply , will tend to raise interest rates and so ‘ crowd out ’ spending by some other groups .
monetarists have attempted to counter this by arguing that any increase in spending by one group in the economy , with no [coming with] increase in the money supply , will tend to raise interest rates and so ‘ crowd out ’ spending by some other groups .

There has been much debate about whether increases in costs can be inflationary without an accompanying increase in the money supply .
there has been much debate about whether increases in costs can be inflationary without an [coming with] increase in the money supply .

Each proprietary brand of locator has its accompanying transmitter and it must be said that in all four instances these work better if you use the manufacturer 's pairing rather than permutating among the ones available .
each proprietary brand of locator has its [coming with] transmitter and it must be said that in all four instances these work better if you use the manufacturer 's pairing rather than permutating among the ones available .

Around the corner , in Rutherglen Road , a small knot of people would gather outside the office of the Hebrew Burial Society , awaiting the hearse and accompanying vehicles .
around the corner , in rutherglen road , a small knot of people would gather outside the office of the hebrew burial society , awaiting the hearse and [coming with] vehicles .

— accompanying them to social events , medical appointments and everyday outings
— [coming with] them to social events , medical appointments and everyday outings

The accompanying report summarises other related research : ‘ These images of older persons as clinging to the past and as being resistant to change reflect two widely-held assumptions about ageing .
the [coming with] report summarises other related research : ‘ these images of older persons as clinging to the past and as being resistant to change reflect two widely-held assumptions about ageing .

Accompanying him is Tom Tix .
[coming with] him is tom tix .

In the neuropathic diabetic supine hypertension with accompanying postural hypotension is extremely difficult to treat .
in the neuropathic diabetic supine hypertension with [coming with] postural hypotension is extremely difficult to treat .

The briefing pack accompanying Working for patients ( DoH , 1989h ) claims that at ‘ Regional and district level planning will be able to respond more effectively to the health needs of the population rather than being tied to details of the operational delivery of services ’ .
the briefing pack [coming with] working for patients ( doh , 1989h ) claims that at ‘ regional and district level planning will be able to respond more effectively to the health needs of the population rather than being tied to details of the operational delivery of services ’ .

Throughout her childhood she had heard similar sounds when accompanying her mother on visits to her women friends .
throughout her childhood she had heard similar sounds when [coming with] her mother on visits to her women friends .

Full technical details of the Bond including the effect on your benefits of a change in taxation can be found in the accompanying leaflet ‘ Product Information ’ .
full technical details of the bond including the effect on your benefits of a change in taxation can be found in the [coming with] leaflet ‘ product information ’ .

We recommend that you read the accompanying Product Information leaflet .
we recommend that you read the [coming with] product information leaflet .

We were far too good sailors to risk the wash of a dreadnought , but we steamed in near enough to see the sailors on the deck of one of the accompanying destroyers .
we were far too good sailors to risk the wash of a dreadnought , but we steamed in near enough to see the sailors on the deck of one of the [coming with] destroyers .

Accompanying this shift is the introduction of a uniform business rate whose level is to be centrally determined , with the income also collected centrally and then redistributed in the form of government grant according to a centrally determined formula .
[coming with] this shift is the introduction of a uniform business rate whose level is to be centrally determined , with the income also collected centrally and then redistributed in the form of government grant according to a centrally determined formula .

Accompanying the proposed Investment Services Directive is the proposed Capital Adequacy Directive that will establish minimum capital requirements to be met by investment firms .
[coming with] the proposed investment services directive is the proposed capital adequacy directive that will establish minimum capital requirements to be met by investment firms .

In early spring Maud , his wife , suffered her second miscarriage , and with the accompanying trauma it was a wonder James managed to finish the last of his studies at the hospital .
in early spring maud , his wife , suffered her second miscarriage , and with the [coming with] trauma it was a wonder james managed to finish the last of his studies at the hospital .

Free admission for an accompanying organiser/guide .
free admission for an [coming with] organiser/guide .

This blow , the accompanying words , or both , annoyed Amos who shot back : ‘ Ah 'm as fit as thee !
this blow , the [coming with] words , or both , annoyed amos who shot back : ‘ ah 'm as fit as thee !

The coffee is strong and sweet with a glass of tea accompanying it to drown the sweetness .
the coffee is strong and sweet with a glass of tea [coming with] it to drown the sweetness .

We give here the main reasons for doubting the validity of Urquhart 's population dose estimates , and for rejecting the conclusions of the accompanying contribution ‘ Looking for an increase in deaths from cancer ’ ( pB74 ) .
we give here the main reasons for doubting the validity of urquhart 's population dose estimates , and for rejecting the conclusions of the [coming with] contribution ‘ looking for an increase in deaths from cancer ’ ( pb74 ) .

However , in an accompanying leader in the Journal of the American Medical Association , Dr Also Rossini of the University of Massachusetts Medical school cautions that little is known about the safety of immunosuppression for human diabetics .
however , in an [coming with] leader in the journal of the american medical association , dr also rossini of the university of massachusetts medical school cautions that little is known about the safety of immunosuppression for human diabetics .

These males are still in their bright nuptial plumage and as long as they retain it they maintain the high levels of vigilance observed when accompanying their females .
these males are still in their bright nuptial plumage and as long as they retain it they maintain the high levels of vigilance observed when [coming with] their females .

For example , the deployment of explosive rats where they would do the most good , or harm ( in wartime the two may be synonymous ) was aided by accompanying them by leaflets saying that the British were delivering rats infected with bubonic plague and the best thing to do with them , if found , was to throw them into a furnace .
for example , the deployment of explosive rats where they would do the most good , or harm ( in wartime the two may be synonymous ) was aided by [coming with] them by leaflets saying that the british were delivering rats infected with bubonic plague and the best thing to do with them , if found , was to throw them into a furnace .

She told us ( 27 January , p 221 ) that a neutron decays into a proton , an electron and a neutrino , but in the diagram accompanying her words we were shown a representation of a neutron decaying into a proton , an electron and an antineutrino .
she told us ( 27 january , p 221 ) that a neutron decays into a proton , an electron and a neutrino , but in the diagram [coming with] her words we were shown a representation of a neutron decaying into a proton , an electron and an antineutrino .

True , the bacteriology that emerges from Shaw 's play and its accompanying preface is heavily tainted by his own tetchy brand of anti-science .
true , the bacteriology that emerges from shaw 's play and its [coming with] preface is heavily tainted by his own tetchy brand of anti-science .

No target material should survive the shock pressures accompanying the requisite impact .
no target material should survive the shock pressures [coming with] the requisite impact .

These are complemented by numerous diagrams of great clarity and relevance to the accompanying text .
these are complemented by numerous diagrams of great clarity and relevance to the [coming with] text .

By 1969 a complete textbook series from primary one to primary seven ( pupils ' books and accompanying teacher 's guides ) ; a manual for teacher training , Basic Concepts in Mathematics ; and two alternative series for secondary schools had been produced , providing in all 67 volumes of prototype materials .
by 1969 a complete textbook series from primary one to primary seven ( pupils ' books and [coming with] teacher 's guides ) ; a manual for teacher training , basic concepts in mathematics ; and two alternative series for secondary schools had been produced , providing in all 67 volumes of prototype materials .

Solutions to the problems accompanying the adoption of a Nigerian language ( such as Yoruba ) as the medium of instruction will be stimulated .
solutions to the problems [coming with] the adoption of a nigerian language ( such as yoruba ) as the medium of instruction will be stimulated .

In addition , the industrial revolution was under way and its accompanying drabness made people look back to more romantic ages .
in addition , the industrial revolution was under way and its [coming with] drabness made people look back to more romantic ages .

In 1957 a Channel Tunnel Study Group with British , French and American membership undertook extensive survey work and considered the relative merits of a range of fixed link designs , finally opting in 1960 for a twin bored tunnel with accompanying service tunnel .
in 1957 a channel tunnel study group with british , french and american membership undertook extensive survey work and considered the relative merits of a range of fixed link designs , finally opting in 1960 for a twin bored tunnel with [coming with] service tunnel .

When Pat came to me in the autumn of 1989 she was suffering from osteoarthritis of the neck and spine with accompanying raised blood pressure .
when pat came to me in the autumn of 1989 she was suffering from osteoarthritis of the neck and spine with [coming with] raised blood pressure .

The feeling of some councillors was that the accompanying contract was somewhat ‘ one-sided ’ .
the feeling of some councillors was that the [coming with] contract was somewhat ‘ one-sided ’ .

Figure 2 and the accompanying box show how shoulder angle is defined .
figure 2 and the [coming with] box show how shoulder angle is defined .

But Mason insists on his ‘ entirely objective intentions ’ : the music is ‘ a guided tour around a chorus of the main English and Welsh lighthouses ( and Fog Signal characters and Equipment ) , from the Solway Firth to the Farne Islands , some of which were notated ‘ in the field ’ … each lighthouse is portrayed solo , in turn , with accompanying pre-echoes and after-images of the others ’ .
but mason insists on his ‘ entirely objective intentions ’ : the music is ‘ a guided tour around a chorus of the main english and welsh lighthouses ( and fog signal characters and equipment ) , from the solway firth to the farne islands , some of which were notated ‘ in the field ’ … each lighthouse is portrayed solo , in turn , with [coming with] pre-echoes and after-images of the others ’ .

The accompanying press release calls this album ‘ mainstream ’ ; perhaps it is , but there 's nothing wrong with that , as the elders in the Marsalis family are always happy to prove .
the [coming with] press release calls this album ‘ mainstream ’ ; perhaps it is , but there 's nothing wrong with that , as the elders in the marsalis family are always happy to prove .

Also worth listening to : the tongue-in-cheek Jigsaw , with its ‘ variations on a Scottish theme ’ , sounding like a bagpipe chanter played by flute and marimba , with accompanying drone from Phillips 's double bass .
also worth listening to : the tongue-in-cheek jigsaw , with its ‘ variations on a scottish theme ’ , sounding like a bagpipe chanter played by flute and marimba , with [coming with] drone from phillips 's double bass .

They give the female cat a false pregnancy , complete with all the usual accompanying symptoms , such as increased appetite and increased weight .
they give the female cat a false pregnancy , complete with all the usual [coming with] symptoms , such as increased appetite and increased weight .

Whenever possible , students should have the opportunity of accompanying the occupational therapist or physiotherapist on a home visit .
whenever possible , students should have the opportunity of [coming with] the occupational therapist or physiotherapist on a home visit .

The learning that is expected from the accompanying ward experience can be made explicit , and here the names of the staff who might act as resource personnel can help the new learner particularly .
the learning that is expected from the [coming with] ward experience can be made explicit , and here the names of the staff who might act as resource personnel can help the new learner particularly .

Accompanying illustrations are , even with the help of an overhead projector , difficult to make clear .
[coming with] illustrations are , even with the help of an overhead projector , difficult to make clear .

All of these guidelines tend to be narrative and concentrate on qualitative trends and areas of concern but with an accompanying outline of quantitative forecasts .
all of these guidelines tend to be narrative and concentrate on qualitative trends and areas of concern but with an [coming with] outline of quantitative forecasts .

This was made clear in the circular accompanying the Inner Urban Areas Act 1978 ( DoE , 1978 ) .
this was made clear in the circular [coming with] the inner urban areas act 1978 ( doe , 1978 ) .

The rule is illustrated by the accompanying diagram .
the rule is illustrated by the [coming with] diagram .

The Haber and Schaller approach is to ‘ soft-couple ’ these different levels and their accompanying approaches using an ecological balance model .
the haber and schaller approach is to ‘ soft-couple ’ these different levels and their [coming with] approaches using an ecological balance model .

Although a report in The Builder says that the offices and the residence were designed as three distinct buildings , in an accompanying perspective view from the north-west they seem to be inextricably linked .
although a report in the builder says that the offices and the residence were designed as three distinct buildings , in an [coming with] perspective view from the north-west they seem to be inextricably linked .

As late as 26th June , Palmerston was assuring the Queen that the Mutiny was only a local affair , but by 11th July the full extent of the fighting and accompanying atrocities were known to the Government .
as late as 26th june , palmerston was assuring the queen that the mutiny was only a local affair , but by 11th july the full extent of the fighting and [coming with] atrocities were known to the government .

For more information complete the card accompanying this booklet .
for more information complete the card [coming with] this booklet .

On the same street you will also find the ticket office for the Military Tattoo ( see pages 35 ) , with an accompanying gallery and souvenir shop .
on the same street you will also find the ticket office for the military tattoo ( see pages 35 ) , with an [coming with] gallery and souvenir shop .

Most showrooms are again offering quality stars and elaborate productions , sans the accompanying dinner service .
most showrooms are again offering quality stars and elaborate productions , sans the [coming with] dinner service .

The era known as the Nara Period was marked by the religious fervor of the Buddhist monks and also by their accompanying artistic achievements .
the era known as the nara period was marked by the religious fervor of the buddhist monks and also by their [coming with] artistic achievements .

An accompanying van carries camping gear and luggage .
an [coming with] van carries camping gear and luggage .

The small town of Valle Gran Rey even has a beach of some size , albeit of black sand , and accompanying restaurants .
the small town of valle gran rey even has a beach of some size , albeit of black sand , and [coming with] restaurants .

Finally you emerge from the cave into a South Seas paradise , complete with its accompanying swimming pool .
finally you emerge from the cave into a south seas paradise , complete with its [coming with] swimming pool .

The Templars ’ old stronghold , the UNESCO World Heritage sites Castelo dos Templários ( Templars ’ Castle ) and the accompanying Convento do Cristo ( Convent of Christ ) , overlook Tomar from wooded heights .
the templars ’ old stronghold , the unesco world heritage sites castelo dos templários ( templars ’ castle ) and the [coming with] convento do cristo ( convent of christ ) , overlook tomar from wooded heights .

On the way up note the yellow patches and their accompanying metal rings ; these were used when manually hauling the heavy cannons up the Rock .
on the way up note the yellow patches and their [coming with] metal rings ; these were used when manually hauling the heavy cannons up the rock .

The Supplementary Information accompanying the proposed rule contains a discussion and assessment of the economic impacts of the proposed standard , including its potential costs , benefits , and alternatives .
the supplementary information [coming with] the proposed rule contains a discussion and assessment of the economic impacts of the proposed standard , including its potential costs , benefits , and alternatives .

Section 603 : Initial regulatory flexibility analysis The Supplementary Information accompanying the proposed rulemaking includes a certification , pursuant to section 605 ( b ) of title 5 , that the proposal would not have a significant impact on a substantial number of small entities , thereby exempting the proposed rule from the requirement for an initial regulatory flexibility analysis .
section 603 : initial regulatory flexibility analysis the supplementary information [coming with] the proposed rulemaking includes a certification , pursuant to section 605 ( b ) of title 5 , that the proposal would not have a significant impact on a substantial number of small entities , thereby exempting the proposed rule from the requirement for an initial regulatory flexibility analysis .

The Supplementary Information accompanying the proposed rule does include some of the information covered by section 202 .
the supplementary information [coming with] the proposed rule does include some of the information covered by section 202 .

The Supplementary Information accompanying the final rule states in this regard : `` There is no requirement for such an evaluation where Congress has eliminated the agency 's discretion by precluding any action other than the one announced in this notice . ''
the supplementary information [coming with] the final rule states in this regard : `` there is no requirement for such an evaluation where congress has eliminated the agency 's discretion by precluding any action other than the one announced in this notice . ''

Statutory authorization for the rule The Supplementary Information accompanying the final rule discusses at length its legal basis .
statutory authorization for the rule the supplementary information [coming with] the final rule discusses at length its legal basis .

Executive Order 12612 The Supplementary Information accompanying the proposed rule states that , based on an analysis of the principles and criteria contained in Executive Order No .
executive order 12612 the supplementary information [coming with] the proposed rule states that , based on an analysis of the principles and criteria contained in executive order no .

The Supplementary Information accompanying the final rule states that the final rule was not analyzed under Executive Order No .
the supplementary information [coming with] the final rule states that the final rule was not analyzed under executive order no .

In addition , see the accompanying 21 reports , numbered GAO-01-242 through GAO-01-262 on specific agencies .
in addition , see the [coming with] 21 reports , numbered gao-01-242 through gao-01-262 on specific agencies .

CHAPTER 2 : HERITAGE ASSETS Heritage Assets Heritage assets shall be reported as required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the Federal Government and the component units of the Federal Government responsible for such assets .
chapter 2 : heritage assets heritage assets heritage assets shall be reported as required supplementary stewardship information [coming with] the financial statements of the federal government and the component units of the federal government responsible for such assets .

CHAPTER 3 : FEDERAL MISSION PP & E Federal Mission Property , Plant , and Equipment Federal mission property , plant , and equipment ( PP & E ) shall be reported as required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the Federal Government and the component units of the Federal Government responsible for such PP & E .
chapter 3 : federal mission pp & e federal mission property , plant , and equipment federal mission property , plant , and equipment ( pp & e ) shall be reported as required supplementary stewardship information [coming with] the financial statements of the federal government and the component units of the federal government responsible for such pp & e .

CHAPTER 4 : STEWARDSHIP LAND Stewardship Land Land not acquired for or in connection with22 items of general PP & E , that is , stewardship land , shall be reported as required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the Federal Government and the separate reports of component units of the Federal Government responsible for such land .
chapter 4 : stewardship land stewardship land land not acquired for or in connection with22 items of general pp & e , that is , stewardship land , shall be reported as required supplementary stewardship information [coming with] the financial statements of the federal government and the separate reports of component units of the federal government responsible for such land .

CHAPTER 5 : NONFEDERAL PHYSICAL PROPERTY STANDARD Nonfederal Physical Property Expenses included in calculating net cost for nonfederal physical property programs shall be reported as investments in required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the Federal Government and the separate reports of component units of the Federal Government responsible for such investments .
chapter 5 : nonfederal physical property standard nonfederal physical property expenses included in calculating net cost for nonfederal physical property programs shall be reported as investments in required supplementary stewardship information [coming with] the financial statements of the federal government and the separate reports of component units of the federal government responsible for such investments .

CHAPTER 6 : HUMAN CAPITAL Human Capital Expenses included in calculating net cost for education and training programs that are intended to increase or maintain national economic productive capacity shall be reported as investments in human capital as required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the Federal Government and its component units .
chapter 6 : human capital human capital expenses included in calculating net cost for education and training programs that are intended to increase or maintain national economic productive capacity shall be reported as investments in human capital as required supplementary stewardship information [coming with] the financial statements of the federal government and its component units .

CHAPTER 7 : RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT Research and Development Expenses included in calculating net cost for research and development programs that are intended to increase or maintain national economic productive capacity or yield other future benefits shall be reported as investments in research and development in required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the Federal Government and its component units .
chapter 7 : research & development research and development expenses included in calculating net cost for research and development programs that are intended to increase or maintain national economic productive capacity or yield other future benefits shall be reported as investments in research and development in required supplementary stewardship information [coming with] the financial statements of the federal government and its component units .

The data would be presented as required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the consolidated financial statements of the Federal Government but not in individual reports of its component units .
the data would be presented as required supplementary stewardship information [coming with] the consolidated financial statements of the federal government but not in individual reports of its component units .

Further , the information required to be reported by these standards goes beyond that customarily accompanying financial reports of governments or commercial enterprises .
further , the information required to be reported by these standards goes beyond that customarily [coming with] financial reports of governments or commercial enterprises .

Accompanying the discussion of each practice is a case illustration involving a federal agency that has made progress in incorporating the practice into its operations .
[coming with] the discussion of each practice is a case illustration involving a federal agency that has made progress in incorporating the practice into its operations .

As the principal legislative history accompanying the General Accounting Office Act of 1980 explains , ƒWith the growth in the number of Federal programs and agencies , the Congress has by necessity become more dependent on GAO assistance in fulfilling its oversight and legislative responsibilities .
as the principal legislative history [coming with] the general accounting office act of 1980 explains , ƒwith the growth in the number of federal programs and agencies , the congress has by necessity become more dependent on gao assistance in fulfilling its oversight and legislative responsibilities .

The principal legislative history accompanying the Act16 chronicled the different access problems GAO had encountered in obtaining records to which it was legally entitled , including ƒserious access to records difficulties at the White House.≈ These included an audit that required GAO to obtain unemployment estimates from the Council of Economic Advisers.17 The Senate report accompanying the 1980 Act explicitly recognized that ƒthe President and his principal advisers and assistants≈ are within the scope of GAO « s access rights and enforcement authority.18 In order to accommodate executive branch concerns about the extent to which GAO could judicially compel disclosure of highly sensitive information , Congress added the ƒcertification≈ mechanism .
the principal legislative history [coming with] the act16 chronicled the different access problems gao had encountered in obtaining records to which it was legally entitled , including ƒserious access to records difficulties at the white house.≈ these included an audit that required gao to obtain unemployment estimates from the council of economic advisers.17 the senate report [coming with] the 1980 act explicitly recognized that ƒthe president and his principal advisers and assistants≈ are within the scope of gao « s access rights and enforcement authority.18 in order to accommodate executive branch concerns about the extent to which gao could judicially compel disclosure of highly sensitive information , congress added the ƒcertification≈ mechanism .

HUD reports that the interim rule and the accompanying economic analysis were reviewed and approved by OMB as required by E.O .
hud reports that the interim rule and the [coming with] economic analysis were reviewed and approved by omb as required by e.o .

United States General Accounting Office Washington , DC 20548 January 2002 TO AUDIT OFFICIALS AND OTHERS INTERESTED IN GOVERNMENT AUDITING STANDARDS GAO invites your comments on the accompanying proposed changes to Government Auditing Standards ( GAGAS ) , commonly known as the `` yellow book . ''
united states general accounting office washington , dc 20548 january 2002 to audit officials and others interested in government auditing standards gao invites your comments on the [coming with] proposed changes to government auditing standards ( gagas ) , commonly known as the `` yellow book . ''

The term `` financial statement '' refers to a presentation of financial data , including accompanying notes , derived from accounting records and intended to communicate an entity 's economic resources or obligations at a point in time or the changes therein for a period of time in conformity with an identifiable framework , such as generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) or an other comprehensive basis of accounting ( OCBOA ) .
the term `` financial statement '' refers to a presentation of financial data , including [coming with] notes , derived from accounting records and intended to communicate an entity 's economic resources or obligations at a point in time or the changes therein for a period of time in conformity with an identifiable framework , such as generally accepted accounting principles ( gaap ) or an other comprehensive basis of accounting ( ocboa ) .

Our review of both the interim and final rules and accompanying documentation suggests that appropriate consideration was given to this Executive Order .
our review of both the interim and final rules and [coming with] documentation suggests that appropriate consideration was given to this executive order .

In addition , see the accompanying 21 reports ( numbered GAO-01-242 through GAO-01-262 ) on specific agencies .
in addition , see the [coming with] 21 reports ( numbered gao-01-242 through gao-01-262 ) on specific agencies .

Statutory authorization for the rule HUD promulgated these amendments to Regulation X and accompanying Statements of Policy under the authority in section 19 of RESPA , 12 U.S.C .
statutory authorization for the rule hud promulgated these amendments to regulation x and [coming with] statements of policy under the authority in section 19 of respa , 12 u.s.c .

Executive Order 12866 OMB reviewed the Amendments to Regulation X and accompanying Statements of Policy under Executive Order 12866 as a `` significant regulatory action . ''
executive order 12866 omb reviewed the amendments to regulation x and [coming with] statements of policy under executive order 12866 as a `` significant regulatory action . ''

The McCollum-Stenholm bill , on which the 1996 appropriations were based , did not address the presence requirement , and the statement accompanying the introduction of that bill noted only that the bill incorporated the provisions from IRCA into the existing appropriation 's provisions on representation of certain aliens .
the mccollum-stenholm bill , on which the 1996 appropriations were based , did not address the presence requirement , and the statement [coming with] the introduction of that bill noted only that the bill incorporated the provisions from irca into the existing appropriation 's provisions on representation of certain aliens .

EMSL-Cincinnati hopes to release EPAcertified solutions of cadmium and copper , with accompanying toxicity data for the recommended test species , for use as reference toxicants through cooperative research and development agreements with commercial suppliers , and will continue to develop additional reference toxicants for future release .
emsl-cincinnati hopes to release epacertified solutions of cadmium and copper , with [coming with] toxicity data for the recommended test species , for use as reference toxicants through cooperative research and development agreements with commercial suppliers , and will continue to develop additional reference toxicants for future release .

As more environmental data become available and science improves , we are observing some environmental improvement accompanying the downward trend in emissions .
as more environmental data become available and science improves , we are observing some environmental improvement [coming with] the downward trend in emissions .

She stayed with him in Florida for ten days , even accompanying him to a flight training session .
she stayed with him in florida for ten days , even [coming with] him to a flight training session .

See CIA memo , `` CTC Briefing for the Attorney General on the Usama Bin Ladin Terrorist Threat , '' July 5 , 2001 , and the accompanying CIA briefing materials , '' DCI Update Terrorist Threat Review , '' July 3 , 2001 .
see cia memo , `` ctc briefing for the attorney general on the usama bin ladin terrorist threat , '' july 5 , 2001 , and the [coming with] cia briefing materials , '' dci update terrorist threat review , '' july 3 , 2001 .

This recommendation , and measures to assist the Bureau in developing its intelligence cadre , are included in the report accompanying the Commerce , Justice and State Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2005 , passed by the House of Representatives on July 7 , 2004 .
this recommendation , and measures to assist the bureau in developing its intelligence cadre , are included in the report [coming with] the commerce , justice and state appropriations act for fiscal year 2005 , passed by the house of representatives on july 7 , 2004 .

The result , amid all the changes accompanying the transition , was significant continuity in counterterrorism policy .
the result , amid all the changes [coming with] the transition , was significant continuity in counterterrorism policy .

For Senguen accompanying Jarrah to flight training , see German BKA report , investigative summary re Jarrah , July 18,2002 , p. 60 .
for senguen [coming with] jarrah to flight training , see german bka report , investigative summary re jarrah , july 18,2002 , p. 60 .

Thus , the sequence of gene expression accompanying formation of IPCs from NSs was similar but not identical to that described for differentiating pancreatic β-cells , and further molecular studies are required to determine the degree of endoderm-like differentiation of cells in IPCs .
thus , the sequence of gene expression [coming with] formation of ipcs from nss was similar but not identical to that described for differentiating pancreatic β-cells , and further molecular studies are required to determine the degree of endoderm-like differentiation of cells in ipcs .

In an accompanying Perspective ( DOI : 10.1371/journal.pmed.0020131 ) , Fiona Turnbull from the George Institute for International Health says that physicians need to move away from making treatment decisions based on single risk factors and instead use an approach based on absolute risk .
in an [coming with] perspective ( doi : 10.1371/journal.pmed.0020131 ) , fiona turnbull from the george institute for international health says that physicians need to move away from making treatment decisions based on single risk factors and instead use an approach based on absolute risk .

In an accompanying Perspective discussing this new tool ( DOI : 10.1371/journal.pmed.0020214 ) , Zvi Bentwich argues that before it is ready for widespread use , several issues still need to be resolved , such as its final cost and its applicability to pediatric patients .
in an [coming with] perspective discussing this new tool ( doi : 10.1371/journal.pmed.0020214 ) , zvi bentwich argues that before it is ready for widespread use , several issues still need to be resolved , such as its final cost and its applicability to pediatric patients .

We might find there are other things declining as well as sea ice , such as their food , or there might be a change in the fertilization of the waters. ” Accompanying the drop in krill abundance , Atkinson and Siegel found an increase in salps , transparent jelly-like creatures that typically inhabit warmer waters than krill .
we might find there are other things declining as well as sea ice , such as their food , or there might be a change in the fertilization of the waters. ” [coming with] the drop in krill abundance , atkinson and siegel found an increase in salps , transparent jelly-like creatures that typically inhabit warmer waters than krill .

These structures determine cell shape and also produce the driving force accompanying many types of cellular movements including muscle contraction and cell division .
these structures determine cell shape and also produce the driving force [coming with] many types of cellular movements including muscle contraction and cell division .

Furthermore , we compared the lung lymphocyte CCR5 and CXCR3 profiles among the eight participants with emphysema alone ( lung volume reduction surgery for emphysema ; non-cancer ) and ten participants with emphysema and accompanying cancer ( lung resection for treatment of small peripheral cancer ) , and found that these two groups can not be distinguished based on these indices ( Figure 1D ; data not shown ) .
furthermore , we compared the lung lymphocyte ccr5 and cxcr3 profiles among the eight participants with emphysema alone ( lung volume reduction surgery for emphysema ; non-cancer ) and ten participants with emphysema and [coming with] cancer ( lung resection for treatment of small peripheral cancer ) , and found that these two groups can not be distinguished based on these indices ( figure 1d ; data not shown ) .

The problems with such a study are outlined in an accompanying Perspective ( DOI : 10.1371/journal.pmed.002018 ) by Meir Stampfer from Harvard School of Public Health , and there is no doubt that these results seem counterintuitive .
the problems with such a study are outlined in an [coming with] perspective ( doi : 10.1371/journal.pmed.002018 ) by meir stampfer from harvard school of public health , and there is no doubt that these results seem counterintuitive .

In an accompanying Perspective ( DOI : 10.1371/journal.pmed.0020180 ) , Jane Cleary-Goldman and Mary D'Alton agree that , despite the limitations of the study ( its retrospective nature , small numbers , and lack of dichorionic controls ) , it highlights a critical question for obstetricians , namely , “ when is the ideal gestational age to deliver apparently uncomplicated monochorionic twins ? ” As Cleary-Goldman and D'Alton discuss , at 32 weeks of gestation many of the risks associated with prematurity have abated , but the remaining ones are not negligible .
in an [coming with] perspective ( doi : 10.1371/journal.pmed.0020180 ) , jane cleary-goldman and mary d'alton agree that , despite the limitations of the study ( its retrospective nature , small numbers , and lack of dichorionic controls ) , it highlights a critical question for obstetricians , namely , “ when is the ideal gestational age to deliver apparently uncomplicated monochorionic twins ? ” as cleary-goldman and d'alton discuss , at 32 weeks of gestation many of the risks associated with prematurity have abated , but the remaining ones are not negligible .

As Gary Gilliland and colleagues point out in an accompanying Perspective ( DOI : 10.1371/journal.pmed.0020075 ) , the initial identification three years ago of resistance mutations against imatinib led to the rapid development of alternative kinase inhibitors that work even against tumors with the resistance mutation .
as gary gilliland and colleagues point out in an [coming with] perspective ( doi : 10.1371/journal.pmed.0020075 ) , the initial identification three years ago of resistance mutations against imatinib led to the rapid development of alternative kinase inhibitors that work even against tumors with the resistance mutation .

In very large capitals , the accompanying text reads US Pull Out !
in very large capitals , the [coming with] text reads us pull out !

He and Marcel are accompanying a Zimbabwean uncle , Mr. Sithole 's cousin Plainfield , and Plainfield 's lover , the pretender to the throne of Oman .
he and marcel are [coming with] a zimbabwean uncle , mr. sithole 's cousin plainfield , and plainfield 's lover , the pretender to the throne of oman .

The LAT cites as his principal accomplishments , a downtown building boom , the 1984 Olympics success , creating coalitions between blacks and Jews and labor and management , with an accompanying racial peace lasting most of his tenure , and establishing civilian control over the LAPD .
the lat cites as his principal accomplishments , a downtown building boom , the 1984 olympics success , creating coalitions between blacks and jews and labor and management , with an [coming with] racial peace lasting most of his tenure , and establishing civilian control over the lapd .

There , accompanying a story about politicians speaking their minds about other countries , you 'll find a looming picture of Al Gore , cropped so close that none of his hair is visible and you can see the sweat that 's bubbling out of every giant pore in his face .
there , [coming with] a story about politicians speaking their minds about other countries , you 'll find a looming picture of al gore , cropped so close that none of his hair is visible and you can see the sweat that 's bubbling out of every giant pore in his face .

The LAT front features a big picture and accompanying story about yesterday 's 600,000-strong nationwide protest in Russia calling for Boris Yeltsin to quit .
the lat front features a big picture and [coming with] story about yesterday 's 600,000-strong nationwide protest in russia calling for boris yeltsin to quit .

An accompanying article paints Mayor Guiliani , a former ally of the chancellor , as the man behind his dismissal .
an [coming with] article paints mayor guiliani , a former ally of the chancellor , as the man behind his dismissal .

What made Bradley 's response on this point especially devastating was his accompanying hand gesture , undoubtedly unconscious but perilously close to the universal symbol for `` pull it a little harder . ''
what made bradley 's response on this point especially devastating was his [coming with] hand gesture , undoubtedly unconscious but perilously close to the universal symbol for `` pull it a little harder . ''

An accompanying chart shows that 30 percent of fourth- and eighth-graders met the goals panel 's performance standard in reading in 1996 , only one statistically insignificant percentage point greater than in 1992 ; for 12 th -graders , the 36 percent who met the performance standard was four percentage points less than in 1992 .
an [coming with] chart shows that 30 percent of fourth- and eighth-graders met the goals panel 's performance standard in reading in 1996 , only one statistically insignificant percentage point greater than in 1992 ; for 12 th -graders , the 36 percent who met the performance standard was four percentage points less than in 1992 .

Imus is hailed as the champion `` ringmaster '' of the new news : The accompanying profile -- like every profile of Imus -- applauds his sense of the absurd and his ability to bully the famous into speaking truthfully but worries about his crudeness and his temper .
imus is hailed as the champion `` ringmaster '' of the new news : the [coming with] profile -- like every profile of imus -- applauds his sense of the absurd and his ability to bully the famous into speaking truthfully but worries about his crudeness and his temper .

In a long accompanying profile , Starr says he is the `` tortoise '' to Clinton 's `` hare . ''
in a long [coming with] profile , starr says he is the `` tortoise '' to clinton 's `` hare . ''

Accompanying articles explore other Masada-related confusions : Josephus ' text is ambiguous about where the martyrs actually fell , and the site itself was probably a center of political administration rather than a civilian refuge .
[coming with] articles explore other masada-related confusions : josephus ' text is ambiguous about where the martyrs actually fell , and the site itself was probably a center of political administration rather than a civilian refuge .

The accompanying videotape used close-up shots and slow pans of the not-entirely cluttered stoop ; the camera lingered over the flickering flames of memorial candles and the droplets of water clinging to the flower petals .
the [coming with] videotape used close-up shots and slow pans of the not-entirely cluttered stoop ; the camera lingered over the flickering flames of memorial candles and the droplets of water clinging to the flower petals .

While the 2000 campaign will be the first presidential contest in which the Web plays a significant role , it is unclear how profound that role will be ( see Jacob Weisberg 's accompanying piece , `` '' ) .
while the 2000 campaign will be the first presidential contest in which the web plays a significant role , it is unclear how profound that role will be ( see jacob weisberg 's [coming with] piece , `` '' ) .

His speech and accompanying interviews stressed his independence from Bill Clinton .
his speech and [coming with] interviews stressed his independence from bill clinton .

A photo accompanying an article in the July-August issue shows a letter carrier holding a parcel that is smoking , presumably another danger sign .
a photo [coming with] an article in the july-august issue shows a letter carrier holding a parcel that is smoking , presumably another danger sign .

Which of these recent headlines and its accompanying lead is an actual news story , and which is my way to give you a few moments of amusement and some pointed social commentary because I like you and just want you to be happy ?
which of these recent headlines and its [coming with] lead is an actual news story , and which is my way to give you a few moments of amusement and some pointed social commentary because i like you and just want you to be happy ?

The law banned `` negroes , mulatto 's and Indians intermarrying with English , or other white women , [ and ] their unlawfull accompanying with one another . ''
the law banned `` negroes , mulatto 's and indians intermarrying with english , or other white women , [ and ] their unlawfull [coming with] with one another . ''

An accompanying illustration pictures Hillary taking the oath of office for the presidency while Bill watches in the background .
an [coming with] illustration pictures hillary taking the oath of office for the presidency while bill watches in the background .

An accompanying poll found that six in 10 Americans wished him to remain in exile from public life .
an [coming with] poll found that six in 10 americans wished him to remain in exile from public life .

The accompanying editorial called it `` small . ''
the [coming with] editorial called it `` small . ''

Everybody fronts ( with accompanying photos ) Elizabeth Dole 's announcment yesterday that she was abandoning her presidential campaign .
everybody fronts ( with [coming with] photos ) elizabeth dole 's announcment yesterday that she was abandoning her presidential campaign .

Anybody with a fundamental understanding of finance can tell you that return analysis in the absence of accompanying risk analysis is incomplete .
anybody with a fundamental understanding of finance can tell you that return analysis in the absence of [coming with] risk analysis is incomplete .

The accompanying `` It 's your money '' slogan , while unconvincing to both voters and pundits , is fundamentally true .
the [coming with] `` it 's your money '' slogan , while unconvincing to both voters and pundits , is fundamentally true .

The accompanying illustration , combined with the overall tone of the article , demonstrates a petty insensitivity to the emotional anguish of aging .
the [coming with] illustration , combined with the overall tone of the article , demonstrates a petty insensitivity to the emotional anguish of aging .

An accompanying essay supports hate-crime legislation , claiming that `` [ t ] here needs to be a defense against the defense that 'homophobia made me do it . '
an [coming with] essay supports hate-crime legislation , claiming that `` [ t ] here needs to be a defense against the defense that 'homophobia made me do it . '

An accompanying story reveals how to get what you want in a job .
an [coming with] story reveals how to get what you want in a job .

An accompanying article traces the evolving debate among historians , several of whom proclaimed Jefferson 's purity and must now admit to grave error .
an [coming with] article traces the evolving debate among historians , several of whom proclaimed jefferson 's purity and must now admit to grave error .

An accompanying story exposes how Outback Steakhouse coerced employees to contribute to Outback 's PAC .
an [coming with] story exposes how outback steakhouse coerced employees to contribute to outback 's pac .

Accompanying pieces emphasize the closeness of races -- voter turnout will be the key deciding factor .
[coming with] pieces emphasize the closeness of races -- voter turnout will be the key deciding factor .

Accompanying short pieces reveal status symbols for various cliques .
[coming with] short pieces reveal status symbols for various cliques .

An accompanying piece grades the `` multiple intelligences '' movement .
an [coming with] piece grades the `` multiple intelligences '' movement .

Some readers wondered why Chatterbox made such a big deal about the delayed release of the UC systemwide figures , since the figures for each of the eight individual UC campuses were available earlier , and indeed were printed on the back page of the New York Times in a chart accompanying the April 1 story about the grim Berkeley and UCLA results .
some readers wondered why chatterbox made such a big deal about the delayed release of the uc systemwide figures , since the figures for each of the eight individual uc campuses were available earlier , and indeed were printed on the back page of the new york times in a chart [coming with] the april 1 story about the grim berkeley and ucla results .

False , because as a graphic accompanying the story indicates , Asians have the highest math SATs and the second-highest verbal .
false , because as a graphic [coming with] the story indicates , asians have the highest math sats and the second-highest verbal .

Today 's Papers urges readers to always note the credit line accompanying an Op-Ed .
today 's papers urges readers to always note the credit line [coming with] an op-ed .

An accompanying piece says Republicans no longer own a monopoly on pro-lifers .
an [coming with] piece says republicans no longer own a monopoly on pro-lifers .

An accompanying piece introduces us to `` Real-Life ER Beauties '' : Julianna Margulies and George Clooney have nothing on these hot docs , contends the article .
an [coming with] piece introduces us to `` real-life er beauties '' : julianna margulies and george clooney have nothing on these hot docs , contends the article .

An accompanying piece says schools waste huge amounts of time indoctrinating students about tobacco 's evils .
an [coming with] piece says schools waste huge amounts of time indoctrinating students about tobacco 's evils .

An accompanying essay predicts that this scandal will cause several changes in the future , among them , a reduction in the power of the independent counsel and more restraint on the part of the press .
an [coming with] essay predicts that this scandal will cause several changes in the future , among them , a reduction in the power of the independent counsel and more restraint on the part of the press .

An essay accompanying the year-end photo roundup labels this the `` Show Us You Care '' year , mocking the outpourings of feeling at Di 's funeral , at the Promise Keepers rally , and on countless talk shows .
an essay [coming with] the year-end photo roundup labels this the `` show us you care '' year , mocking the outpourings of feeling at di 's funeral , at the promise keepers rally , and on countless talk shows .

An accompanying piece lauds several `` unspoiled hideaways '' -- which will now undoubtedly be swamped with tourists .
an [coming with] piece lauds several `` unspoiled hideaways '' -- which will now undoubtedly be swamped with tourists .

An accompanying story identifies a new hospital job : `` hospitalist . ''
an [coming with] story identifies a new hospital job : `` hospitalist . ''

New York 's David Denby joins in the general celebration of the film Kolya and its accompanying Czechophilia : `` The movie speaks quietly , in the chamber-music tones of ... [ a ] Dvorak quartet . ''
new york 's david denby joins in the general celebration of the film kolya and its [coming with] czechophilia : `` the movie speaks quietly , in the chamber-music tones of ... [ a ] dvorak quartet . ''

An accompanying story covers the case of a pharmaceuticals CEO with a long and slimy history of harassing subordinates .
an [coming with] story covers the case of a pharmaceuticals ceo with a long and slimy history of harassing subordinates .

An accompanying essay argues that the Chinese military lacks the strength and training to compete with the American one .
an [coming with] essay argues that the chinese military lacks the strength and training to compete with the american one .

Accompanying article says she 's finally learning to express her deepest emotions in public .
[coming with] article says she 's finally learning to express her deepest emotions in public .

An accompanying review raves about Amistad ( though the magazine inexplicably calls it `` controversial '' ) .
an [coming with] review raves about amistad ( though the magazine inexplicably calls it `` controversial '' ) .

Director James Cameron contributes a short defense of his movie , but an accompanying review pans it : great special effects , hackneyed story .
director james cameron contributes a short defense of his movie , but an [coming with] review pans it : great special effects , hackneyed story .

An accompanying article profiles Boston 's Community Medical Alliance , a small HMO that stresses prevention over treatment and which even makes house calls .
an [coming with] article profiles boston 's community medical alliance , a small hmo that stresses prevention over treatment and which even makes house calls .

An accompanying piece doubts we will see another hoopster like Jordan -- his dedication to his team and to improving his game is unmatched by today 's young players .
an [coming with] piece doubts we will see another hoopster like jordan -- his dedication to his team and to improving his game is unmatched by today 's young players .

Two accompanying articles argue that the boom will continue ( because unemployment and inflation remain low ) or will not ( because price-to-earnings ratios are too high ) .
two [coming with] articles argue that the boom will continue ( because unemployment and inflation remain low ) or will not ( because price-to-earnings ratios are too high ) .

An accompanying poll finds that 48 percent of respondents think the Clintons ' relationship is `` a practical business and political relationship , '' while 18 percent deem it `` a loving marriage that has troubles . ''
an [coming with] poll finds that 48 percent of respondents think the clintons ' relationship is `` a practical business and political relationship , '' while 18 percent deem it `` a loving marriage that has troubles . ''

The story , with accompanying analyses , leads at all three papers .
the story , with [coming with] analyses , leads at all three papers .

Changes to be announced shortly `` are not expected to alter the key part , where the demon is ordered to leave the person , but to shorten the accompanying prayers and invocations . ''
changes to be announced shortly `` are not expected to alter the key part , where the demon is ordered to leave the person , but to shorten the [coming with] prayers and invocations . ''

Closer inspection of the illustration accompanying the piece , purporting to be of Clinton 's schedule for one week in June 1996 , reveals that it is deeply deceptive .
closer inspection of the illustration [coming with] the piece , purporting to be of clinton 's schedule for one week in june 1996 , reveals that it is deeply deceptive .

Something this powerful is needed for all greenhouse gases , since as a chart accompanying the piece points out , the U.S. is the world 's biggest CO2 emitter , producing almost twice as much as China , and at a per capita 10 times greater .
something this powerful is needed for all greenhouse gases , since as a chart [coming with] the piece points out , the u.s. is the world 's biggest co2 emitter , producing almost twice as much as china , and at a per capita 10 times greater .

At the New York Times the lead is the U.S. 's possible shift to endorsing a land mine ban , while at the Los Angeles Times , it 's a new study about the impact of immigration on the California economy and what to do about it -- on a front page dominated by a backstage picture and the accompanying headline `` '3rd Rock , ' 'Seinfeld ' Stars Win Emmys . ''
at the new york times the lead is the u.s. 's possible shift to endorsing a land mine ban , while at the los angeles times , it 's a new study about the impact of immigration on the california economy and what to do about it -- on a front page dominated by a backstage picture and the [coming with] headline `` '3rd rock , ' 'seinfeld ' stars win emmys . ''

In the filigree figures accompanying transitional passages in the first movement , or the dialogue with the French horns near the end of the same movement , it 's close to a revelation .
in the filigree figures [coming with] transitional passages in the first movement , or the dialogue with the french horns near the end of the same movement , it 's close to a revelation .

An accompanying editorial argued that the Dutch experience should alleviate fears that legalizing assisted suicide would lead to `` widespread involuntary euthanasia '' performed on society 's weakest members .
an [coming with] editorial argued that the dutch experience should alleviate fears that legalizing assisted suicide would lead to `` widespread involuntary euthanasia '' performed on society 's weakest members .

The accompanying photograph reinforces the squeaky-clean image -- the picture might have been the only one available , or one of a small handful , but it strikes a note that will carry through the spot : Harmon is always well-dressed , and he is always smiling .
the [coming with] photograph reinforces the squeaky-clean image -- the picture might have been the only one available , or one of a small handful , but it strikes a note that will carry through the spot : harmon is always well-dressed , and he is always smiling .

Hughes ' book and an accompanying TV series appeared this spring , and while both were met with enthusiastic reviews , a couple of critics noted that Hughes , the art critic for Time magazine , provided neither footnotes nor a bibliography , and made scant mention of colleagues ' work .
hughes ' book and an [coming with] tv series appeared this spring , and while both were met with enthusiastic reviews , a couple of critics noted that hughes , the art critic for time magazine , provided neither footnotes nor a bibliography , and made scant mention of colleagues ' work .

In an accompanying essay , Dawkins suggests cloning could in fact be fun : `` Would n't you love to be cloned ? ''
in an [coming with] essay , dawkins suggests cloning could in fact be fun : `` would n't you love to be cloned ? ''

Indiana University Press is publishing The Art of Desire : Erotic Treasures From the Kinsey Institute , an exhibition catalog accompanying the first survey of the erotica collected by the institute over the past 50 years .
indiana university press is publishing the art of desire : erotic treasures from the kinsey institute , an exhibition catalog [coming with] the first survey of the erotica collected by the institute over the past 50 years .

In an accompanying editorial , the ASSAnine.org editors said the author 's views , `` while offensive to some , deserve the utmost in thoughtful discussion '' and announced that the next nine issues of the publication would be devoted entirely to debating Charles ' thesis .
in an [coming with] editorial , the assanine.org editors said the author 's views , `` while offensive to some , deserve the utmost in thoughtful discussion '' and announced that the next nine issues of the publication would be devoted entirely to debating charles ' thesis .

Accompanying articles describe three Chinese towns : One town is decrepit , polluted , and filled with idle , state-owned factories ; one is experimenting with private farming and local democracy ; one is bustling with capitalism .
[coming with] articles describe three chinese towns : one town is decrepit , polluted , and filled with idle , state-owned factories ; one is experimenting with private farming and local democracy ; one is bustling with capitalism .

An accompanying article makes fun of several '60s do-gooders who 've been arrested in recent weeks for crimes of greed .
an [coming with] article makes fun of several '60s do-gooders who 've been arrested in recent weeks for crimes of greed .

An accompanying article describes a rich Chicago high school where pot is epidemic and parents are confused ; one girl moved into her own apartment `` after her parents forbade her to smoke marijuana at home . ''
an [coming with] article describes a rich chicago high school where pot is epidemic and parents are confused ; one girl moved into her own apartment `` after her parents forbade her to smoke marijuana at home . ''

An accompanying piece says consumer awareness is improving HMOs .
an [coming with] piece says consumer awareness is improving hmos .

An accompanying column frets that we are embarrassing ourselves by dumping the worst of American culture ( `` Rambo-esque violence and Disney-esque sentimentality '' ) on foreign markets that enjoy having negative American stereotypes confirmed .
an [coming with] column frets that we are embarrassing ourselves by dumping the worst of american culture ( `` rambo-esque violence and disney-esque sentimentality '' ) on foreign markets that enjoy having negative american stereotypes confirmed .

One accompanying article says that students who apply for early admission have a better chance of being accepted .
one [coming with] article says that students who apply for early admission have a better chance of being accepted .

Today 's big donors are more hands-on than their predecessors , an accompanying article says .
today 's big donors are more hands-on than their predecessors , an [coming with] article says .

The accompanying editorial scoffs at the Amendment claim that campaign spending is speech ( `` ridiculous '' ) and suggests that the United States ban political television ads .
the [coming with] editorial scoffs at the amendment claim that campaign spending is speech ( `` ridiculous '' ) and suggests that the united states ban political television ads .

According to the graphic accompanying the NYT story , the biggest increase seen in the most recent data is for melanoma of the skin , yet this type of cancer is n't mentioned at all in the Times story proper .
according to the graphic [coming with] the nyt story , the biggest increase seen in the most recent data is for melanoma of the skin , yet this type of cancer is n't mentioned at all in the times story proper .

According to the Wall Street Journal , Jesse Jackson , who is accompanying President Clinton on his African trip in his role as special envoy to Africa , may have found his niche .
according to the wall street journal , jesse jackson , who is [coming with] president clinton on his african trip in his role as special envoy to africa , may have found his niche .

The accompanying picture of Clinton has to be the least attractive one of him ever published : Eyes hooded , JFK-style , talking out of one side of his mouth .
the [coming with] picture of clinton has to be the least attractive one of him ever published : eyes hooded , jfk-style , talking out of one side of his mouth .

I like the entries on countries in Africa and the Black Diaspora and the accompanying `` ready references '' summarizing demographic and economic data about those countries .
i like the entries on countries in africa and the black diaspora and the [coming with] `` ready references '' summarizing demographic and economic data about those countries .

The photo accompanying the piece looked good , though .
the photo [coming with] the piece looked good , though .

Axel von dem Bussche reeled in shock from a mass execution of Jews in the Ukraine ; Peter Yorck von Wartenburg stated at his treason trial in 1944 that the escalation of anti-Semitism into genocide was the single cause of his `` inner break '' with Nazism ( a claim that gained him nothing before a Nazi court ) ; and Tresckow understood the genocidal implications of the orders accompanying plans for the Russian invasion .
axel von dem bussche reeled in shock from a mass execution of jews in the ukraine ; peter yorck von wartenburg stated at his treason trial in 1944 that the escalation of anti-semitism into genocide was the single cause of his `` inner break '' with nazism ( a claim that gained him nothing before a nazi court ) ; and tresckow understood the genocidal implications of the orders [coming with] plans for the russian invasion .

Indeed , Hochschild calls attention to a psychological reversal accompanying the cultural reversal : We used to feel immature at work and independent at home .
indeed , hochschild calls attention to a psychological reversal [coming with] the cultural reversal : we used to feel immature at work and independent at home .

Both stories mention that progestin also reduces the risk of uterine cancer , which prompts a suggestion : It would be helpful if the papers would get in the habit of accompanying stories about the particular potential cancer risk of a given substance with a graphic summarizing all its known cancer plusses and minuses .
both stories mention that progestin also reduces the risk of uterine cancer , which prompts a suggestion : it would be helpful if the papers would get in the habit of [coming with] stories about the particular potential cancer risk of a given substance with a graphic summarizing all its known cancer plusses and minuses .

An accompanying NEJM editorial forcefully emphasized the safety importance of adequate sleep .
an [coming with] nejm editorial forcefully emphasized the safety importance of adequate sleep .

In Dell 's case , it 's clearly the ownership , not the accompanying financial reward , that has really mattered .
in dell 's case , it 's clearly the ownership , not the [coming with] financial reward , that has really mattered .

The accompanying patter goes like this : Families do not allow one member to prosper while another struggles ; ergo , we need something like a bigger welfare system or a more progressive tax code .
the [coming with] patter goes like this : families do not allow one member to prosper while another struggles ; ergo , we need something like a bigger welfare system or a more progressive tax code .

The accompanying photo is just as striking and informal : It depicts Olney , dishcloth tucked into the waistband of his jeans , shelling peas in his Provence kitchen .
the [coming with] photo is just as striking and informal : it depicts olney , dishcloth tucked into the waistband of his jeans , shelling peas in his provence kitchen .

An accompanying time line illustrates women 's progress , beginning with a 12 th -century German nun and ending with Purdue University 's 1999 women 's basketball team .
an [coming with] time line illustrates women 's progress , beginning with a 12 th -century german nun and ending with purdue university 's 1999 women 's basketball team .

In an accompanying front-page comment , the paper said : `` Typically German .
in an [coming with] front-page comment , the paper said : `` typically german .

I know all this because I have spent the past week listening to Prepare To Win , a program of audiotapes and accompanying `` workbooks '' ( I 'm not kidding ) from the Republican National Committee -- four hours , 28 speakers ( senators , House members , etc .
i know all this because i have spent the past week listening to prepare to win , a program of audiotapes and [coming with] `` workbooks '' ( i 'm not kidding ) from the republican national committee -- four hours , 28 speakers ( senators , house members , etc .

American Lawyer 's famous exposés of top lawyers ' salaries , Brill 's indignant editorials about overlavish summer intern programs ( accompanying complex charts that compared the number of opera tickets and restaurant dinners offered by various firms ) ... all had the natural effect of increasing the excesses he complained about .
american lawyer 's famous exposés of top lawyers ' salaries , brill 's indignant editorials about overlavish summer intern programs ( [coming with] complex charts that compared the number of opera tickets and restaurant dinners offered by various firms ) ... all had the natural effect of increasing the excesses he complained about .

Plain Language also uses the active voice -- although a White House press release accompanying the president 's memorandum notes that the Plain Language Initiative , which now forms a part of Al Gore 's `` Reinventing Government '' program , `` was developed [ oops ! ]
plain language also uses the active voice -- although a white house press release [coming with] the president 's memorandum notes that the plain language initiative , which now forms a part of al gore 's `` reinventing government '' program , `` was developed [ oops ! ]

A NYT front-pager warns that the social ill effects of fearing the Y2K problem -- such as bank runs , hoarding of food and gas , fires caused by newly acquired wood stoves and a rise in gun violence accompanying the upsurge in gun sales to those fearing post-millennial-bug civil unrest -- could end up being much worse than any pure outcome of the problem itself , especially since the actual problem is being attacked with billions of dollars of remediation .
a nyt front-pager warns that the social ill effects of fearing the y2k problem -- such as bank runs , hoarding of food and gas , fires caused by newly acquired wood stoves and a rise in gun violence [coming with] the upsurge in gun sales to those fearing post-millennial-bug civil unrest -- could end up being much worse than any pure outcome of the problem itself , especially since the actual problem is being attacked with billions of dollars of remediation .

An accompanying WP front-pager explores the disillusionment of GOP voters with their party ; libertarians especially are disaffected by the rabid pursuit of impeachment .
an [coming with] wp front-pager explores the disillusionment of gop voters with their party ; libertarians especially are disaffected by the rabid pursuit of impeachment .

Although the NYT text mentions that both U.S. and Cubans were killed in the fighting , the caption under an accompanying picture inside only mentions the Cuban deaths .
although the nyt text mentions that both u.s. and cubans were killed in the fighting , the caption under an [coming with] picture inside only mentions the cuban deaths .

As a reference work on usage , it is far from complete : The Simon and Schuster Publicity Department could have used an entry on foreword/ forward ( spelt “ foreward ” in the release accompanying the review copy ) .
as a reference work on usage , it is far from complete : the simon and schuster publicity department could have used an entry on foreword/ forward ( spelt “ foreward ” in the release [coming with] the review copy ) .

A majority of the names still work today , though Block , Chip , Dip , and Grits might well be opaque to modern children or taken in a different sense without the accompanying illustration .
a majority of the names still work today , though block , chip , dip , and grits might well be opaque to modern children or taken in a different sense without the [coming with] illustration .

The Franklin Language Master , a ¥199.95 , hand-held , electronic dictionary , offered in a mail-order catalogue accompanying The Sunday Times [ London ] of 8 January 1989 , is illustrated by a photograph of the device with the following display :
the franklin language master , a ¥199.95 , hand-held , electronic dictionary , offered in a mail-order catalogue [coming with] the sunday times [ london ] of 8 january 1989 , is illustrated by a photograph of the device with the following display :

Minsky 's at the Hilton , Regent 's Park , Lodge Road , NW8 ( 01-722-7722 ) The Franklin Language Master , a ¥199.95 , hand-held , electronic dictionary , offered in a mail-order catalogue accompanying The Sunday Times [ London ] of 8 January 1989 , is illustrated by a photograph of the device with the following display :
minsky 's at the hilton , regent 's park , lodge road , nw8 ( 01-722-7722 ) the franklin language master , a ¥199.95 , hand-held , electronic dictionary , offered in a mail-order catalogue [coming with] the sunday times [ london ] of 8 january 1989 , is illustrated by a photograph of the device with the following display :

As one who has prepared indexes of great variety , I recognize the many problems that one can encounter ; still , these are not insurmountable , and there is no excuse for producing a work of some complexity without accompanying it by a thorough index .
as one who has prepared indexes of great variety , i recognize the many problems that one can encounter ; still , these are not insurmountable , and there is no excuse for producing a work of some complexity without [coming with] it by a thorough index .

Probably the greatest offenders were those who produced the earlier manuals accompanying computers and software : many of us had the experience of reading through a manual the first time only to find , later , on seeking the format of a certain command , that there was no index , that the index had not been updated to conform to the latest ( looseleaf ) version of the text , or that the item sought was not listed ; the only solution was to go through the entire text , laboriously turning each page to find the lost information .
probably the greatest offenders were those who produced the earlier manuals [coming with] computers and software : many of us had the experience of reading through a manual the first time only to find , later , on seeking the format of a certain command , that there was no index , that the index had not been updated to conform to the latest ( looseleaf ) version of the text , or that the item sought was not listed ; the only solution was to go through the entire text , laboriously turning each page to find the lost information .

New hardware or software , which the marketers have trumpeted as leading-edge technology , is called bleeding-edge technology by those who have experienced the many problems accompanying new products .
new hardware or software , which the marketers have trumpeted as leading-edge technology , is called bleeding-edge technology by those who have experienced the many problems [coming with] new products .

As far as grammar is concerned , the simplistic syntax and the exceptional preponderance of nouns and verbs ( with an accompanying heavy reliance on conversion ) are obvious and enduring .
as far as grammar is concerned , the simplistic syntax and the exceptional preponderance of nouns and verbs ( with an [coming with] heavy reliance on conversion ) are obvious and enduring .

The bumper sticker in the accompanying photo uses a proper verb to reflect that prevalent Pacific Northwest opinion concerning their new , ex-California neighbors .
the bumper sticker in the [coming with] photo uses a proper verb to reflect that prevalent pacific northwest opinion concerning their new , ex-california neighbors .

In some cases , an accompanying illustration displays the alphabets available ; for example , the Alaph [ sic ] Beth Font Kit includes Aramaic ( Fourth , Sixth , Eighth , and Ninth century fonts ) , Assyrian/Babylonian , Coptic , Cuneiform ( Ras Shamra and Ugaritic ) , Hieroglyphics ( +850 ) , North Semitic , Phoenician , Sabæan , and Syriac ( Estrangelo , Serto , and Eastern scripts ) .
in some cases , an [coming with] illustration displays the alphabets available ; for example , the alaph [ sic ] beth font kit includes aramaic ( fourth , sixth , eighth , and ninth century fonts ) , assyrian/babylonian , coptic , cuneiform ( ras shamra and ugaritic ) , hieroglyphics ( +850 ) , north semitic , phoenician , sabæan , and syriac ( estrangelo , serto , and eastern scripts ) .

Anyone who has fumingly , frustratedly tolerated the confusions , inaccuracies , incompletenesses , illiteracies , and genera ; inabilities of manual-writers to describe the accompanying programs will be relieved and delighted to encounter the simple , straightforward presentation of information in this book , which is an essential for any individual , company , or educational institution that has occasion to deal with foreign languages and their alphabets .
anyone who has fumingly , frustratedly tolerated the confusions , inaccuracies , incompletenesses , illiteracies , and genera ; inabilities of manual-writers to describe the [coming with] programs will be relieved and delighted to encounter the simple , straightforward presentation of information in this book , which is an essential for any individual , company , or educational institution that has occasion to deal with foreign languages and their alphabets .

With regard to the first , it must be noted that without specifying where an item is enclosed , it would usually be construed as accompanying the message , hence I should agree that enclosed herewith is redundant .
with regard to the first , it must be noted that without specifying where an item is enclosed , it would usually be construed as [coming with] the message , hence i should agree that enclosed herewith is redundant .

Although the jacket copy is appropriately dignified , twenty lashes to whoever wrote the release accompanying the book , which cites its appeal to “ trivia buffs and curiosity seekers , ” rather a down-market crowed compared to the higher echelons of literati to whom Adrian Room 's books usually appeal .
although the jacket copy is appropriately dignified , twenty lashes to whoever wrote the release [coming with] the book , which cites its appeal to “ trivia buffs and curiosity seekers , ” rather a down-market crowed compared to the higher echelons of literati to whom adrian room 's books usually appeal .

To ignore this fact is to treat the book as if it were a dictionary of headwords with no accompanying definitions or etymologies .
to ignore this fact is to treat the book as if it were a dictionary of headwords with no [coming with] definitions or etymologies .

These were some of my reflections as , more than a decade ago , I watched the evening news broadcasts and accompanying advertisements .
these were some of my reflections as , more than a decade ago , i watched the evening news broadcasts and [coming with] advertisements .

Notable is the term illustrative , used to describe the quotations accompanying the definitions : aside from their mixed success in serving to illustrate , quotations served a somewhat different purpose in the OED ( and , indeed , in their application in some other dictionaries ) : they were the source matrix from which the definitions were derived .
notable is the term illustrative , used to describe the quotations [coming with] the definitions : aside from their mixed success in serving to illustrate , quotations served a somewhat different purpose in the oed ( and , indeed , in their application in some other dictionaries ) : they were the source matrix from which the definitions were derived .

For readers of the language whose mother tongue is Hebrew , English brings an additional challenge , learning a new alef bet Alphabet with its accompanying new rules .
for readers of the language whose mother tongue is hebrew , english brings an additional challenge , learning a new alef bet alphabet with its [coming with] new rules .

Of all , neither the wrapper nor the accompanying descriptive matter tells a novice how to access the information on the disc .
of all , neither the wrapper nor the [coming with] descriptive matter tells a novice how to access the information on the disc .

As there was no accompanying article , Messrs. Mitchell and Field were not further identified , so we can assume that they are “ the ” Mr. Austin Mitchell and “ the ” Mr. Frank Field , who , of course , are known to all at the Queen Elizabeth II Conference Centre as key people involved in Challenge , or as boulevardiers famous for sporting British-made clothing and shoes .
as there was no [coming with] article , messrs. mitchell and field were not further identified , so we can assume that they are “ the ” mr. austin mitchell and “ the ” mr. frank field , who , of course , are known to all at the queen elizabeth ii conference centre as key people involved in challenge , or as boulevardiers famous for sporting british-made clothing and shoes .

