For general morale reasons and to encourage the efforts of his supply officers , when food was short for combat troops he cut the rations of his headquarters staff accordingly .
for general morale reasons and to encourage the efforts of his supply officers , when food was short for combat troops he cut the rations of his headquarters staff [so] .

Accordingly , at the Comedie last year , Jean Meyer played a sympathetic Arnolphe and drew criticism for turning the comedy into a tragedy .
[so] , at the comedie last year , jean meyer played a sympathetic arnolphe and drew criticism for turning the comedy into a tragedy .

Long before 1815 the Christian conscience was leading some to declare slavery wrong and to act accordingly .
long before 1815 the christian conscience was leading some to declare slavery wrong and to act [so] .

Accordingly Selkirk's agents ordered the settlers to move north , and by October , John Halkett had torn down both posts , floating the timber to `` the Forks '' in rafts .
[so] selkirk's agents ordered the settlers to move north , and by october , john halkett had torn down both posts , floating the timber to `` the forks '' in rafts .

Accordingly , though the practice violated the no-trading provision of the Selkirk charter which reserved all such activity in merchandise and furs to the Hudson's Bay Company , some settlers went into trade .
[so] , though the practice violated the no-trading provision of the selkirk charter which reserved all such activity in merchandise and furs to the hudson's bay company , some settlers went into trade .

For example , the unwed mothers expressed their frustration with males who did not indicate more explicitly `` what it is they really want from a girl so one can act accordingly '' .
for example , the unwed mothers expressed their frustration with males who did not indicate more explicitly `` what it is they really want from a girl so one can act [so] '' .

With all these agencies , the congressman must constantly check the political wind and trim his sails accordingly .
with all these agencies , the congressman must constantly check the political wind and trim his sails [so] .

Accordingly , they took special pains to preserve their papers as essential sources for posterity .
[so] , they took special pains to preserve their papers as essential sources for posterity .

Accordingly , it is the aim of this essay to advance a new theory of imitation ( which I shall call mimesis in order to distinguish it from earlier theories of imitation ) and a new theory of invention ( which I shall call symbol for reasons to be stated hereafter ) .
[so] , it is the aim of this essay to advance a new theory of imitation ( which i shall call mimesis in order to distinguish it from earlier theories of imitation ) and a new theory of invention ( which i shall call symbol for reasons to be stated hereafter ) .

Accordingly the request was granted , but the Elector himself , who had not been consulted by his mother , rejected the proposal and recalled his agent Schutz , whose impolitic handling of the affair had caused the Hanoverian interest to suffer and had made Oxford's dismissal more likely than ever .
[so] the request was granted , but the elector himself , who had not been consulted by his mother , rejected the proposal and recalled his agent schutz , whose impolitic handling of the affair had caused the hanoverian interest to suffer and had made oxford's dismissal more likely than ever .

Accordingly we may speak of the Platonism peculiar to Shelley's poems or the type of Stoicism present in Henley's `` Invictus '' , and we may find that describing such Platonism or such Stoicism and contrasting each with other expressions of the same attitude or mode of thought is a difficult and challenging enterprise .
[so] we may speak of the platonism peculiar to shelley's poems or the type of stoicism present in henley's `` invictus '' , and we may find that describing such platonism or such stoicism and contrasting each with other expressions of the same attitude or mode of thought is a difficult and challenging enterprise .

He had accordingly cultivated eccentricity to the point of second nature .
he had [so] cultivated eccentricity to the point of second nature .

This was accordingly done , and the plight of the grateful Mrs. Morris was much relieved as a result of the generous loan , the amount of which is not known .
this was [so] done , and the plight of the grateful mrs. morris was much relieved as a result of the generous loan , the amount of which is not known .

Malraux pretends , perhaps with a trifle too self-conscious a modesty , that his fragmentary work will accordingly `` appeal only to the curiosity of bibliophiles '' and `` to connoisseurs of what might have been '' .
malraux pretends , perhaps with a trifle too self-conscious a modesty , that his fragmentary work will [so] `` appeal only to the curiosity of bibliophiles '' and `` to connoisseurs of what might have been '' .

Accordingly , if it is not repealed by the Congress at its present session , I shall have no alternative thereafter but to direct the Secretary of Defense to disregard the section unless a court of competent jurisdiction determines otherwise .
[so] , if it is not repealed by the congress at its present session , i shall have no alternative thereafter but to direct the secretary of defense to disregard the section unless a court of competent jurisdiction determines otherwise .

Accordingly , the 1938-39 rules adopted these hours as limitations upon the operation of daytime stations .
[so] , the 1938-39 rules adopted these hours as limitations upon the operation of daytime stations .

Accordingly , the Commission has recognized that an optimum allocation pattern for one frequency does not necessarily represent the best pattern for other frequencies , and has assigned different frequencies for use by different classes of stations .
[so] , the commission has recognized that an optimum allocation pattern for one frequency does not necessarily represent the best pattern for other frequencies , and has assigned different frequencies for use by different classes of stations .

Production must be adjusted accordingly , at minimum cost and quickly .
production must be adjusted [so] , at minimum cost and quickly .

Accordingly , maturity level ratings by means of the upper portion and lower portion of the Chart , respectively , should be somewhat similar since Skeletal Age assessments are dependent upon Onsets during infancy and upon Completions during adolescence .
[so] , maturity level ratings by means of the upper portion and lower portion of the chart , respectively , should be somewhat similar since skeletal age assessments are dependent upon onsets during infancy and upon completions during adolescence .

Accordingly , girls 31 , 29 , 33 , 21 , 26 , 13 , 3 , 4 , 14 , 32 , 24 , 25 , 34 , 23 , 6 , 15 , 22 , and 16 may be said to have the `` same schedule '' at Onset and Completion .
[so] , girls 31 , 29 , 33 , 21 , 26 , 13 , 3 , 4 , 14 , 32 , 24 , 25 , 34 , 23 , 6 , 15 , 22 , and 16 may be said to have the `` same schedule '' at onset and completion .

Accordingly , if epiphyseal-diaphyseal fusion occurs in this phalanx near menarche , early and late menarches might have been forecast rather precisely at the time of Onset of ossification for the 18 girls with `` same schedule '' .
[so] , if epiphyseal-diaphyseal fusion occurs in this phalanx near menarche , early and late menarches might have been forecast rather precisely at the time of onset of ossification for the 18 girls with `` same schedule '' .

If Af are the projections associated with the primary decomposition of T , then each Af is a polynomial in T , and accordingly if a linear operator U commutes with T then U commutes with each of the Af , i.e. , each subspace Af is invariant under U .
if af are the projections associated with the primary decomposition of t , then each af is a polynomial in t , and [so] if a linear operator u commutes with t then u commutes with each of the af , i.e. , each subspace af is invariant under u .

Accordingly , the ' functions ' Af span the space of solutions of Af .
[so] , the ' functions ' af span the space of solutions of af .

Accordingly , the expanding markets for consumer goods and housing occasioned by the higher rate of household formation should enhance the general economic prospects of the Sixties .
[so] , the expanding markets for consumer goods and housing occasioned by the higher rate of household formation should enhance the general economic prospects of the sixties .

Accordingly , during the Sixties our national economy is likely to grow at as fast a rate as in the Fifties and , in the process , to require enormous amounts of capital funds .
[so] , during the sixties our national economy is likely to grow at as fast a rate as in the fifties and , in the process , to require enormous amounts of capital funds .

Accordingly , another test of the questionaire was made .
[so] , another test of the questionaire was made .

Accordingly , as `` in-group '' , they might have different opinions and practices than an `` out-group '' composed of those companies not so participating but interested in defense business .
[so] , as `` in-group '' , they might have different opinions and practices than an `` out-group '' composed of those companies not so participating but interested in defense business .

Accordingly , under clause ( 1 ) of the Secretary's Regulation , we suspended referrals to the employer .
[so] , under clause ( 1 ) of the secretary's regulation , we suspended referrals to the employer .

It accordingly refused to assume jurisdiction , whereupon the California Superior Court made the restraining order permanent .
it [so] refused to assume jurisdiction , whereupon the california superior court made the restraining order permanent .

J. Wheaton Smith , editor of the Warren Telegraph stated that `` the ends of justice must be satisfied , a solitary example must be set , in order that all those misnamed philantropists , who , actuated by a blind zeal , dare to instigate riot , treason , and murder , may heed it and shape their future course accordingly '' .
j. wheaton smith , editor of the warren telegraph stated that `` the ends of justice must be satisfied , a solitary example must be set , in order that all those misnamed philantropists , who , actuated by a blind zeal , dare to instigate riot , treason , and murder , may heed it and shape their future course [so] '' .

Achilles , like Siegfried in The Nibelungenlied , is potentially the swiftest of men and may accordingly be called swift-footed even when he stands idle .
achilles , like siegfried in the nibelungenlied , is potentially the swiftest of men and may [so] be called swift-footed even when he stands idle .

In Oxfordshire there are eleven sights but many motorists have got to know where they are and reduce their speed accordingly .
in oxfordshire there are eleven sights but many motorists have got to know where they are and reduce their speed [so] .

With little sign that the recession is lifting people are having to cut their cloth accordingly .
with little sign that the recession is lifting people are having to cut their cloth [so] .

Now that Swindon is in the premier league more of their matches will be so-called high priority and will be policed accordingly , like the match against Liverpool .
now that swindon is in the premier league more of their matches will be so-called high priority and will be policed [so] , like the match against liverpool .

This is one reason why compound feeds are more balanced , because nutritionists can regularly analyse individual ingredients accordingly , by adding a suitable vitamin/mineral premix .
this is one reason why compound feeds are more balanced , because nutritionists can regularly analyse individual ingredients [so] , by adding a suitable vitamin/mineral premix .

do n't know whether they 'd give you one , huh accordingly to that woman
do n't know whether they 'd give you one , huh [so] to that woman

if you 're under sixty accordingly to that woman
if you 're under sixty [so] to that woman

Accordingly to Trina there was a problem buying the house
[so] to trina there was a problem buying the house

Well it just looks at the the signal level coming in and adjusts the gain accordingly .
well it just looks at the the signal level coming in and adjusts the gain [so] .

‘ Accordingly we can not say the verdict is safe and satisfactory , ’ he said .
‘ [so] we can not say the verdict is safe and satisfactory , ’ he said .

The trial judge stated to the jury : ‘ Accordingly the case against the first accused depends solely upon what you find it proved that he himself did .
the trial judge stated to the jury : ‘ [so] the case against the first accused depends solely upon what you find it proved that he himself did .

’ However , when the trial judge came to deal with the case against the second appellant , the trial judge directed the jury that it would be open to them to interpret alleged statements by the second appellant as a confession by him that he was one of a group who assaulted the deceased , and that accordingly he would be responsible for everything done by every other member of the group that he knew was being done or was likely to be done .
’ however , when the trial judge came to deal with the case against the second appellant , the trial judge directed the jury that it would be open to them to interpret alleged statements by the second appellant as a confession by him that he was one of a group who assaulted the deceased , and that [so] he would be responsible for everything done by every other member of the group that he knew was being done or was likely to be done .

Accordingly he submitted that if the jury accepted that the first appellant had murdered the deceased , then it necessarily followed that they should have acquitted the second appellant .
[so] he submitted that if the jury accepted that the first appellant had murdered the deceased , then it necessarily followed that they should have acquitted the second appellant .

Accordingly he submitted that there plainly had been no miscarriage of justice .
[so] he submitted that there plainly had been no miscarriage of justice .

They were accordingly satisfied that the trial judge misdirected the jury when he stated that the case against the first appellant depended solely upon what they could find proved that he himself did .
they were [so] satisfied that the trial judge misdirected the jury when he stated that the case against the first appellant depended solely upon what they could find proved that he himself did .

Accordingly , their Lordships did not agree with counsel that if the jury convicted the first appellant upon the basis that he was guilty as actor , they necessarily should have acquitted the second appellant .
[so] , their lordships did not agree with counsel that if the jury convicted the first appellant upon the basis that he was guilty as actor , they necessarily should have acquitted the second appellant .

Proposals are that a union vote should be broken down to reflect the divergent views in a union 's membership and apportioned accordingly .
proposals are that a union vote should be broken down to reflect the divergent views in a union 's membership and apportioned [so] .

If this consumption grew the Commission would be able to increase the quota accordingly .
if this consumption grew the commission would be able to increase the quota [so] .

Counsel for the defenders submitted essentially that the Lord Ordinary had erred in law in concluding that the declaration in the application form was part of a contract between the pursuers and the Alliance Building Society to which the provisions of the act applied , rather than concluding that the declaration was non-contractual in character and accordingly not caught by the provisions of the act so far as applicable to Scotland .
counsel for the defenders submitted essentially that the lord ordinary had erred in law in concluding that the declaration in the application form was part of a contract between the pursuers and the alliance building society to which the provisions of the act applied , rather than concluding that the declaration was non-contractual in character and [so] not caught by the provisions of the act so far as applicable to scotland .

’ It was accordingly necessary for the pursuers to establish that there was a contract and that s16 applied to it .
’ it was [so] necessary for the pursuers to establish that there was a contract and that s16 applied to it .

It was priced accordingly .
it was priced [so] .

Accordingly , the 1992 pre-tax profits of £32.5 million were really up only 1 per cent on figures for 1991 which would otherwise have been shown as £32.2 million .
[so] , the 1992 pre-tax profits of £32.5 million were really up only 1 per cent on figures for 1991 which would otherwise have been shown as £32.2 million .

‘ We need to go into the game looking for a win and we 'll prepare accordingly .
‘ we need to go into the game looking for a win and we 'll prepare [so] .

Accordingly , he recently repaired to his old tutor , Ilkley 's Bill Ferguson .
[so] , he recently repaired to his old tutor , ilkley 's bill ferguson .

If the players are unsure whether something will work , he is able to listen , dissects their concerns and adjusts the style accordingly .
if the players are unsure whether something will work , he is able to listen , dissects their concerns and adjusts the style [so] .

Several of the actresses make plucky attempts to inject it with a semblance of artistic integrity : proper name Diane Whitley is convincing as Karen , the girl who is the subject of the lovelorn quest , and Paula Wilcox , as the veteran competitor , has enough experience and talent to gauge the scale of this production and perform accordingly .
several of the actresses make plucky attempts to inject it with a semblance of artistic integrity : proper name diane whitley is convincing as karen , the girl who is the subject of the lovelorn quest , and paula wilcox , as the veteran competitor , has enough experience and talent to gauge the scale of this production and perform [so] .

Manager Roy Coyle , without a win since the opening day of the championship , and accordingly under increasing pressure was clearly relieved to have chalked up a victory .
manager roy coyle , without a win since the opening day of the championship , and [so] under increasing pressure was clearly relieved to have chalked up a victory .

Profits and international competitiveness suffered accordingly .
profits and international competitiveness suffered [so] .

And when the law actually penalises people who inflict punishment outside the law through sheer frustration with its inadequacies , has not the time come for judges to realise they are dealing with real-world situations and sentence accordingly ?
and when the law actually penalises people who inflict punishment outside the law through sheer frustration with its inadequacies , has not the time come for judges to realise they are dealing with real-world situations and sentence [so] ?

‘ Accordingly , there will be no disciplinary inquiry . ’
‘ [so] , there will be no disciplinary inquiry . ’

‘ The heavy rain after the dry weather we 've been having makes the roads more slippery , and drivers should slow down accordingly .
‘ the heavy rain after the dry weather we 've been having makes the roads more slippery , and drivers should slow down [so] .

This season is an important one for the women 's game , and accordingly the league programme starts a fortnight early to ensure an early finish and accommodate senior coach Terry Gregg 's plans .
this season is an important one for the women 's game , and [so] the league programme starts a fortnight early to ensure an early finish and accommodate senior coach terry gregg 's plans .

Accordingly either the murderer did this himself or paid someone else to do it .
[so] either the murderer did this himself or paid someone else to do it .

Accordingly , the court had now assumed responsibility for the welfare of the girl and the Official Solicitor had become her legal guardian .
[so] , the court had now assumed responsibility for the welfare of the girl and the official solicitor had become her legal guardian .

It is basically a question of ‘ balance ’ , in that the salesperson must judge the individual circumstances and ‘ tailor ’ the demonstration accordingly .
it is basically a question of ‘ balance ’ , in that the salesperson must judge the individual circumstances and ‘ tailor ’ the demonstration [so] .

It follows that overseas salespeople need to understand how culture functions in individual overseas markets in order that the selling approach can be tailored accordingly .
it follows that overseas salespeople need to understand how culture functions in individual overseas markets in order that the selling approach can be tailored [so] .

or to Jesus and to confuse their language that they may not listen to one another 's language and accordingly Jehovah scattered them from there over all the surface of the earth so , and that was God 's purpose for them to be er spread out all over the earth cos God knew that city life would only break down and all these centuries have passed since then and there 's urgent proof throughout the year , the cities , the cities do n't work so God had his own way , give it , the one , his way is the only one that works and thus when we pray for this king of
or to jesus and to confuse their language that they may not listen to one another 's language and [so] jehovah scattered them from there over all the surface of the earth so , and that was god 's purpose for them to be er spread out all over the earth cos god knew that city life would only break down and all these centuries have passed since then and there 's urgent proof throughout the year , the cities , the cities do n't work so god had his own way , give it , the one , his way is the only one that works and thus when we pray for this king of

Accordingly , such protagonists as Gower did not have to undertake a ‘ voyage of discovery ’ to acquire the appropriate tool of their trade .
[so] , such protagonists as gower did not have to undertake a ‘ voyage of discovery ’ to acquire the appropriate tool of their trade .

When Doris joined my classes , her figure resembled a barrel and , accordingly , she could only perform a few of the easier exercises .
when doris joined my classes , her figure resembled a barrel and , [so] , she could only perform a few of the easier exercises .

If we are to achieve major goals in our life , we must plan accordingly .
if we are to achieve major goals in our life , we must plan [so] .

as compact and neat as possible , and with practice you will soon become skilled in routing the copper track layout accordingly to limit the size of the card .
as compact and neat as possible , and with practice you will soon become skilled in routing the copper track layout [so] to limit the size of the card .

Their circadian rhythm became modified accordingly .
their circadian rhythm became modified [so] .

The size of the speaker has gone up a notch here to 10″ , with the dimension of the ports increased accordingly .
the size of the speaker has gone up a notch here to 10″ , with the dimension of the ports increased [so] .

Heterosexism lays down the rules and conditions under which all sexualities are valued or devalued in our society and penalties/benefits accordingly awarded .
heterosexism lays down the rules and conditions under which all sexualities are valued or devalued in our society and penalties/benefits [so] awarded .

In your own home , plan accordingly .
in your own home , plan [so] .

At home you can arrange your seating accordingly , possibly placing some low barrier , such as a coffee table , between you and the speaker .
at home you can arrange your seating [so] , possibly placing some low barrier , such as a coffee table , between you and the speaker .

Any chemical treatment will leave hair less resilient than before and it should be treated with care accordingly .
any chemical treatment will leave hair less resilient than before and it should be treated with care [so] .

Instead of brushing your hair after setting which can cause splitting , gently run your fingers through it to create tousled waves . Remember that chemically treated hair is delicate so treat it accordingly
instead of brushing your hair after setting which can cause splitting , gently run your fingers through it to create tousled waves . remember that chemically treated hair is delicate so treat it [so]

You can , of course , use an alternative type electrolytic capacitor if you wish but you will have to adjust the mounting position accordingly .
you can , of course , use an alternative type electrolytic capacitor if you wish but you will have to adjust the mounting position [so] .

There is an economic limit for the groove width and since the amplitude has to be reduced accordingly , the system is changed to ‘ constant amplitude ’ in this region .
there is an economic limit for the groove width and since the amplitude has to be reduced [so] , the system is changed to ‘ constant amplitude ’ in this region .

This means that the ‘ brain ' of the synth has to have a certain amount of waveform information from the guitar before it can determine an actual pitch and synthesise that information accordingly .
this means that the ‘ brain ' of the synth has to have a certain amount of waveform information from the guitar before it can determine an actual pitch and synthesise that information [so] .

Most illnesses probably contain elements of both , but with a preponderance of one or the other which allows us to classify them accordingly .
most illnesses probably contain elements of both , but with a preponderance of one or the other which allows us to classify them [so] .

He accordingly devoted his subsequent research efforts to discovering these plant remedies , which were to be related particularly to temperament , mood and states of mind .
he [so] devoted his subsequent research efforts to discovering these plant remedies , which were to be related particularly to temperament , mood and states of mind .

Although it is less common than getting lower grades than predicted , some people get much better results and want to consider changing their plans accordingly .
although it is less common than getting lower grades than predicted , some people get much better results and want to consider changing their plans [so] .

He lip-reads her , and answers accordingly .
he lip-reads her , and answers [so] .

Interpret the significance of clinical observations and records , making appropriate decisions , and planning nursing care accordingly .
interpret the significance of clinical observations and records , making appropriate decisions , and planning nursing care [so] .

Maintain an awareness of circumstances which can affect standards of care and act accordingly .
maintain an awareness of circumstances which can affect standards of care and act [so] .

Attempts to restructure and remunerate accordingly are the basis of the new clinical grading exercise introduced in 1988 .
attempts to restructure and remunerate [so] are the basis of the new clinical grading exercise introduced in 1988 .

Given this new information , both the syntax and semantic processors can update their information accordingly .
given this new information , both the syntax and semantic processors can update their information [so] .

Dworkin makes it clear that as the question of what form the public hearing should assume is itself a policy question , it is , accordingly , beyond the remit of the courts to interfere with this .
dworkin makes it clear that as the question of what form the public hearing should assume is itself a policy question , it is , [so] , beyond the remit of the courts to interfere with this .

Accordingly , he considers that individuals have no procedural rights to participate in what are plainly policy decisions , beyond their right to participate periodically in the election of governments — unless , of course , such rights are specifically conferred on them by some statute .
[so] , he considers that individuals have no procedural rights to participate in what are plainly policy decisions , beyond their right to participate periodically in the election of governments — unless , of course , such rights are specifically conferred on them by some statute .

The way to get the best out of something — whether faith or a donkey or anything else — is to find out what it is and treat it accordingly .
the way to get the best out of something — whether faith or a donkey or anything else — is to find out what it is and treat it [so] .

Accordingly , it will be extremely rare for a government to press the matter to a vote and it will be left to Members opposing the instrument to move its rejection .
[so] , it will be extremely rare for a government to press the matter to a vote and it will be left to members opposing the instrument to move its rejection .

It was the United Kingdom 's view that United Kingdom law was already fully in conformity prior to accession to the Convention and the Convention was accordingly signed and later compulsory jurisdiction accepted by an act of the prerogative without reference to Parliament .
it was the united kingdom 's view that united kingdom law was already fully in conformity prior to accession to the convention and the convention was [so] signed and later compulsory jurisdiction accepted by an act of the prerogative without reference to parliament .

Therefore we have to discover his plans and act accordingly .
therefore we have to discover his plans and act [so] .

We believe that in the present climate of great openness to the gospel and of great need in people 's broken lives , it is a godly thing to expect growth and to plant accordingly .
we believe that in the present climate of great openness to the gospel and of great need in people 's broken lives , it is a godly thing to expect growth and to plant [so] .

He enters the community of Christians with his demands , sets up his own law , and judges the brethren and God himself accordingly .
he enters the community of christians with his demands , sets up his own law , and judges the brethren and god himself [so] .

This agreement was an essential item incorporated into the Form of Tender , and allowances made accordingly , although some adjustments to the programming were made as work proceeded on site .
this agreement was an essential item incorporated into the form of tender , and allowances made [so] , although some adjustments to the programming were made as work proceeded on site .

Accordingly the research agencies within these ministries were brought together in 1981 to attempt an inter-disciplinary research programme and to promulgate the results .
[so] the research agencies within these ministries were brought together in 1981 to attempt an inter-disciplinary research programme and to promulgate the results .

Accordingly , a further demonstration project was selected in Delft to gain some understanding of how a coherent bicycle network could actually operate .
[so] , a further demonstration project was selected in delft to gain some understanding of how a coherent bicycle network could actually operate .

Accordingly we tend to be friendly with one another , there being a general recognition that we all benefit rather from mutual support than ferocious competition .
[so] we tend to be friendly with one another , there being a general recognition that we all benefit rather from mutual support than ferocious competition .

Accordingly , detailed statistics for the years 1945 to 1950 are provided in Chapter 2 .
[so] , detailed statistics for the years 1945 to 1950 are provided in chapter 2 .

Accordingly , manpower budgeting became the central task of wartime planning .
[so] , manpower budgeting became the central task of wartime planning .

The committee 's recommendations were accordingly ambivalent .
the committee 's recommendations were [so] ambivalent .

Their methods differed accordingly [ Shonfield , 1965 ] .
their methods differed [so] [ shonfield , 1965 ] .

Accordingly , in many cases industrial intervention was a jobs-first and jobs-only policy .
[so] , in many cases industrial intervention was a jobs-first and jobs-only policy .

Accordingly , the major contribution of economics to policy over this period has been in providing some short-term corrections to economic activity whilst being able to do little to alter the long-term trend .
[so] , the major contribution of economics to policy over this period has been in providing some short-term corrections to economic activity whilst being able to do little to alter the long-term trend .

He knows , or if he does not know he should find out , the features or conditions of the environment he has chosen to occupy , and he should act accordingly .
he knows , or if he does not know he should find out , the features or conditions of the environment he has chosen to occupy , and he should act [so] .

She had recognised that her father , too , was common , but that he was a good imitator : from the time he had taken up with her mother , who was from the middle class , he had aimed to act accordingly .
she had recognised that her father , too , was common , but that he was a good imitator : from the time he had taken up with her mother , who was from the middle class , he had aimed to act [so] .

Accordingly , his introduction takes the form of a long conversation between himself and an old man , a Beggar , who approaches him while he is walking in the fields after a sleepless night at Chester 's Inn , where the clerks lived .
[so] , his introduction takes the form of a long conversation between himself and an old man , a beggar , who approaches him while he is walking in the fields after a sleepless night at chester 's inn , where the clerks lived .

The need for ‘ tending ’ varies accordingly .
the need for ‘ tending ’ varies [so] .

They come together much less frequently , from distinct and different settings , and they know much less about each other than do the members of a hospital team , who gain a natural and unforced understanding of each other 's roles and characteristics , and adapt accordingly .
they come together much less frequently , from distinct and different settings , and they know much less about each other than do the members of a hospital team , who gain a natural and unforced understanding of each other 's roles and characteristics , and adapt [so] .

Basically the specialist will be looking for an abnormality in the urinary tract , which , if found , can be treated accordingly .
basically the specialist will be looking for an abnormality in the urinary tract , which , if found , can be treated [so] .

They are not , accordingly , as assertive as to wage and other claims as would be local workers , and their assertiveness is further tempered by the fact that they are not , with some progressive exceptions , voting and participating citizens .
they are not , [so] , as assertive as to wage and other claims as would be local workers , and their assertiveness is further tempered by the fact that they are not , with some progressive exceptions , voting and participating citizens .

When patients arrived in the department they were seen by a triage nurse , who assessed the nature of their complaint/injury and prioritised them accordingly , using the department 's guidelines
when patients arrived in the department they were seen by a triage nurse , who assessed the nature of their complaint/injury and prioritised them [so] , using the department 's guidelines

Accordingly , he received 20mg papaveretum per hour for sedation , and his hypertension was controlled with a labetalol infusion .
[so] , he received 20mg papaveretum per hour for sedation , and his hypertension was controlled with a labetalol infusion .

Such a society would be based on two extreme cultures and supported by highly divergent ideologies — the elite society valuing work and , presumably , awarding themselves status and power as compensation for their efforts , and the underclass valuing leisure and , accordingly , not accepting as legitimate the rewards the elite class have given themselves .
such a society would be based on two extreme cultures and supported by highly divergent ideologies — the elite society valuing work and , presumably , awarding themselves status and power as compensation for their efforts , and the underclass valuing leisure and , [so] , not accepting as legitimate the rewards the elite class have given themselves .

Janus developed into a god of all beginnings , and accordingly the month of January was named in his honour .
janus developed into a god of all beginnings , and [so] the month of january was named in his honour .

Accordingly , first up were East Village , Heavenly 's wild card from early on , when their timeless swoonings and groomings were seen as making some case for the plurality of the dance scene from which Heavenly first hatched .
[so] , first up were east village , heavenly 's wild card from early on , when their timeless swoonings and groomings were seen as making some case for the plurality of the dance scene from which heavenly first hatched .

The editor and others working on Uhuru were well aware that their audience was mainly urban , and they wrote accordingly .
the editor and others working on uhuru were well aware that their audience was mainly urban , and they wrote [so] .

Most media professionals appear to know what is expected of them in their various organisations , each of which has different political backers , and the media product tends to be created accordingly .
most media professionals appear to know what is expected of them in their various organisations , each of which has different political backers , and the media product tends to be created [so] .

Accordingly , Condition 12 requires the trader to indemnify the carrier in this regard .
[so] , condition 12 requires the trader to indemnify the carrier in this regard .

Accordingly , proper legal advice should be taken to ensure all protection available is actually taken advantage of .
[so] , proper legal advice should be taken to ensure all protection available is actually taken advantage of .

Accordingly , such a hire-purchase agreement could not be called credit facilities .
[so] , such a hire-purchase agreement could not be called credit facilities .

Telegrams , accordingly , were sent , and continued to be sent ; and just before the final Schools , on which Paul had banked everything , Sophia really did die ; taking a sudden seizure in the dining-room , before the lodgers assembled ready at table .
telegrams , [so] , were sent , and continued to be sent ; and just before the final schools , on which paul had banked everything , sophia really did die ; taking a sudden seizure in the dining-room , before the lodgers assembled ready at table .

She was surprised , accordingly , to see a stout woman with a dog , a small black dog , approach ; and then knew disbelief .
she was surprised , [so] , to see a stout woman with a dog , a small black dog , approach ; and then knew disbelief .

Dinah , accordingly , had champagne drunk out of her slipper , more champagne thrust upon her in a glass ; and was driven home in the small hours of the morning , after supper at a famous restaurant with three escorts ; Nathan Holland , the famous actor who played Macbeth , and her father .
dinah , [so] , had champagne drunk out of her slipper , more champagne thrust upon her in a glass ; and was driven home in the small hours of the morning , after supper at a famous restaurant with three escorts ; nathan holland , the famous actor who played macbeth , and her father .

She fell asleep , accordingly , at once , after her stage make-up was removed ; and was not at all pleased to be wakened early with the news that Mrs Gracie had called .
she fell asleep , [so] , at once , after her stage make-up was removed ; and was not at all pleased to be wakened early with the news that mrs gracie had called .

She consulted Lessing , accordingly , about what to do with them ; and the end of it was that the long-forgotten link with the law was revived , and young Paul was placed like his father on an office stool .
she consulted lessing , [so] , about what to do with them ; and the end of it was that the long-forgotten link with the law was revived , and young paul was placed like his father on an office stool .

This was done , accordingly ; the two sisters spent some hours together each day in the schoolroom , neither making any complaint .
this was done , [so] ; the two sisters spent some hours together each day in the schoolroom , neither making any complaint .

Accordingly he returned home to Yorkshire with the firm intention of becoming a hermit .
[so] he returned home to yorkshire with the firm intention of becoming a hermit .

Lothlórien has won many hearts , and even the most censorious of Tolkien 's critics have accordingly been ready to grant him the ability to create nice settings .
lothlórien has won many hearts , and even the most censorious of tolkien 's critics have [so] been ready to grant him the ability to create nice settings .

Gollum is accordingly necessary after all — a striking irony .
gollum is [so] necessary after all — a striking irony .

In Tolkien 's poem , accordingly , the words are not given to Beorhtwold but form part of a dream dreamt by the poet Torhthelm :
in tolkien 's poem , [so] , the words are not given to beorhtwold but form part of a dream dreamt by the poet torhthelm :

There are still several things one can not say : for instance , that Saruman 's treachery was accordingly a Good Thing , or that the rescue of Minas Tirith is a reward for Aragorn 's persistence .
there are still several things one can not say : for instance , that saruman 's treachery was [so] a good thing , or that the rescue of minas tirith is a reward for aragorn 's persistence .

It is worth saying accordingly that Denethor , contrasted with Saruman as he is in other ways with Théoden , is an arch-conservative .
it is worth saying [so] that denethor , contrasted with saruman as he is in other ways with théoden , is an arch-conservative .

The first time he sang the poem Bilbo had just handed over the Ring and was off to Rivendell ; the words accordingly express a sense of abdication , of having been left behind , along with determination to accept this and make a new life somewhere as yet unknown .
the first time he sang the poem bilbo had just handed over the ring and was off to rivendell ; the words [so] express a sense of abdication , of having been left behind , along with determination to accept this and make a new life somewhere as yet unknown .

Accordingly when Bilbo and Frodo say they will pursue it , eagerly or wearily , till it is intersected by other roads , lives , wishes , and will then continue into the unknown , if they can , they are expressing a mixture of doubt and determination — exactly the qualities Gandalf so often recommends .
[so] when bilbo and frodo say they will pursue it , eagerly or wearily , till it is intersected by other roads , lives , wishes , and will then continue into the unknown , if they can , they are expressing a mixture of doubt and determination — exactly the qualities gandalf so often recommends .

The ‘ tight fit ’ of poems to characters and situations is accordingly illusory .
the ‘ tight fit ’ of poems to characters and situations is [so] illusory .

The ultimate source for much that has been discussed must certainly be Pearl , with its story of the ( failed ) escape from mortality , its heavily traditional phrasing , and its fantastically complex metrical scheme , of twelve-line cross-rhymed stanzas with alliteration , assonance , syntax-variation and ( even Tolkien did not attempt this ) stanza-linking and refrains.ii However the Pearl tradition did not last till Shakespeare and Milton and the Romantics , who are accordingly and to that extent impoverished .
the ultimate source for much that has been discussed must certainly be pearl , with its story of the ( failed ) escape from mortality , its heavily traditional phrasing , and its fantastically complex metrical scheme , of twelve-line cross-rhymed stanzas with alliteration , assonance , syntax-variation and ( even tolkien did not attempt this ) stanza-linking and refrains.ii however the pearl tradition did not last till shakespeare and milton and the romantics , who are [so] and to that extent impoverished .

Frodo perceives the colours of Cerin Amroth accordingly as at once ‘ fresh ’ and familiar , with a light on them he can not identify : ‘ On the land of Lórien there was no stain .
frodo perceives the colours of cerin amroth [so] as at once ‘ fresh ’ and familiar , with a light on them he can not identify : ‘ on the land of lórien there was no stain .

It is accordingly the main aim of this chapter to indicate as far as possible how The Silmarillion in particular should be read .
it is [so] the main aim of this chapter to indicate as far as possible how the silmarillion in particular should be read .

The Silmarillion was accordingly held up to a great extent , in Mr Carpenter 's view , by procrastination and bother over inessentials , by crosswords and games of Patience , by drawing heraldic doodles and answering readers ' letters — all compounded , one might add , by the failing energies of age ( see Letters , p. 228 ) .
the silmarillion was [so] held up to a great extent , in mr carpenter 's view , by procrastination and bother over inessentials , by crosswords and games of patience , by drawing heraldic doodles and answering readers ' letters — all compounded , one might add , by the failing energies of age ( see letters , p. 228 ) .

Clearly the idea of water as a sanctity and an unfailing refuge from the Dark Lord had started to appeal to him ; and in ‘ The Hunt for the Ring ’ , accordingly , a sort of coda to The Lord of the Rings written c .
clearly the idea of water as a sanctity and an unfailing refuge from the dark lord had started to appeal to him ; and in ‘ the hunt for the ring ’ , [so] , a sort of coda to the lord of the rings written c .

Accordingly they do not have to be rescued from death by a Saviour ; nor from Hell , for they are not judged at death to Hell or Heaven , but sent to ‘ the halls of Mandos ’ , from which they may in time return .
[so] they do not have to be rescued from death by a saviour ; nor from hell , for they are not judged at death to hell or heaven , but sent to ‘ the halls of mandos ’ , from which they may in time return .

The ones who inclined toward the devils without actually joining them are accordingly confined in tempests till Doomsday , when they will go to Hell .
the ones who inclined toward the devils without actually joining them are [so] confined in tempests till doomsday , when they will go to hell .

By 1700–25 the funeral furnishing trade had become firmly established , providing funerals for all classes of society and at various costs , dependent on the social status of the deceased , basing their street ritual and panoply on that exhibited by the College of Arms during the last quarter of the seventeenth century , diluting or adding to it accordingly .
by 1700–25 the funeral furnishing trade had become firmly established , providing funerals for all classes of society and at various costs , dependent on the social status of the deceased , basing their street ritual and panoply on that exhibited by the college of arms during the last quarter of the seventeenth century , diluting or adding to it [so] .

Some licensees have seen catering as a profitable sideline and invested their own cash and other resources into developing it , while others have either not been interested or have lacked the capital to do so , and have accordingly only provided minimum facilities .
some licensees have seen catering as a profitable sideline and invested their own cash and other resources into developing it , while others have either not been interested or have lacked the capital to do so , and have [so] only provided minimum facilities .

Some knowledge of developments in the brewing industry during the 1960s , 1970s and early 1980s is also necessary in order to understand the background , and the case accordingly includes a summary of these .
some knowledge of developments in the brewing industry during the 1960s , 1970s and early 1980s is also necessary in order to understand the background , and the case [so] includes a summary of these .

Using either of these two methods you know exactly what you are receiving in your own currency and can adjust your price accordingly .
using either of these two methods you know exactly what you are receiving in your own currency and can adjust your price [so] .

If he does n't you stand warned of the type of person you are dealing with and should act accordingly .
if he does n't you stand warned of the type of person you are dealing with and should act [so] .

Manville knew all this , and treated the man accordingly .
manville knew all this , and treated the man [so] .

Mr Moore had recently discovered how lucrative preventive dentistry could be , and Mrs Moore was dressed accordingly .
mr moore had recently discovered how lucrative preventive dentistry could be , and mrs moore was dressed [so] .

The machine uses a previously unused pin on the parallel port to detect whether the connected device is a floppy drive or a printer , and automatically configures the port accordingly .
the machine uses a previously unused pin on the parallel port to detect whether the connected device is a floppy drive or a printer , and automatically configures the port [so] .

What Dudley had dismissed as the faceless commonalty Smith perceived as three distinct status groups , and accordingly found space to comment on each .
what dudley had dismissed as the faceless commonalty smith perceived as three distinct status groups , and [so] found space to comment on each .

Schools seem less reluctant to accept that the difficulties some children experience may well point to a more general problem in school or classroom interaction ; and teachers who have been helped to respond more appropriately to those pupils whom they had found most difficult to teach , have found that in the process they were becoming better teachers to their other pupils as well , with their job satisfaction rising accordingly .
schools seem less reluctant to accept that the difficulties some children experience may well point to a more general problem in school or classroom interaction ; and teachers who have been helped to respond more appropriately to those pupils whom they had found most difficult to teach , have found that in the process they were becoming better teachers to their other pupils as well , with their job satisfaction rising [so] .

It is a good idea to lay a thin cane across the planting hole , as an indicator where the soil level is , and as you plant and firm , adjust the plant height accordingly .
it is a good idea to lay a thin cane across the planting hole , as an indicator where the soil level is , and as you plant and firm , adjust the plant height [so] .

Accordingly , it is impossible to generalize a policy or principle for pruning .
[so] , it is impossible to generalize a policy or principle for pruning .

The weather we can do nothing about , except to recognize what it can be letting us in for , and to take precautions accordingly by spraying contacts or systemics .
the weather we can do nothing about , except to recognize what it can be letting us in for , and to take precautions [so] by spraying contacts or systemics .

According to which procedure you are following , the final preparation of the bud is done immediately before implanting , so into your mouth or implant now accordingly .
according to which procedure you are following , the final preparation of the bud is done immediately before implanting , so into your mouth or implant now [so] .

Accordingly , a sample has to be chosen .
[so] , a sample has to be chosen .

The teacher was told by the researcher to regard silence as a wrong answer and to punish it accordingly .
the teacher was told by the researcher to regard silence as a wrong answer and to punish it [so] .

One famous example of this was when he asked students to pretend that they were boarders in their own homes , and to behave accordingly .
one famous example of this was when he asked students to pretend that they were boarders in their own homes , and to behave [so] .

The television viewing public had seen images of violence and expected political leaders to acknowledge them and to respond accordingly and responsibly .
the television viewing public had seen images of violence and expected political leaders to acknowledge them and to respond [so] and responsibly .

Accordingly , the 1992/93 ceiling limit is £1 12,500 , based on earnings of £75,000 .
[so] , the 1992/93 ceiling limit is £1 12,500 , based on earnings of £75,000 .

Companies are under no obligation to do so but , for those people lucky enough to work for an organisation willing to amend its pension scheme rules accordingly , this new provision could make an immense difference to the financial position of early retirees .
companies are under no obligation to do so but , for those people lucky enough to work for an organisation willing to amend its pension scheme rules [so] , this new provision could make an immense difference to the financial position of early retirees .

Most schemes allow you to do this if you are within about 10 years of normal retirement age but your pension may be reduced accordingly .
most schemes allow you to do this if you are within about 10 years of normal retirement age but your pension may be reduced [so] .

Gains are treated as a person 's ‘ top slice ’ of income and are accordingly taxed at : 20 per cent ( the new lower rate ) , 25 per cent ( basic rate ) , 40 per cent ( higher rate ) or a mixture of two rates , i.e. in instances where a gain , or gains , pushes part of an individual 's income into a higher rate bracket .
gains are treated as a person 's ‘ top slice ’ of income and are [so] taxed at : 20 per cent ( the new lower rate ) , 25 per cent ( basic rate ) , 40 per cent ( higher rate ) or a mixture of two rates , i.e. in instances where a gain , or gains , pushes part of an individual 's income into a higher rate bracket .

The financial services community knows more than any other sector of British business which consultants really have that functional specialisation in executive search and will employ them accordingly .
the financial services community knows more than any other sector of british business which consultants really have that functional specialisation in executive search and will employ them [so] .

If they make the money they get paid , but if there is a downturn in the market or their performance is not as strong as it was a year ago , then their salary will be reduced accordingly .
if they make the money they get paid , but if there is a downturn in the market or their performance is not as strong as it was a year ago , then their salary will be reduced [so] .

Accordingly , Leonard investigated the connections of the dorsomedial thalamus in rats and showed that it projects to two cortical areas , one lying on the medial edge of the anterior cortex and the other on the lateral edge , in the rhinal fissure .
[so] , leonard investigated the connections of the dorsomedial thalamus in rats and showed that it projects to two cortical areas , one lying on the medial edge of the anterior cortex and the other on the lateral edge , in the rhinal fissure .

If the wavelength composition of the light falling on a scene changes then the wavelengths reflected by , say , a red area will change accordingly but so will the wavelengths reflected by an adjacent green area .
if the wavelength composition of the light falling on a scene changes then the wavelengths reflected by , say , a red area will change [so] but so will the wavelengths reflected by an adjacent green area .

Consider the range of temperatures you are likely to encounter on your camping trips , and plan accordingly .
consider the range of temperatures you are likely to encounter on your camping trips , and plan [so] .

In his seminal paper on ‘ the invisible worlds of animals and men ’ , Jacob von Uexkull defined the task of comparative psychology as the articulation of the varied Umwelten of different creatures , by identifying what a given species can perceive and what it can do accordingly ( von Uexkull 1957 ) .
in his seminal paper on ‘ the invisible worlds of animals and men ’ , jacob von uexkull defined the task of comparative psychology as the articulation of the varied umwelten of different creatures , by identifying what a given species can perceive and what it can do [so] ( von uexkull 1957 ) .

Only thus could they interpret stimulus-information sensibly in widely differing contexts and take appropriate action accordingly .
only thus could they interpret stimulus-information sensibly in widely differing contexts and take appropriate action [so] .

This approach to visual perception illuminates the nature and generation of our own experiences , and could in principle provide theoretical grounds for saying that a bat , or a Martian , who applied i specific ( objectively definable ) structural description to an object would be more likely to experience a specific type of imagery accordingly .
this approach to visual perception illuminates the nature and generation of our own experiences , and could in principle provide theoretical grounds for saying that a bat , or a martian , who applied i specific ( objectively definable ) structural description to an object would be more likely to experience a specific type of imagery [so] .

In the first place , they presuppose that classes correctly perceive the constraints of their situations and modify their strategies accordingly , and Poulantzas elsewhere acknowledges that it would be extremely rash to make such an assumption .
in the first place , they presuppose that classes correctly perceive the constraints of their situations and modify their strategies [so] , and poulantzas elsewhere acknowledges that it would be extremely rash to make such an assumption .

This answer to the problem of overcrowding is not thought to need any further explanation because it is assumed to be the rational course of action : people saw that it was the only feasible thing to do , and acted accordingly .
this answer to the problem of overcrowding is not thought to need any further explanation because it is assumed to be the rational course of action : people saw that it was the only feasible thing to do , and acted [so] .

The individualist interest is served by the assumption that people see the constraints as binding them and act accordingly .
the individualist interest is served by the assumption that people see the constraints as binding them and act [so] .

His own thinking over the next three years was developed , accordingly , through successive disagreements with Lyell 's views on the organic world , while he continued to accept his mentor 's teaching on the physical world of land , sea and climate changes .
his own thinking over the next three years was developed , [so] , through successive disagreements with lyell 's views on the organic world , while he continued to accept his mentor 's teaching on the physical world of land , sea and climate changes .

These gemmules have , accordingly , been invested by Darwin with two sorts of properties : those credited to every asexual part of the body , in 1838 , to explain its generative and regenerative powers , and those invoked then to explain the impressionability and variability of immature ova .
these gemmules have , [so] , been invested by darwin with two sorts of properties : those credited to every asexual part of the body , in 1838 , to explain its generative and regenerative powers , and those invoked then to explain the impressionability and variability of immature ova .

Accordingly , three modules were drawn up offering a progression in the three years of the course from Information Sources through Information Systems to Information Management .
[so] , three modules were drawn up offering a progression in the three years of the course from information sources through information systems to information management .

As a further example , the chunk could be used by two users , one of whom had a small default font , and the other a large : again the size of each Title would adapt accordingly .
as a further example , the chunk could be used by two users , one of whom had a small default font , and the other a large : again the size of each title would adapt [so] .

Different societies have different standards and rewards and punishments are applied accordingly .
different societies have different standards and rewards and punishments are applied [so] .

Accordingly his mother told him that he would get an extra sweet at lunchtime and another after tea for spending longer with his toys .
[so] his mother told him that he would get an extra sweet at lunchtime and another after tea for spending longer with his toys .

Normally on these machines , we start knitting from the right and patterns are worked out accordingly .
normally on these machines , we start knitting from the right and patterns are worked out [so] .

Accordingly , the Principles and Systems sections of the chapter inherit this pattern ( see Figure 13 ) .
[so] , the principles and systems sections of the chapter inherit this pattern ( see figure 13 ) .

Accordingly , the representation of a link object was expanded to include the attribute ‘ title ’ .
[so] , the representation of a link object was expanded to include the attribute ‘ title ’ .

Accordingly , one is constrained in the way which one can refer to the preceding paragraph in the printed document — because one does not know what the preceding paragraph will be .
[so] , one is constrained in the way which one can refer to the preceding paragraph in the printed document — because one does not know what the preceding paragraph will be .

The current textual unit size is adjusted accordingly .
the current textual unit size is adjusted [so] .

Women 's moral reasoning is more ‘ relational ’ : they tend to think about how a decision would affect particular persons in a concrete situation , and make their choices accordingly .
women 's moral reasoning is more ‘ relational ’ : they tend to think about how a decision would affect particular persons in a concrete situation , and make their choices [so] .

Constanze 's guardian accordingly drew up a document that Mozart was required to sign , promising to marry her within three years , or else pay a large sum as compensation .
constanze 's guardian [so] drew up a document that mozart was required to sign , promising to marry her within three years , or else pay a large sum as compensation .

It 's a fact that most strikers of his quality learn very early about their strengths and weaknesses , and adjust accordingly .
it 's a fact that most strikers of his quality learn very early about their strengths and weaknesses , and adjust [so] .

Most people know when they are hungry and will eat , more or less , accordingly .
most people know when they are hungry and will eat , more or less , [so] .

Her courtiers have all been informed of this decision and have acted accordingly .
her courtiers have all been informed of this decision and have acted [so] .

Not only do children live in separate houses , they often move many miles from their parents in order to follow work or careers , and the mutual support they could formerly give each other has been accordingly diminished .
not only do children live in separate houses , they often move many miles from their parents in order to follow work or careers , and the mutual support they could formerly give each other has been [so] diminished .

It 's wise to adapt accordingly .
it 's wise to adapt [so] .

Another interesting way to fill a flower bed is to think of a colour scheme and plant out accordingly .
another interesting way to fill a flower bed is to think of a colour scheme and plant out [so] .

Try holding a heavy frame and then a delicate one around a piece of card or photograph , and you will see the difference in effect , and be able to make your choice accordingly .
try holding a heavy frame and then a delicate one around a piece of card or photograph , and you will see the difference in effect , and be able to make your choice [so] .

It is always wise to first check with the recipient the colour scheme of the room in which the picture will be displayed , as it is possible to vary the emphasis placed upon the colours within the picture accordingly .
it is always wise to first check with the recipient the colour scheme of the room in which the picture will be displayed , as it is possible to vary the emphasis placed upon the colours within the picture [so] .

Driver means basically the person having control of the direction and movement of the vehicle and drive and driving are construed accordingly .
driver means basically the person having control of the direction and movement of the vehicle and drive and driving are construed [so] .

Accordingly , Gary has bought his own house , while Jason shares with his brother and the other three still live at home with their mums .
[so] , gary has bought his own house , while jason shares with his brother and the other three still live at home with their mums .

The taxpayer , however , contended that , on a literal reading , its meaning was clear and unambiguous and accordingly there was no alternative but to give effect to the express statutory language .
the taxpayer , however , contended that , on a literal reading , its meaning was clear and unambiguous and [so] there was no alternative but to give effect to the express statutory language .

Accordingly , the taxpayer was not entitled to make an election under s 72 ( 4 ) .
[so] , the taxpayer was not entitled to make an election under s 72 ( 4 ) .

Accordingly , there was no basis for ruling out as necessarily inadmissible ab ante the evidence which the Crown sought to lead .
[so] , there was no basis for ruling out as necessarily inadmissible ab ante the evidence which the crown sought to lead .

Accordingly , the ruling would be quashed and the case remitted to the Special Commissioners .
[so] , the ruling would be quashed and the case remitted to the special commissioners .

He appealed to the High Court accordingly .
he appealed to the high court [so] .

The taxpayer 's appeal was accordingly dismissed .
the taxpayer 's appeal was [so] dismissed .

Accordingly , the 1987 regulations picked up a large part of the requirements of the Bank Accounts Directive , but not all of them .
[so] , the 1987 regulations picked up a large part of the requirements of the bank accounts directive , but not all of them .

The Crown 's appeal was accordingly dismissed with costs .
the crown 's appeal was [so] dismissed with costs .

The Commission wants to avoid unjustified double taxation of boats , and will be making proposals accordingly .
the commission wants to avoid unjustified double taxation of boats , and will be making proposals [so] .

The Swastika has been widely associated with the solar orb and its motion across the sky , the right-angled movement of the design relating to the rising sun and the left-angled to the setting sun , and accordingly the summer and winter solstices .
the swastika has been widely associated with the solar orb and its motion across the sky , the right-angled movement of the design relating to the rising sun and the left-angled to the setting sun , and [so] the summer and winter solstices .

Consequently , enterprises are seen to be like the machines they contain and people have to relate to them accordingly .
consequently , enterprises are seen to be like the machines they contain and people have to relate to them [so] .

Most rice fields were owned in unequal shares , and the produce was distributed accordingly when the crop was harvested .
most rice fields were owned in unequal shares , and the produce was distributed [so] when the crop was harvested .

The effect of this change on prior years is a credit of £9.1m , which has been treated as an exceptional item in the 1991/92 p&l account ; accordingly , prior years ' figures have not been restated .
the effect of this change on prior years is a credit of £9.1m , which has been treated as an exceptional item in the 1991/92 p&l account ; [so] , prior years ' figures have not been restated .

Accordingly , the Court declined to annul the Commission 's finding that the Net Book Agreement was in breach of Art 85 ( 1 ) .
[so] , the court declined to annul the commission 's finding that the net book agreement was in breach of art 85 ( 1 ) .

The Crown claimed a declaration that on the true construction of the agreement the company 's chargeable profits for the period were agreed at £66,030,816 , and the company 's appeal against the assessment was determined accordingly .
the crown claimed a declaration that on the true construction of the agreement the company 's chargeable profits for the period were agreed at £66,030,816 , and the company 's appeal against the assessment was determined [so] .

Accordingly , the Court declined to make any order on the originating summons and the Revenue 's application to strike out the summons would be dismissed .
[so] , the court declined to make any order on the originating summons and the revenue 's application to strike out the summons would be dismissed .

Rights to participate on a winding up are not usually taken into account , as financial statements are generally prepared on a going concern basis and , accordingly , such rights are not usually relevant to accounting .
rights to participate on a winding up are not usually taken into account , as financial statements are generally prepared on a going concern basis and , [so] , such rights are not usually relevant to accounting .

Deep discount bonds are bonds which carry a low nominal rate of interest and accordingly are issued at a discount to the value at which they will be redeemed .
deep discount bonds are bonds which carry a low nominal rate of interest and [so] are issued at a discount to the value at which they will be redeemed .

The quality of the ball suffered accordingly and although Biarritz scored two tries to Toulon 's one they never looked as if they could win the game .
the quality of the ball suffered [so] and although biarritz scored two tries to toulon 's one they never looked as if they could win the game .

These should be pruned periodically and propagated accordingly .
these should be pruned periodically and propagated [so] .

The differences in voice levels will show up clearly on the meter , and you can then adjust the mixer settings accordingly .
the differences in voice levels will show up clearly on the meter , and you can then adjust the mixer settings [so] .

On the one hand , suppliers will deliver only items that are explicitly requested by the stores , and on the other they will be privy to market data and forecasts , so that they can plan their manufacturing activities accordingly .
on the one hand , suppliers will deliver only items that are explicitly requested by the stores , and on the other they will be privy to market data and forecasts , so that they can plan their manufacturing activities [so] .

Accordingly , the judge made a declaration that the devolution of the testator 's estate had been varied in terms of the memoranda .
[so] , the judge made a declaration that the devolution of the testator 's estate had been varied in terms of the memoranda .

If the parties had genuinely chosen one route rather than a different route , stamp duty would be assessable accordingly .
if the parties had genuinely chosen one route rather than a different route , stamp duty would be assessable [so] .

Accordingly , with 15 or so investments on his books , he stresses : ‘ It 's not the sort of job you can switch off from .
[so] , with 15 or so investments on his books , he stresses : ‘ it 's not the sort of job you can switch off from .

The Crown 's arguments in relation to the legal expenses were also accepted , and the taxpayers ' appeal was accordingly dismissed .
the crown 's arguments in relation to the legal expenses were also accepted , and the taxpayers ' appeal was [so] dismissed .

Not surprisingly , many gentry and clergy modified their public pronouncements accordingly , surviving both Parliamentary rule and the Restoration .
not surprisingly , many gentry and clergy modified their public pronouncements [so] , surviving both parliamentary rule and the restoration .

Eventually the Frome overseers decided , and annotated it accordingly , that Betty Titford was a ‘ sickly woman ’ ; and so she remained until her death .
eventually the frome overseers decided , and annotated it [so] , that betty titford was a ‘ sickly woman ’ ; and so she remained until her death .

By 1798 he was already comfortably settled as a linen draper within the hallowed precincts of the City of London , and had the fact entered in the commercial directories accordingly ; Titford and Barwick might be consulted for your drapery needs at 77 Bishopsgate Within , situated at the end of Suttons Court opposite the Marine Society Offices .
by 1798 he was already comfortably settled as a linen draper within the hallowed precincts of the city of london , and had the fact entered in the commercial directories [so] ; titford and barwick might be consulted for your drapery needs at 77 bishopsgate within , situated at the end of suttons court opposite the marine society offices .

The difference is that Chomsky acknowledges this fact and accordingly expresses his views with appropriate caution .
the difference is that chomsky acknowledges this fact and [so] expresses his views with appropriate caution .

Here we are concerned with how the effects of teaching techniques on learner behaviour are monitored and how the techniques are modified accordingly .
here we are concerned with how the effects of teaching techniques on learner behaviour are monitored and how the techniques are modified [so] .

Exercises adjusted accordingly .
exercises adjusted [so] .

In this way , the proposition is focused a little more clearly and its dependence on contextual support decreases accordingly .
in this way , the proposition is focused a little more clearly and its dependence on contextual support decreases [so] .

The resulting invoice was printed out accordingly .
the resulting invoice was printed out [so] .

accordingly , courts are under little pressure to test the evidence ;
[so] , courts are under little pressure to test the evidence ;

And he should husband his capital accordingly .
and he should husband his capital [so] .

Accordingly , all will be able to afford care .
[so] , all will be able to afford care .

Accordingly , they were happy to hold semi-official talks with China last month , aimed at resolving some of the practical problems that arise through their growing business relations .
[so] , they were happy to hold semi-official talks with china last month , aimed at resolving some of the practical problems that arise through their growing business relations .

And almost every budget item is politicised accordingly .
and almost every budget item is politicised [so] .

They know that the social services they will get in California are far better than those in Texas , and plan their routes accordingly .
they know that the social services they will get in california are far better than those in texas , and plan their routes [so] .

Accordingly , it is necessary to define what should be considered as bribery in the context of the period , rather than as it might be regarded in the twentieth century .
[so] , it is necessary to define what should be considered as bribery in the context of the period , rather than as it might be regarded in the twentieth century .

Just in case Lord Milton failed to appreciate his value , MacLachlan stressed that he had been approached by the rival interest in the county and had been offered sufficient to make him easy for life , and accordingly implied that Milton had an obligation to aid him with his creditors and enable him to arrange further loans .
just in case lord milton failed to appreciate his value , maclachlan stressed that he had been approached by the rival interest in the county and had been offered sufficient to make him easy for life , and [so] implied that milton had an obligation to aid him with his creditors and enable him to arrange further loans .

Accordingly , it is evident that a gift of such significance could have been of no small value to a freeholder or councillor who would otherwise have found difficulty in endowing a relative so generously at the commencement of his career .
[so] , it is evident that a gift of such significance could have been of no small value to a freeholder or councillor who would otherwise have found difficulty in endowing a relative so generously at the commencement of his career .

Accordingly , this power to name destinations gave the senior officers of the East India Company considerable influence over shipowners and they could , in turn , make use of such influence to aid their own political interest .
[so] , this power to name destinations gave the senior officers of the east india company considerable influence over shipowners and they could , in turn , make use of such influence to aid their own political interest .

In short , the command of an East Indiaman was a very profitable situation , and accordingly the award of a good voyage was said to be
in short , the command of an east indiaman was a very profitable situation , and [so] the award of a good voyage was said to be

Accordingly , for many ships without such protection , Bombay was the desired port of destination , and getting a suitable voyage was one of the primary concerns of members of parliament with East Indian connections who included among their constituents captains of East Indiamen .
[so] , for many ships without such protection , bombay was the desired port of destination , and getting a suitable voyage was one of the primary concerns of members of parliament with east indian connections who included among their constituents captains of east indiamen .

Accordingly , the battle over the excisemen of Inverkeithing was intensified , for the rival Haldane party had no intention of giving way , and they too had friends able to influence the placement of excise officers .
[so] , the battle over the excisemen of inverkeithing was intensified , for the rival haldane party had no intention of giving way , and they too had friends able to influence the placement of excise officers .

In the circumstances James Cunningham felt that Captain Robert Cunningham 's election hopes would be considerably strengthened if Morris were proven wrong , and accordingly advised Lord Milton that
in the circumstances james cunningham felt that captain robert cunningham 's election hopes would be considerably strengthened if morris were proven wrong , and [so] advised lord milton that

Provost John Cuningham , as leader of his party in the council of Inverkeithing , was well aware of political realities and accordingly pressed strongly for some support from his patrons , particularly in the case of the well-known John Main .
provost john cuningham , as leader of his party in the council of inverkeithing , was well aware of political realities and [so] pressed strongly for some support from his patrons , particularly in the case of the well-known john main .

Accordingly every politician was confronted with the sometimes unpleasant duty of suggesting a suitable replacement for a deceased minister after a delicate balancing of the claims of potential candidates .
[so] every politician was confronted with the sometimes unpleasant duty of suggesting a suitable replacement for a deceased minister after a delicate balancing of the claims of potential candidates .

The Minister 's choice was based upon an examination of the Registers of Exchequer , by which it appeared ‘ that the owners of much of the greater part of the property in the district interest themselves for Mr. Lapslie ’ , who accordingly obtained the presentation regardless of the fact that two of Lapslie 's supporters were not members of the Church of Scotland .
the minister 's choice was based upon an examination of the registers of exchequer , by which it appeared ‘ that the owners of much of the greater part of the property in the district interest themselves for mr. lapslie ’ , who [so] obtained the presentation regardless of the fact that two of lapslie 's supporters were not members of the church of scotland .

Accordingly , on many occasions the choice of a collector became in itself a trial of strength between the political interests in a county , not only because of the intrinsic attractions of the office itself , but because the collector would be involved in the production of the certificates of valuation required as part of the documentation to be produced for claimants seeking admission to the freeholders roll .
[so] , on many occasions the choice of a collector became in itself a trial of strength between the political interests in a county , not only because of the intrinsic attractions of the office itself , but because the collector would be involved in the production of the certificates of valuation required as part of the documentation to be produced for claimants seeking admission to the freeholders roll .

Accordingly , with the collector 's salary no longer burdened with a kind of pension to a colleague , Elphinstone of Quarrel was challenged by Buchanan of Aucheneen , apparently with the support of friends of the second Duke of Montrose .
[so] , with the collector 's salary no longer burdened with a kind of pension to a colleague , elphinstone of quarrel was challenged by buchanan of aucheneen , apparently with the support of friends of the second duke of montrose .

What is essential in considering all these matters is to see beyond the weeping , struggling figure to the austere searcher who had devoted his life to reaching precise definitions of Truth , Rectitude and Justice , and to living accordingly .
what is essential in considering all these matters is to see beyond the weeping , struggling figure to the austere searcher who had devoted his life to reaching precise definitions of truth , rectitude and justice , and to living [so] .

And thirdly , with all his sympathy with people of every kind , uppermost in all his plans in 1102 was the simple thought that there could be no moderation in obeying God 's law , and it would all be easy if people would only believe , and act accordingly .
and thirdly , with all his sympathy with people of every kind , uppermost in all his plans in 1102 was the simple thought that there could be no moderation in obeying god 's law , and it would all be easy if people would only believe , and act [so] .

Accordingly , postponement of retirement would be rewarded by an increased pension .
[so] , postponement of retirement would be rewarded by an increased pension .

Accordingly , father , sons and one daughter all brought wages home , and on top of that they had seven and sixpence a week from their lodger .
[so] , father , sons and one daughter all brought wages home , and on top of that they had seven and sixpence a week from their lodger .

He continues to hold the lease of his former premises but intends to present exhibitions there only at irregular intervals and has trimmed the list of artists whom he is able to represent accordingly .
he continues to hold the lease of his former premises but intends to present exhibitions there only at irregular intervals and has trimmed the list of artists whom he is able to represent [so] .

Accordingly the museum 's trustees have named the museum building the Steven Spielberg/Time Warner Building .
[so] the museum 's trustees have named the museum building the steven spielberg/time warner building .

They may co-habit in the landscape but their ecological niches make very different physical demands and their shapes have evolved accordingly : they are the barn owl , the herring gull and the mallard duck .
they may co-habit in the landscape but their ecological niches make very different physical demands and their shapes have evolved [so] : they are the barn owl , the herring gull and the mallard duck .

Accordingly Mystery Tour can be used as a supplement to any course at this level ( for example , Streamline Destinations , Headway Intermediate , or Fast Forward 2 ) or as the sole basis for a short course at this level .
[so] mystery tour can be used as a supplement to any course at this level ( for example , streamline destinations , headway intermediate , or fast forward 2 ) or as the sole basis for a short course at this level .

Accordingly , no valid demonstration of God 's existence can be founded on the concept of a necessary Being .
[so] , no valid demonstration of god 's existence can be founded on the concept of a necessary being .

As a result , the nineteenth-century approaches had misconceived the nature of God 's Word itself , turning it into a spiritual ideal , a heroic example , or a set of ethical norms , and interpreted Jesus accordingly , instead of recognising in him the perennially contemporary event of the encounter of time with eternity , the intersection of the finite by the infinite , by which everything human and creaturely is contradicted in its self-enclosedness and opened up to the reality of God .
as a result , the nineteenth-century approaches had misconceived the nature of god 's word itself , turning it into a spiritual ideal , a heroic example , or a set of ethical norms , and interpreted jesus [so] , instead of recognising in him the perennially contemporary event of the encounter of time with eternity , the intersection of the finite by the infinite , by which everything human and creaturely is contradicted in its self-enclosedness and opened up to the reality of god .

Accordingly , they concentrated on what could be spoken of — the life and experience and understanding of faith .
[so] , they concentrated on what could be spoken of — the life and experience and understanding of faith .

Accordingly , Barth regarded any theological concern with created and fallen nature apart from its re-creation in Jesus Christ as quite superfluous .
[so] , barth regarded any theological concern with created and fallen nature apart from its re-creation in jesus christ as quite superfluous .

Once we begin to build primary education from neat blocks of acceptable and appropriate knowledge , teachers will tend to teach accordingly .
once we begin to build primary education from neat blocks of acceptable and appropriate knowledge , teachers will tend to teach [so] .

If , however , the observed changes are not what was predicted , then he has made an error but he has also learned because he must now modify his view of the situation accordingly .
if , however , the observed changes are not what was predicted , then he has made an error but he has also learned because he must now modify his view of the situation [so] .

In either case it is feasible to collect data about a trainee 's performance and modify the presented information accordingly .
in either case it is feasible to collect data about a trainee 's performance and modify the presented information [so] .

’ Accordingly he dedicated the fight to ‘ black people of the world ’ , and was criticized for his sentiments .
’ [so] he dedicated the fight to ‘ black people of the world ’ , and was criticized for his sentiments .

Accordingly , the level of bargaining influences the distribution of internal union power .
[so] , the level of bargaining influences the distribution of internal union power .

If , on the other hand , one accepts Tyacke 's argument that predestination was the one mainstream belief down to 1625 , the Arminians were responsible for an unprecedented attack on a well-established orthodoxy , and their activities accordingly met with great hostility and resistance .
if , on the other hand , one accepts tyacke 's argument that predestination was the one mainstream belief down to 1625 , the arminians were responsible for an unprecedented attack on a well-established orthodoxy , and their activities [so] met with great hostility and resistance .

Accordingly , they set about the task of reforming the religious and cultural life of the English localities with a vengeance .
[so] , they set about the task of reforming the religious and cultural life of the english localities with a vengeance .

Thus Jellicoe , on his flagship , the dreadnought Iron Duke , and Beatty , on his battle-cruiser Lion , were fully aware of developments and accordingly prepared their courses to intercept the German fleet .
thus jellicoe , on his flagship , the dreadnought iron duke , and beatty , on his battle-cruiser lion , were fully aware of developments and [so] prepared their courses to intercept the german fleet .

Teachers should accordingly be encouraged to develop whole-school policies on language , which are sensitive to their local circumstances . These policies should bear in mind principles such as that when children leave school they should have acquired as far as possible :
teachers should [so] be encouraged to develop whole-school policies on language , which are sensitive to their local circumstances . these policies should bear in mind principles such as that when children leave school they should have acquired as far as possible :

; cause-and-effect relationships can be expressed by so , therefore , accordingly , consequently , etc .
; cause-and-effect relationships can be expressed by so , therefore , [so] , consequently , etc .

Accordingly , a typical sequence of sentences in writing is :
[so] , a typical sequence of sentences in writing is :

Accordingly , the content we saw as essential to knowledge about language was incorporated in the three profile components , speaking and listening , reading , and writing , both in the statements of attainment and in the programmes of study .
[so] , the content we saw as essential to knowledge about language was incorporated in the three profile components , speaking and listening , reading , and writing , both in the statements of attainment and in the programmes of study .

Accordingly , in the speaking and listening profile component , the statements of attainment relate to children 's growing ability to talk explicitly about :
[so] , in the speaking and listening profile component , the statements of attainment relate to children 's growing ability to talk explicitly about :

Accordingly in the reading profile component , the statements of attainment relate to pupils ' growing ability to talk and write explicitly about :
[so] in the reading profile component , the statements of attainment relate to pupils ' growing ability to talk and write explicitly about :

If a claim is not provided by the agreed date , the Prime contractor may notify the Non-academic Parties responsible for that claim that it intends to submit a consolidated claim without including such missing claim and may thereafter proceed with such submission accordingly .
if a claim is not provided by the agreed date , the prime contractor may notify the non-academic parties responsible for that claim that it intends to submit a consolidated claim without including such missing claim and may thereafter proceed with such submission [so] .

Should the Programmer be prevented for any reason from completing and delivering the Program by the agreed date , then as an alternative ( in the case of the Programmer 's breach ) to terminating this Agreement the Publisher , after giving the Programmer reasonable notice , may commission the completion of the Program by another programmer on terms that the Publisher shall consider fair to all parties ; the payment due to the Programmer under Clause 2 shall be altered accordingly ; and the Programmer will immediately deliver to the Publisher such materials as he has prepared , and refund any advance of payment which he has received .
should the programmer be prevented for any reason from completing and delivering the program by the agreed date , then as an alternative ( in the case of the programmer 's breach ) to terminating this agreement the publisher , after giving the programmer reasonable notice , may commission the completion of the program by another programmer on terms that the publisher shall consider fair to all parties ; the payment due to the programmer under clause 2 shall be altered [so] ; and the programmer will immediately deliver to the publisher such materials as he has prepared , and refund any advance of payment which he has received .

Should the Programmer be prevented for any reason from completing and delivering the Program by the agreed date , then as an alternative ( in the case of the Programmer 's breach ) to terminating this Agreement the Publisher , after giving the Programmer reasonable notice , may commission the completion of the Program by another programmer on terms that the Publisher shall consider fair to all parties ; the payment due to the Programmer under Clause 2 shall be altered accordingly ; and the Programmer will immediately deliver to the Publisher such materials as he has prepared , and refund any advance of payment which he has received .
should the programmer be prevented for any reason from completing and delivering the program by the agreed date , then as an alternative ( in the case of the programmer 's breach ) to terminating this agreement the publisher , after giving the programmer reasonable notice , may commission the completion of the program by another programmer on terms that the publisher shall consider fair to all parties ; the payment due to the programmer under clause 2 shall be altered [so] ; and the programmer will immediately deliver to the publisher such materials as he has prepared , and refund any advance of payment which he has received .

Reconstituted , however , within new ideological discourses , skilled labour proved unwilling or unable to acknowledge its radical lineage and act accordingly .
reconstituted , however , within new ideological discourses , skilled labour proved unwilling or unable to acknowledge its radical lineage and act [so] .

Joan accordingly took up the post of companion to the lady Anne and thereafter had no great difficulty in adjusting to a new and privileged life-style .
joan [so] took up the post of companion to the lady anne and thereafter had no great difficulty in adjusting to a new and privileged life-style .

In such cases , the publication has status and will be priced accordingly .
in such cases , the publication has status and will be priced [so] .

This was , in fact , the same scale of values that initiated the work , since wealthy patrons were at liberty to specify the number of historiations and miniatures and paid accordingly .
this was , in fact , the same scale of values that initiated the work , since wealthy patrons were at liberty to specify the number of historiations and miniatures and paid [so] .

Accordingly public policy-makers characteristically follow one of two strategies .
[so] public policy-makers characteristically follow one of two strategies .

If someone believes that it is raining , or that the knave stole the tarts , there is either a state of affairs such as he believes in or there is not , and his belief , and the statement which expresses it , is true or false ; accordingly .
if someone believes that it is raining , or that the knave stole the tarts , there is either a state of affairs such as he believes in or there is not , and his belief , and the statement which expresses it , is true or false ; [so] .

On the other hand , strength at sea would help displace the Portuguese who had gained control of the Indian Ocean a century earlier , and this would please the Emperor ; accordingly the East India Company armed its ships heavily enough to hold the sea against the Portuguese and against the local pirates .
on the other hand , strength at sea would help displace the portuguese who had gained control of the indian ocean a century earlier , and this would please the emperor ; [so] the east india company armed its ships heavily enough to hold the sea against the portuguese and against the local pirates .

They will all receive individual Net Sets , the new net measurer that collapses to the exact height of the net , then folds away to the size of a pen and clips to the pocket accordingly .
they will all receive individual net sets , the new net measurer that collapses to the exact height of the net , then folds away to the size of a pen and clips to the pocket [so] .

In order to assess the children 's lighting needs , teachers must look at the tasks that are to be performed , such as moving around , close and distance work , and see how each child performs in different lighting conditions , then adapt accordingly .
in order to assess the children 's lighting needs , teachers must look at the tasks that are to be performed , such as moving around , close and distance work , and see how each child performs in different lighting conditions , then adapt [so] .

Puppies are unable to relate to an event which occurred in the past , so if you find that a place has been soiled overnight there is little point in scolding the puppy accordingly .
puppies are unable to relate to an event which occurred in the past , so if you find that a place has been soiled overnight there is little point in scolding the puppy [so] .

The word ‘ sit ’ , for example , should be used at all times rather than simply saying ‘ food ’ in this instance , and hoping that the dog will respond accordingly .
the word ‘ sit ’ , for example , should be used at all times rather than simply saying ‘ food ’ in this instance , and hoping that the dog will respond [so] .

Your dog may be rather nervous of being washed and will need to be trained accordingly , especially if it is to have a career in the show ring , where careful preparation is so vital .
your dog may be rather nervous of being washed and will need to be trained [so] , especially if it is to have a career in the show ring , where careful preparation is so vital .

Although there is no treatment , at least you can adjust your training routine accordingly .
although there is no treatment , at least you can adjust your training routine [so] .

Although in an economically backward country like Spain these elements played an important cultural role , they lacked economic ‘ muscle ’ , a weakness that was accordingly transmitted to the Republic itself .
although in an economically backward country like spain these elements played an important cultural role , they lacked economic ‘ muscle ’ , a weakness that was [so] transmitted to the republic itself .

And although the Vatican was eager for peace with the new regime , powerful figures within both clergy and Catholic laity in Spain assumed from the start that conflict was inevitable and an aggressive posture towards the Republic accordingly required .
and although the vatican was eager for peace with the new regime , powerful figures within both clergy and catholic laity in spain assumed from the start that conflict was inevitable and an aggressive posture towards the republic [so] required .

On 19 July Giral accordingly requested arms and aircraft from the French Socialist premier , Léon Blum .
on 19 july giral [so] requested arms and aircraft from the french socialist premier , léon blum .

Accordingly , and because of its vast size , the sea inspires the greatest emotional responses of loving and loathing among those who occupy their business upon its surface .
[so] , and because of its vast size , the sea inspires the greatest emotional responses of loving and loathing among those who occupy their business upon its surface .

Stage or interim payments are then made each week to the sub-contractor and the surveyor will make any necessary remeasurement and adjust the final quantities and payment accordingly .
stage or interim payments are then made each week to the sub-contractor and the surveyor will make any necessary remeasurement and adjust the final quantities and payment [so] .

The agent , when instructed to sell land or property , will almost certainly appraise the development or redevelopment potential and advise his client accordingly .
the agent , when instructed to sell land or property , will almost certainly appraise the development or redevelopment potential and advise his client [so] .

Turkmenia voted accordingly on 27 October , after a referendum in which ( as in Armenia ) the idea of independence received overwhelming popular support .
turkmenia voted [so] on 27 october , after a referendum in which ( as in armenia ) the idea of independence received overwhelming popular support .

Accordingly , a number of other methods have been employed , for example , lists of those registered to vote ( Edwards , 1973 ) and records of doctor 's patients ( Rees and Rees , 1977 ) .
[so] , a number of other methods have been employed , for example , lists of those registered to vote ( edwards , 1973 ) and records of doctor 's patients ( rees and rees , 1977 ) .

Accordingly , a number of migration theories and general statements have been formulated over the years , as shown in Table 5.1 .
[so] , a number of migration theories and general statements have been formulated over the years , as shown in table 5.1 .

Accordingly , the rest of this section concentrates on first , studies of social change in rural communities , and then , the changing political structure of these communities , before considering one model for the future , California .
[so] , the rest of this section concentrates on first , studies of social change in rural communities , and then , the changing political structure of these communities , before considering one model for the future , california .

Accordingly , Drudy and Drudy ( 1979 ) have advocated the provision of professional and office jobs , and Gilg ( 1976 ) has advocated more jobs in office employment and tourism , as well as jobs in manufacturing , as an alternative to agricultural employment , so that not only the aspirations of the whole ability range of young people may be met ( Drudy , 1975 ) but also to increase the level of female activity rates found in many rural areas ( Moseley and Darby , 1978 ) .
[so] , drudy and drudy ( 1979 ) have advocated the provision of professional and office jobs , and gilg ( 1976 ) has advocated more jobs in office employment and tourism , as well as jobs in manufacturing , as an alternative to agricultural employment , so that not only the aspirations of the whole ability range of young people may be met ( drudy , 1975 ) but also to increase the level of female activity rates found in many rural areas ( moseley and darby , 1978 ) .

Accordingly , the rest of this chapter discusses these three topics in turn .
[so] , the rest of this chapter discusses these three topics in turn .

Accordingly , recent work has looked at new ways of defining rural deprivation over and above the arithmetic of woe shown in Tables 6.5 and 6.6 .
[so] , recent work has looked at new ways of defining rural deprivation over and above the arithmetic of woe shown in tables 6.5 and 6.6 .

Accordingly these areas are heavily used and subject to severe environment erosion .
[so] these areas are heavily used and subject to severe environment erosion .

Accordingly , there has been a gradual realization that the endeavour should advance over a broader field rather than trying to seek a ‘ universal ’ method ( Dearden , 1981 ) , that subjective methods are probably more cost-effective ( Price , 1976 ) , that any method should include room for different tastes ( Jacques , 1980 ) , and that much could be learnt from the approach of experts in the area of aesthetic and artistic judgement ( Carlson , 1977 ) .
[so] , there has been a gradual realization that the endeavour should advance over a broader field rather than trying to seek a ‘ universal ’ method ( dearden , 1981 ) , that subjective methods are probably more cost-effective ( price , 1976 ) , that any method should include room for different tastes ( jacques , 1980 ) , and that much could be learnt from the approach of experts in the area of aesthetic and artistic judgement ( carlson , 1977 ) .

Accordingly , many banks accept consolidators ' air waybills whose text contains a master or first airline air waybill number , and which also shows such an airline 's reception stamp .
[so] , many banks accept consolidators ' air waybills whose text contains a master or first airline air waybill number , and which also shows such an airline 's reception stamp .

Accordingly , a bill of lading stating that goods had been shipped or received for shipment ‘ and in the hands of the lawful holder , should be conclusive evidence against the carrier of such shipment or receipt .
[so] , a bill of lading stating that goods had been shipped or received for shipment ‘ and in the hands of the lawful holder , should be conclusive evidence against the carrier of such shipment or receipt .

Accordingly , it is not clear what rights are accepted by the transferee ; he may have accepted non-existing rights relying upon fraudulent information in a receipt message transmitted to him by someone pretending to be the carrier .
[so] , it is not clear what rights are accepted by the transferee ; he may have accepted non-existing rights relying upon fraudulent information in a receipt message transmitted to him by someone pretending to be the carrier .

Accordingly , banks will continue to determine whether the bill was signed or authenticated by someone stating the he was the ‘ carrier , ’ the ‘ owner , ’ the ‘ master ’ of the vessel , or the agent of any of the above .
[so] , banks will continue to determine whether the bill was signed or authenticated by someone stating the he was the ‘ carrier , ’ the ‘ owner , ’ the ‘ master ’ of the vessel , or the agent of any of the above .

If it were possible to be clear about what power or general role the House should have , the relations between MPs and the executive could be adjusted accordingly .
if it were possible to be clear about what power or general role the house should have , the relations between mps and the executive could be adjusted [so] .

Thus if teachers ' expectations in a school or class are low , in relation to the potential educational performance of working-class children , it is quite possible that the latter will respond accordingly .
thus if teachers ' expectations in a school or class are low , in relation to the potential educational performance of working-class children , it is quite possible that the latter will respond [so] .

In January 1982 , Lord Hailsham repudiated the comment of a judge that a rape victim who hitch-hiked a lift was guilty of contributory negligence and that the rapist 's penalty should accordingly be reduced .
in january 1982 , lord hailsham repudiated the comment of a judge that a rape victim who hitch-hiked a lift was guilty of contributory negligence and that the rapist 's penalty should [so] be reduced .

The official informed the employers accordingly and the employers lawfully dismissed the woodworkers , who then brought an action against the official .
the official informed the employers [so] and the employers lawfully dismissed the woodworkers , who then brought an action against the official .

The union circulated all its branches accordingly .
the union circulated all its branches [so] .

a simple tale introducing only a few characters besides the hero and heroine is often very successful … . If the hero is meant to be a man of authority used to being obeyed , he should be shown as such and the other characters should react to him accordingly …
a simple tale introducing only a few characters besides the hero and heroine is often very successful … . if the hero is meant to be a man of authority used to being obeyed , he should be shown as such and the other characters should react to him [so] …

These nuances were lost in the United Kingdom , where rock ' n ' roll was seen as another exotic American import like chewing-gum or cowboy films ; its explosive sexuality was seen as the key selling point of this product like the X-tail-fin on a new Ford — rather than as a process , and was thus isolated and marketed accordingly .
these nuances were lost in the united kingdom , where rock ' n ' roll was seen as another exotic american import like chewing-gum or cowboy films ; its explosive sexuality was seen as the key selling point of this product like the x-tail-fin on a new ford — rather than as a process , and was thus isolated and marketed [so] .

Science has also intervened in such matters as breeding , feed-conversion , and the control of the environment to reduce mortality and disease , forcing the stockman to keep accurate records of the necessary information and plan his husbandry strategy accordingly .
science has also intervened in such matters as breeding , feed-conversion , and the control of the environment to reduce mortality and disease , forcing the stockman to keep accurate records of the necessary information and plan his husbandry strategy [so] .

Touched on a raw nerve , they can react accordingly .
touched on a raw nerve , they can react [so] .

Next , it will support the claim that corporate power is justifiable only in so far as it promotes the public interest , and accordingly that society is entitled to demand that company policies serve that interest .
next , it will support the claim that corporate power is justifiable only in so far as it promotes the public interest , and [so] that society is entitled to demand that company policies serve that interest .

If shareholders can not be shown to be morally entitled to the corporate property then they have no antecedent moral right to exercise or allocate the power that flows from it , and accordingly the property rights justification of corporate power must fail , and with it , the project of explaining companies as private shareholder domains .
if shareholders can not be shown to be morally entitled to the corporate property then they have no antecedent moral right to exercise or allocate the power that flows from it , and [so] the property rights justification of corporate power must fail , and with it , the project of explaining companies as private shareholder domains .

Accordingly , obedience to the demands of ‘ profit maximisation within the law ’ prevents the full range and texture of third party interests from being taken into account or given sufficient weight in corporate decision making .
[so] , obedience to the demands of ‘ profit maximisation within the law ’ prevents the full range and texture of third party interests from being taken into account or given sufficient weight in corporate decision making .

Output is accordingly lower than it would have been under conditions of perfect competition , and resources are diverted to alternative , less valuable uses .
output is [so] lower than it would have been under conditions of perfect competition , and resources are diverted to alternative , less valuable uses .

For the time being , having noted the rival analysis , the issues will be approached through the framework of the traditional model and it will accordingly be assumed for the purposes of analysis that weak owner control at least raises a presumption that there is a problem about the adequacy of management discipline .
for the time being , having noted the rival analysis , the issues will be approached through the framework of the traditional model and it will [so] be assumed for the purposes of analysis that weak owner control at least raises a presumption that there is a problem about the adequacy of management discipline .

The directors are accordingly not obliged to maximise current profits in order to satisfy short-term demands for dividends at the expense of a growth in profitability over a longer period .
the directors are [so] not obliged to maximise current profits in order to satisfy short-term demands for dividends at the expense of a growth in profitability over a longer period .

Others , while having a relationship with the company only in the capacity of member , might prefer the directors to take account of such issues as the environmental or social consequences of the company 's activities , and where there is a conflict , to modify the profit instinct accordingly .
others , while having a relationship with the company only in the capacity of member , might prefer the directors to take account of such issues as the environmental or social consequences of the company 's activities , and where there is a conflict , to modify the profit instinct [so] .

Should this be the case , it would seem to follow that a strict concern with shareholder interests would dictate that managers should instead attempt directly to maximise share price , and that directors ' duties should be framed accordingly , and not as just suggested .
should this be the case , it would seem to follow that a strict concern with shareholder interests would dictate that managers should instead attempt directly to maximise share price , and that directors ' duties should be framed [so] , and not as just suggested .

Decisions that fall outside the parameters of ‘ ordinary ’ unreasonableness may give rise to liability , but those indicating a lesser degree of ineptitude will be categorised as merely imprudent , or as involving an error of judgment , and will , accordingly , be safe from attack .
decisions that fall outside the parameters of ‘ ordinary ’ unreasonableness may give rise to liability , but those indicating a lesser degree of ineptitude will be categorised as merely imprudent , or as involving an error of judgment , and will , [so] , be safe from attack .

It has been contended accordingly that managers should be allowed to determine for themselves how thoroughly they need investigate the background to a transaction , since judicial interference in this process is likely to lead only to wasteful investigations and excessive documentation in order to provide a defence if litigation ensues .
it has been contended [so] that managers should be allowed to determine for themselves how thoroughly they need investigate the background to a transaction , since judicial interference in this process is likely to lead only to wasteful investigations and excessive documentation in order to provide a defence if litigation ensues .

It could accordingly be a long time before resolutely indolent or constitutionally inept directors regarded the problems of raising money as a reason for modifying their behaviour .
it could [so] be a long time before resolutely indolent or constitutionally inept directors regarded the problems of raising money as a reason for modifying their behaviour .

There is accordingly no reason why institutional behaviour should induce short-term behaviour in management .
there is [so] no reason why institutional behaviour should induce short-term behaviour in management .

Wallace Ellwood 's plan had been a loose one : find out how great a risk Annie Roland might be and act accordingly .
wallace ellwood 's plan had been a loose one : find out how great a risk annie roland might be and act [so] .

There is , accordingly , no separation of powers in the United Kingdom as Montesquieu expressed the doctrine .
there is , [so] , no separation of powers in the united kingdom as montesquieu expressed the doctrine .

Upon which Letters Elections haveing been accordingly made .
upon which letters elections haveing been [so] made .

And the said Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons doe pray the said Prince and Princesse of Orange to accept the same accordingly …
and the said lords spirituall and temporall and commons doe pray the said prince and princesse of orange to accept the same [so] …

Upon which their said Majestyes did accept the crowne and Royall dignitie of the kingdoms of England France and Ireland and the dominions there unto belonging … And thereupon their Majestyes were pleased that the said lords spirituall and temporall and commons being the two Houses of Parlyament should continue to sitt and with their Majesty 's Roy all concurrence make effectuall provision for the settlement of the religion lawes and liberties of this king dome soe that the same for the future might not be in danger againe of being subverted , to which the said lords spirituall and temporall and commons did agree and proceede to act accordingly .
upon which their said majestyes did accept the crowne and royall dignitie of the kingdoms of england france and ireland and the dominions there unto belonging … and thereupon their majestyes were pleased that the said lords spirituall and temporall and commons being the two houses of parlyament should continue to sitt and with their majesty 's roy all concurrence make effectuall provision for the settlement of the religion lawes and liberties of this king dome soe that the same for the future might not be in danger againe of being subverted , to which the said lords spirituall and temporall and commons did agree and proceede to act [so] .

Accordingly , France recognised the Republic ‘ as a free State , having its government , its parliament , its army and its finances and as part of the Federation of Indo-China and of the French Union ’ .
[so] , france recognised the republic ‘ as a free state , having its government , its parliament , its army and its finances and as part of the federation of indo-china and of the french union ’ .

For many writers , the investigation of manufacturing decline stops here , and they propose solutions accordingly .
for many writers , the investigation of manufacturing decline stops here , and they propose solutions [so] .

If all social life depends upon the existence of some son of culture , common sense and practical knowledge , then , accordingly , social representations will be found in all social contexts .
if all social life depends upon the existence of some son of culture , common sense and practical knowledge , then , [so] , social representations will be found in all social contexts .

All such rights , powers , liabilities , obligations and restrictions from time to time created or arising by or under the Treaties , and all such remedies and procedures from time to time provided for by or under the Treaties , as in accordance with the Treaties are without further enactment to be given legal effect or used in the United Kingdom shall be recognised and available in law , and be enforced , allowed and followed accordingly : and the expression ‘ enforceable Community right ’ and similar expressions shall be read as referring to one to which this subsection applies .
all such rights , powers , liabilities , obligations and restrictions from time to time created or arising by or under the treaties , and all such remedies and procedures from time to time provided for by or under the treaties , as in accordance with the treaties are without further enactment to be given legal effect or used in the united kingdom shall be recognised and available in law , and be enforced , allowed and followed [so] : and the expression ‘ enforceable community right ’ and similar expressions shall be read as referring to one to which this subsection applies .

Accordingly the Council Directive could be relied upon by the applicant against the health authority .
[so] the council directive could be relied upon by the applicant against the health authority .

Held , allowing the appeal and substituting a period of postponement not to exceed six months ( Sir George Waller dissenting ) , that for the purposes of making an order for sale in favour of a trustee in bankruptcy under s. 30 of the Law of Property Act 1925 no distinction was to be made between a case where a property was being enjoyed as the matrimonial home and one where it had ceased to be so used ; that where a spouse , having a beneficial interest in such property , had become bankrupt , the interests of the creditors would usually prevail over the interests of the other spouse and a sale of the property ordered within a short period ; that only in exceptional circumstances , more than the ordinary consequences of debt and improvidence , could the interests of the other spouse prevail so as to enable an order for sale to be postponed for a substantial period ; and that , accordingly , since the circumstances of the wives and their children , albeit distressing , were not exceptional , the order sought by the trustee should be made .
held , allowing the appeal and substituting a period of postponement not to exceed six months ( sir george waller dissenting ) , that for the purposes of making an order for sale in favour of a trustee in bankruptcy under s. 30 of the law of property act 1925 no distinction was to be made between a case where a property was being enjoyed as the matrimonial home and one where it had ceased to be so used ; that where a spouse , having a beneficial interest in such property , had become bankrupt , the interests of the creditors would usually prevail over the interests of the other spouse and a sale of the property ordered within a short period ; that only in exceptional circumstances , more than the ordinary consequences of debt and improvidence , could the interests of the other spouse prevail so as to enable an order for sale to be postponed for a substantial period ; and that , [so] , since the circumstances of the wives and their children , albeit distressing , were not exceptional , the order sought by the trustee should be made .

Accordingly , at the time of the accident the deceased was a lawful visitor on the premises , since the brewery had not given the deceased any indication that the permission they had given him to be on the premises expired at 10.30 p.m .
[so] , at the time of the accident the deceased was a lawful visitor on the premises , since the brewery had not given the deceased any indication that the permission they had given him to be on the premises expired at 10.30 p.m .

Everybody responds accordingly .
everybody responds [so] .

Accordingly , the design of standards and the securing of compliance are matters for the dispassionate application of scientifically-derived principles ; and the formal legal process is the primary instrument by which control is to be maintained .
[so] , the design of standards and the securing of compliance are matters for the dispassionate application of scientifically-derived principles ; and the formal legal process is the primary instrument by which control is to be maintained .

The job , accordingly , is one in which qualities of initiative and the ability to make decisions on the spot are prized — just as a policeman must be able to ‘ handle a situation ’ ( Wilson , 1968:31 ) .
the job , [so] , is one in which qualities of initiative and the ability to make decisions on the spot are prized — just as a policeman must be able to ‘ handle a situation ’ ( wilson , 1968:31 ) .

An important task for the area officer , accordingly , is to represent and interpret the views of junior officials to seniors , and vice versa .
an important task for the area officer , [so] , is to represent and interpret the views of junior officials to seniors , and vice versa .

Since pollution is noticeable to others , and not necessarily at its source , it is suited to reactive methods of enforcement and field staff are accordingly sensitive to the need to respond to complaints .
since pollution is noticeable to others , and not necessarily at its source , it is suited to reactive methods of enforcement and field staff are [so] sensitive to the need to respond to complaints .

Enforcement agents , accordingly , organize intelligence systems to circumvent these problems ; in fact much of an officer 's time is devoted to the discovery of pollution .
enforcement agents , [so] , organize intelligence systems to circumvent these problems ; in fact much of an officer 's time is devoted to the discovery of pollution .

Field men accordingly keep a check on water quality in general and the activities of certain dischargers in particular by regular sampling and surveillance of watercourses and effluents .
field men [so] keep a check on water quality in general and the activities of certain dischargers in particular by regular sampling and surveillance of watercourses and effluents .

To the Great House accordingly they went , to sit the full half hour in the oldfashioned square parlour , with a small carpet and a shining floor , to which the present daughters of the house were gradually giving the proper air of confusion by a grand piano forte and a harp , flower-stands and little tables placed in every direction .
to the great house [so] they went , to sit the full half hour in the oldfashioned square parlour , with a small carpet and a shining floor , to which the present daughters of the house were gradually giving the proper air of confusion by a grand piano forte and a harp , flower-stands and little tables placed in every direction .

The balance within the curriculum and the emphasis in teaching it now need to alter accordingly .
the balance within the curriculum and the emphasis in teaching it now need to alter [so] .

Accordingly , curriculum development involves specifying educational goals and selecting appropriate learning contexts in which those goals can be pursued .
[so] , curriculum development involves specifying educational goals and selecting appropriate learning contexts in which those goals can be pursued .

The revenue on the other hand contend that the ‘ expense incurred in or in connection with ’ the provision of education for the children of the taxpayers was exactly the same as the expense incurred in or in connection with the education of all other pupils at the school and accordingly the expense of educating any one child is a proportionate part of the cost of running the whole school .
the revenue on the other hand contend that the ‘ expense incurred in or in connection with ’ the provision of education for the children of the taxpayers was exactly the same as the expense incurred in or in connection with the education of all other pupils at the school and [so] the expense of educating any one child is a proportionate part of the cost of running the whole school .

Accordingly in my judgment the use of clear ministerial statements by the court as a guide to the construction of ambiguous legislation would not contravene article 9 .
[so] in my judgment the use of clear ministerial statements by the court as a guide to the construction of ambiguous legislation would not contravene article 9 .

Accordingly , in my judgment we have in this case a clear statement by the responsible minister stating the effect of the ambiguous words used in what became section 63 of the Act of 1976 which the Parliamentary history shows to have been the basis on which that section was enacted .
[so] , in my judgment we have in this case a clear statement by the responsible minister stating the effect of the ambiguous words used in what became section 63 of the act of 1976 which the parliamentary history shows to have been the basis on which that section was enacted .

Accordingly , if the nature of the privilege going beyond the Bill of Rights had been identified , your Lordships could have determined whether or not such privilege exists , although it would be for the House of Commons to determine whether or not there was an infringement of any privilege found to exist .
[so] , if the nature of the privilege going beyond the bill of rights had been identified , your lordships could have determined whether or not such privilege exists , although it would be for the house of commons to determine whether or not there was an infringement of any privilege found to exist .

Accordingly , agency and casual workers are excluded from the rights accorded to most workers under employment protection legislation [ see Chapters 5 and 6 ] .
[so] , agency and casual workers are excluded from the rights accorded to most workers under employment protection legislation [ see chapters 5 and 6 ] .

He petitioned the visitor of the university for a declaration that such purported dismissal was contrary to section 34 so as to be ultra vires the university 's powers and accordingly invalid .
he petitioned the visitor of the university for a declaration that such purported dismissal was contrary to section 34 so as to be ultra vires the university 's powers and [so] invalid .

Its purported ‘ determination , ’ not being ‘ a determination ’ within the meaning of the empowering legislation , was accordingly a nullity .
its purported ‘ determination , ’ not being ‘ a determination ’ within the meaning of the empowering legislation , was [so] a nullity .

Its purported ‘ determination , ’ not being a ‘ determination ’ within the meaning of the empowering legislation , was accordingly a nullity .
its purported ‘ determination , ’ not being a ‘ determination ’ within the meaning of the empowering legislation , was [so] a nullity .

Accordingly , in my judgment , her claim falls within the exclusive jurisdiction of the visitor , subject always to judicial review .
[so] , in my judgment , her claim falls within the exclusive jurisdiction of the visitor , subject always to judicial review .

As the day progresses , the angle between the food source and the sun alters and the direction given in the bee 's dance changes accordingly .
as the day progresses , the angle between the food source and the sun alters and the direction given in the bee 's dance changes [so] .

‘ We therefore conclude that there was de facto , albeit voidable contract , between the owners and Ballay ; that it was by virtue of that contract that Ballay took possession of the goods ; that accordingly the transfer of the goods to him was with the consent and express authority of the owner and that accordingly there was no lack of authorisation and no appropriation .
‘ we therefore conclude that there was de facto , albeit voidable contract , between the owners and ballay ; that it was by virtue of that contract that ballay took possession of the goods ; that [so] the transfer of the goods to him was with the consent and express authority of the owner and that [so] there was no lack of authorisation and no appropriation .

Accordingly , reading sections 1 to 6 as a whole , and also taking into account sections 24 ( 4 ) and 28 ( 6 ) and the 1991 amendment , the ordinary and natural meaning of ‘ appropriates ’ in section 1 ( 1 ) is confirmed .
[so] , reading sections 1 to 6 as a whole , and also taking into account sections 24 ( 4 ) and 28 ( 6 ) and the 1991 amendment , the ordinary and natural meaning of ‘ appropriates ’ in section 1 ( 1 ) is confirmed .

We therefore conclude that there was a de facto , albeit voidable contract , between the owners and Ballay ; that it was by virtue of that contract that Ballay took possession of the goods ; that accordingly the transfer of the goods to him was with the consent and express authority of the owner and that accordingly there was no lack of authorisation and no appropriation .
we therefore conclude that there was a de facto , albeit voidable contract , between the owners and ballay ; that it was by virtue of that contract that ballay took possession of the goods ; that [so] the transfer of the goods to him was with the consent and express authority of the owner and that [so] there was no lack of authorisation and no appropriation .

Accordingly , Attorney-General 's Reference ( No .
[so] , attorney-general 's reference ( no .

On the night of 13 May Gen Keightley accordingly sent off two signals to Gen McCreery .
on the night of 13 may gen keightley [so] sent off two signals to gen mccreery .

The corresponding figures have been adjusted accordingly .
the corresponding figures have been adjusted [so] .

The company has not traded during the above financial year , and accordingly no profit and loss account has been prepared for the year .
the company has not traded during the above financial year , and [so] no profit and loss account has been prepared for the year .

10 Decide on the numbers of plants and the seeds required , and order accordingly , unless you are planning to plant up from various sources .
10 decide on the numbers of plants and the seeds required , and order [so] , unless you are planning to plant up from various sources .

Summer savory planted in patches is highly ornamental in flower , being covered with small , light purple flowers for many weeks , and accordingly festooned with bees with which it is very popular .
summer savory planted in patches is highly ornamental in flower , being covered with small , light purple flowers for many weeks , and [so] festooned with bees with which it is very popular .

If this is so , and if there is a sighting or acuity difference between a subject 's left and right eyes , then either the left or the right nasal pathway may be favoured accordingly .
if this is so , and if there is a sighting or acuity difference between a subject 's left and right eyes , then either the left or the right nasal pathway may be favoured [so] .

The chart will be of greater value if you calculate your own normal reading speed and then adjust the relationship between reading speeds and " gears " accordingly .
the chart will be of greater value if you calculate your own normal reading speed and then adjust the relationship between reading speeds and " gears " [so] .

Adjust your reading speed and method accordingly .
adjust your reading speed and method [so] .

( c ) pay attention to mark distribution and allocate examination time ( and proportion of information given ) accordingly .
( c ) pay attention to mark distribution and allocate examination time ( and proportion of information given ) [so] .

He thought he could remember that he and Peter had fastened their rope to a spur or spike of rock and accordingly it was for such a feature that he searched .
he thought he could remember that he and peter had fastened their rope to a spur or spike of rock and [so] it was for such a feature that he searched .

Her evidence was that being interviewed by two senior police officers had put her in considerable fear and trepidation and that her confession was accordingly not a true one .
her evidence was that being interviewed by two senior police officers had put her in considerable fear and trepidation and that her confession was [so] not a true one .

She was advised that formal evidence would have to be called in order for her to form an opinion under section 7 ( 5 ) of the Act of 1976 as to whether the defendant should be remanded in custody or on bail on the same or more stringent conditions , and that accordingly the hearing would in effect be a trial and would require to be heard before at least two justices .
she was advised that formal evidence would have to be called in order for her to form an opinion under section 7 ( 5 ) of the act of 1976 as to whether the defendant should be remanded in custody or on bail on the same or more stringent conditions , and that [so] the hearing would in effect be a trial and would require to be heard before at least two justices .

Accordingly , the justice remanded Mr. Bell in custody until the following Monday .
[so] , the justice remanded mr. bell in custody until the following monday .

She goes on to say that the justices came to the view that the justice on the Friday had had no power to remand Mr. Bell in custody until the Monday , as the remand did not fall within the terms of section 7 ( 5 ) of the Act of 1976 and that , accordingly , they no longer had any jurisdiction to hear the matter .
she goes on to say that the justices came to the view that the justice on the friday had had no power to remand mr. bell in custody until the monday , as the remand did not fall within the terms of section 7 ( 5 ) of the act of 1976 and that , [so] , they no longer had any jurisdiction to hear the matter .

Accordingly , a writ of habeas corpus could not issue ; the appropriate remedy was an application for bail before a judge in chambers .
[so] , a writ of habeas corpus could not issue ; the appropriate remedy was an application for bail before a judge in chambers .

Declaration accordingly .
declaration [so] .

Accordingly , each step in the signalling funnel would have to be relatively permissive in signal reception yet specific in transmission .
[so] , each step in the signalling funnel would have to be relatively permissive in signal reception yet specific in transmission .

Accordingly , an appeal will automatically be allowed if an appeal committee do not consider that to give effect to the preference would result in such prejudice .
[so] , an appeal will automatically be allowed if an appeal committee do not consider that to give effect to the preference would result in such prejudice .

They accordingly reversed the judge 's decision to quash and restored the decisions of the appeal committee in both cases .
they [so] reversed the judge 's decision to quash and restored the decisions of the appeal committee in both cases .

Before that , the Aristotelian paradigm had dictated that there could be no change in the super-lunar region and , accordingly , no change was observed .
before that , the aristotelian paradigm had dictated that there could be no change in the super-lunar region and , [so] , no change was observed .

Since , for the relativist , the criteria for judging the merits of theories will depend on the values or interests of the individual or community entertaining them , the distinction between science and non-science will vary accordingly .
since , for the relativist , the criteria for judging the merits of theories will depend on the values or interests of the individual or community entertaining them , the distinction between science and non-science will vary [so] .

Accordingly , it is not necessary to pay any regard to the Convention .
[so] , it is not necessary to pay any regard to the convention .

Accordingly , in my judgment , the right to freedom of expression does affect the position where the non-trading corporation is a public authority .
[so] , in my judgment , the right to freedom of expression does affect the position where the non-trading corporation is a public authority .

The judge heard argument on each side and , having done so , acceded to the submissions and ordered that the proceedings should accordingly be stayed .
the judge heard argument on each side and , having done so , acceded to the submissions and ordered that the proceedings should [so] be stayed .

Chief Inspector Lovell retired from the police service in August 1988 and the final report was accordingly completed by an Inspector Wyke in September 1988 .
chief inspector lovell retired from the police service in august 1988 and the final report was [so] completed by an inspector wyke in september 1988 .

That argument accordingly fails .
that argument [so] fails .

Opinion accordingly .
opinion [so] .

Accordingly , other provisions of the Act relating to the assessment of benefit , charging orders burdens of proof and enforcement are also applicable .
[so] , other provisions of the act relating to the assessment of benefit , charging orders burdens of proof and enforcement are also applicable .

That is , they regard a novel as the creation of a particular human being , who has a particular vision of the world , which he tries to communicate to his or her readers by employing the codes of narrative and language in a particular way , and is responsible for the novel 's success or failure in this regard , and deserves praise or blame accordingly .
that is , they regard a novel as the creation of a particular human being , who has a particular vision of the world , which he tries to communicate to his or her readers by employing the codes of narrative and language in a particular way , and is responsible for the novel 's success or failure in this regard , and deserves praise or blame [so] .

Order accordingly .
order [so] .

When the Secretary of State proposes to issue a code of practice to which this section applies , he shall prepare and publish a draft of that code , shall consider any representations made to him about the draft and may modify the draft accordingly . …
when the secretary of state proposes to issue a code of practice to which this section applies , he shall prepare and publish a draft of that code , shall consider any representations made to him about the draft and may modify the draft [so] . …

Nevertheless , it is only proper to recognise that this is the ground on which the parties have chosen to engage , and to approach the arguments accordingly .
nevertheless , it is only proper to recognise that this is the ground on which the parties have chosen to engage , and to approach the arguments [so] .

Accordingly , for champions of the traditional liberal view , the main aim of this recent scholarship ‘ is to re-establish the old pro-Bolshevik legends about the period .
[so] , for champions of the traditional liberal view , the main aim of this recent scholarship ‘ is to re-establish the old pro-bolshevik legends about the period .

Accordingly , the ideologies they adopted were divorced from reality .
[so] , the ideologies they adopted were divorced from reality .

Popular support for the Mensheviks shrivelled accordingly .
popular support for the mensheviks shrivelled [so] .

It is equally convenient for us to divide this chapter accordingly .
it is equally convenient for us to divide this chapter [so] .

The Old Ones never appear in person , so we do n't have to worry about them anyway , but a cultist who only believes he has their powers or blessings and acts accordingly is just as dangerous as one who genuinely has their powers and blessings .
the old ones never appear in person , so we do n't have to worry about them anyway , but a cultist who only believes he has their powers or blessings and acts [so] is just as dangerous as one who genuinely has their powers and blessings .

By taking responsibility themselves for stock checking their titles with Dillons stores and reordering accordingly , publishers hope to boost their presence across the group .
by taking responsibility themselves for stock checking their titles with dillons stores and reordering [so] , publishers hope to boost their presence across the group .

Another indicator for the future of the book is a growing commitment across all age groups to lifelong self-improvement and a recognition in influential groups such as government and the media that the role of the book is not purely commercial , and that it conveys other advantages to society and must be regarded accordingly .
another indicator for the future of the book is a growing commitment across all age groups to lifelong self-improvement and a recognition in influential groups such as government and the media that the role of the book is not purely commercial , and that it conveys other advantages to society and must be regarded [so] .

So , too , in Ponting v. Noakes , the plaintiff 's horse reached over the defendant 's boundary , nibbled some poisonous tree there and died accordingly , and it was held that the plaintiff could recover nothing , for the damage was due to the horse 's own intrusion and , alternatively , there had been no escape of the vegetation .
so , too , in ponting v. noakes , the plaintiff 's horse reached over the defendant 's boundary , nibbled some poisonous tree there and died [so] , and it was held that the plaintiff could recover nothing , for the damage was due to the horse 's own intrusion and , alternatively , there had been no escape of the vegetation .

Accordingly the Royal Commission on Civil Liability and Compensation for Personal Injury recommended a different approach ( but only for death or personal injury ) in the form of a parent statute which would empower a Minister to ‘ list ’ dangerous things or activities as giving rise to strict liability .
[so] the royal commission on civil liability and compensation for personal injury recommended a different approach ( but only for death or personal injury ) in the form of a parent statute which would empower a minister to ‘ list ’ dangerous things or activities as giving rise to strict liability .

To the extent that these regulations impose absolute duties they may , accordingly , provide any persons injured thereby with an effective civil remedy .
to the extent that these regulations impose absolute duties they may , [so] , provide any persons injured thereby with an effective civil remedy .

Accordingly , to deal with this situation , the Act provides that an ‘ action lies in conversion for loss or destruction of goods which a bailee has allowed to happen in breach of his duty to his bailor ( that is to say it lies in a case which is not otherwise conversion , but would have been detinue before detinue was abolished ) .
[so] , to deal with this situation , the act provides that an ‘ action lies in conversion for loss or destruction of goods which a bailee has allowed to happen in breach of his duty to his bailor ( that is to say it lies in a case which is not otherwise conversion , but would have been detinue before detinue was abolished ) .

Accordingly , he ‘ did up ’ the car ( then worth £20 ) at a cost of £85 and then sold it for £100 .
[so] , he ‘ did up ’ the car ( then worth £20 ) at a cost of £85 and then sold it for £100 .

Accordingly , makers and dealers in ‘ bootleg ’ recordings did not commit this tort even though their activities very seriously affected the value of a contract giving a recording company the exclusive right to exploit live performances .
[so] , makers and dealers in ‘ bootleg ’ recordings did not commit this tort even though their activities very seriously affected the value of a contract giving a recording company the exclusive right to exploit live performances .

’ Accordingly , since the case was to be decided on the factual assumption that the purpose of Shell and others in combining to contravene the sanctions order was to forward their own commercial interests , not injure those of Lonrho , no matter how likely or foreseeable such injury might be , the claim in conspiracy failed .
’ [so] , since the case was to be decided on the factual assumption that the purpose of shell and others in combining to contravene the sanctions order was to forward their own commercial interests , not injure those of lonrho , no matter how likely or foreseeable such injury might be , the claim in conspiracy failed .

Accordingly , social policy need not be interpreted in terms either of the continuous evolution of a welfare state inspired by humanitarian ideals or of a conspiracy to manipulate a powerless proletariat .
[so] , social policy need not be interpreted in terms either of the continuous evolution of a welfare state inspired by humanitarian ideals or of a conspiracy to manipulate a powerless proletariat .

Accordingly instead of serving the economic function for which they were originally advocated they have been modified to serve the political function of reducing the number of unemployed whilst minimizing intervention in the economy as a whole .
[so] instead of serving the economic function for which they were originally advocated they have been modified to serve the political function of reducing the number of unemployed whilst minimizing intervention in the economy as a whole .

Accordingly , it may be the case that by the time this book is in your hands departments may have new names and policy responsibilities may have been moved from one department to another .
[so] , it may be the case that by the time this book is in your hands departments may have new names and policy responsibilities may have been moved from one department to another .

Third , at federal level the parties are accordingly much less unified by political ideologies .
third , at federal level the parties are [so] much less unified by political ideologies .

Accordingly studies of social policy have conceived of the system as a ‘ mixed economy of welfare ’ .
[so] studies of social policy have conceived of the system as a ‘ mixed economy of welfare ’ .

Accordingly , all authorities must provide facilities for the initial and temporary reception of children with the necessary skilled staff for observing and assessing their physical , mental and emotional condition .
[so] , all authorities must provide facilities for the initial and temporary reception of children with the necessary skilled staff for observing and assessing their physical , mental and emotional condition .

Their powers were accordingly widened by the 1963 Children and Young persons Act , which gave local authorities a duty to prevent and forestall the suffering of children through neglect in their own homes .
their powers were [so] widened by the 1963 children and young persons act , which gave local authorities a duty to prevent and forestall the suffering of children through neglect in their own homes .

There were accordingly several moves to bring services for the young offender closer to those for the deprived child .
there were [so] several moves to bring services for the young offender closer to those for the deprived child .

Accordingly , a substantial number of today 's retirement pensioners need to claim assistance and submit to some form of test of need .
[so] , a substantial number of today 's retirement pensioners need to claim assistance and submit to some form of test of need .

Nevertheless , we need to consider what problems might arise and make provision accordingly , accepting that such provision should be very flexible if it is to cope with the range of need presented by the disabled .
nevertheless , we need to consider what problems might arise and make provision [so] , accepting that such provision should be very flexible if it is to cope with the range of need presented by the disabled .

The needs of the mentally handicapped vary accordingly .
the needs of the mentally handicapped vary [so] .

But it did give considerable encouragement to the growth of services , particularly community services , and to the improvement of public understanding of the problems of mental disorder , and it was , accordingly , widely welcomed .
but it did give considerable encouragement to the growth of services , particularly community services , and to the improvement of public understanding of the problems of mental disorder , and it was , [so] , widely welcomed .

If more were financed privately then taxation could be reduced and incentives increased accordingly .
if more were financed privately then taxation could be reduced and incentives increased [so] .

They are , accordingly , the object of much heated discussion by economists and politicians as well as by social scientists .
they are , [so] , the object of much heated discussion by economists and politicians as well as by social scientists .

Accordingly , efforts have been made by successive governments to halt the growth in public spending .
[so] , efforts have been made by successive governments to halt the growth in public spending .

If you know in advance that some people are hard of hearing you can seat them accordingly .
if you know in advance that some people are hard of hearing you can seat them [so] .

This unit auto-senses the mains voltage , and adjusts accordingly , so is most likely to benefit international travellers .
this unit auto-senses the mains voltage , and adjusts [so] , so is most likely to benefit international travellers .

In each case the primary diagnosis was substance abuse , and initial treatment was given accordingly .
in each case the primary diagnosis was substance abuse , and initial treatment was given [so] .

On the same Conditions yearly as she was keepd the two Last years , He being obliged to ffit her up without Loss of time sufficient in Sails , Rigging & others needfull , And to raise her two planks in the Upper Work , And that the Cabine be raised Accordingly , And that there bees four Beds in said Cabine properly furnished . ``
on the same conditions yearly as she was keepd the two last years , he being obliged to ffit her up without loss of time sufficient in sails , rigging & others needfull , and to raise her two planks in the upper work , and that the cabine be raised [so] , and that there bees four beds in said cabine properly furnished . ``

On the same Conditions yearly as she was keepd the two Last years , He being obliged to ffit her up without Loss of time sufficient in Sails , Rigging & others needfull , And to raise her two planks in the Upper Work , And that the Cabine be raised Accordingly , And that there bees four Beds in said Cabine properly furnished . ``
on the same conditions yearly as she was keepd the two last years , he being obliged to ffit her up without loss of time sufficient in sails , rigging & others needfull , and to raise her two planks in the upper work , and that the cabine be raised [so] , and that there bees four beds in said cabine properly furnished . ``

Editor , — Like hospital doctors , general practitioners have suffered from increasing bureaucracy and public expectation , and workload has increased accordingly .
editor , — like hospital doctors , general practitioners have suffered from increasing bureaucracy and public expectation , and workload has increased [so] .

Accordingly , when the development of deaf education gave rise to controversy , missioners were on the side of the deaf and dumb , supported their aspirations and helped to argue their case .
[so] , when the development of deaf education gave rise to controversy , missioners were on the side of the deaf and dumb , supported their aspirations and helped to argue their case .

The first part of this work will accordingly be aimed at elucidating the totality of Nizan 's experience as a communist writer/intellectual in the political and historical context of interwar French society .
the first part of this work will [so] be aimed at elucidating the totality of nizan 's experience as a communist writer/intellectual in the political and historical context of interwar french society .

Each of the three published novels will accordingly be analysed in three consecutive phases .
each of the three published novels will [so] be analysed in three consecutive phases .

It is maintained , accordingly , that an ontological existent can be fully described and distinguished from any other similar existent in terms of its properties alone , and that its `` relational `` no less than any of its other properties are part of its essential description .
it is maintained , [so] , that an ontological existent can be fully described and distinguished from any other similar existent in terms of its properties alone , and that its `` relational `` no less than any of its other properties are part of its essential description .

It is sometimes claimed , and more often tacitly assumed , that spatio-temporal relations belong in this category , and that , accordingly , relational expressions such as `` to the left of `` , `` before `` , etc should be treated as logically basic simple symbols .
it is sometimes claimed , and more often tacitly assumed , that spatio-temporal relations belong in this category , and that , [so] , relational expressions such as `` to the left of `` , `` before `` , etc should be treated as logically basic simple symbols .

Suppose that x and y are numbers , such that x is greater than y ; then it would appear that there is no conceivable way in which such a relation could be reduced to qualitative properties of one kind or another , and re-expressed , accordingly , in a form that does not require the existence of both its terms .
suppose that x and y are numbers , such that x is greater than y ; then it would appear that there is no conceivable way in which such a relation could be reduced to qualitative properties of one kind or another , and re-expressed , [so] , in a form that does not require the existence of both its terms .

Accordingly , the central task presents itself as one of deciding just what kind of thing experiences are .
[so] , the central task presents itself as one of deciding just what kind of thing experiences are .

Accordingly , we are still unable to define the origin of mitochondrial introns and their distribution throughout eukaryotes .
[so] , we are still unable to define the origin of mitochondrial introns and their distribution throughout eukaryotes .

Juniors must be paid appropriately for the hours that they work : if they are getting only three hours ' rest at night they are working the equivalent of a partial shift and should be paid accordingly .
juniors must be paid appropriately for the hours that they work : if they are getting only three hours ' rest at night they are working the equivalent of a partial shift and should be paid [so] .

If the patient complains of urgency and urge incontinence but denies any stress incontinence ; if the history and examination yield no other abnormal features ; and if the urine tests negative for protein , glucose , red cells , white cells , and micro-organisms then detrusor instability is the likely diagnosis and the patient should be treated accordingly .
if the patient complains of urgency and urge incontinence but denies any stress incontinence ; if the history and examination yield no other abnormal features ; and if the urine tests negative for protein , glucose , red cells , white cells , and micro-organisms then detrusor instability is the likely diagnosis and the patient should be treated [so] .

It is customary for artists to feel antagonism towards critics , and though Sylvester was welcomed at the Royal College 's Senior Common Room , the painters sometimes joked that they found their ideas a week later in the pages of The Listener translated into the very different language of the critic : Minton , accordingly , coined the term ‘ pre-Sylvestration ’ to refer to this process .
it is customary for artists to feel antagonism towards critics , and though sylvester was welcomed at the royal college 's senior common room , the painters sometimes joked that they found their ideas a week later in the pages of the listener translated into the very different language of the critic : minton , [so] , coined the term ‘ pre-sylvestration ’ to refer to this process .

In the later thirteenth century — partly as an indirect result of legislation , partly the urgent consequence of war — the number of royal clerks multiplied and the king 's need of ecclesiastical patronage grew accordingly .
in the later thirteenth century — partly as an indirect result of legislation , partly the urgent consequence of war — the number of royal clerks multiplied and the king 's need of ecclesiastical patronage grew [so] .

We might even be justified as regarding the end of each sentence as the point at which the sender assesses the effect on a potential receiver , imagines a reply , and adjusts the next sentence accordingly .
we might even be justified as regarding the end of each sentence as the point at which the sender assesses the effect on a potential receiver , imagines a reply , and adjusts the next sentence [so] .

Accordingly , we agree with Morgan that ‘ it is not sentences that have topics , but speakers ’ ( Morgan , 1975 : 434 ) .
[so] , we agree with morgan that ‘ it is not sentences that have topics , but speakers ’ ( morgan , 1975 : 434 ) .

Since the termites are responding not to magnetism but to heat , they build accordingly .
since the termites are responding not to magnetism but to heat , they build [so] .

To all intents and purposes this camera 's output is treated the same as that from any of the cameras down on the studio floor , and can be manipulated accordingly .
to all intents and purposes this camera 's output is treated the same as that from any of the cameras down on the studio floor , and can be manipulated [so] .

One step in the search consists of examining a pile of wooden blocks , and modifying the contents of the sets accordingly .
one step in the search consists of examining a pile of wooden blocks , and modifying the contents of the sets [so] .

The mother and the guardian ad litem agreed that the conditions were met and accordingly there was no contest on the question of whether a care order should be made .
the mother and the guardian ad litem agreed that the conditions were met and [so] there was no contest on the question of whether a care order should be made .

The simple answer is that it can not do so , and the appeal is accordingly allowed and the direction in the order is deleted .
the simple answer is that it can not do so , and the appeal is [so] allowed and the direction in the order is deleted .

The doctor has a professional duty to act in the best interests of his patient and to advise accordingly .
the doctor has a professional duty to act in the best interests of his patient and to advise [so] .

Accordingly the older the child concerned the greater the weight the court should give to its wishes , certainly in the field of medical treatment .
[so] the older the child concerned the greater the weight the court should give to its wishes , certainly in the field of medical treatment .

We are not directly concerned with cases in which the jurisdiction of the court has not been invoked , and in which accordingly the decision on treatment may depend upon the consent of the child or of the parent .
we are not directly concerned with cases in which the jurisdiction of the court has not been invoked , and in which [so] the decision on treatment may depend upon the consent of the child or of the parent .

‘ 1 ( 1 ) If a child is born disabled as the result of such an occurrence before its birth as is mentioned in subsection ( 2 ) below , and a person ( other than the child 's own mother ) is under this section answerable to the child in respect of the occurrence , the child 's disabilities are to be regarded as damage resulting from the wrongful act of that person and actionable accordingly at the suit of the child .
‘ 1 ( 1 ) if a child is born disabled as the result of such an occurrence before its birth as is mentioned in subsection ( 2 ) below , and a person ( other than the child 's own mother ) is under this section answerable to the child in respect of the occurrence , the child 's disabilities are to be regarded as damage resulting from the wrongful act of that person and actionable [so] at the suit of the child .

Accordingly , she was not a legal person to whom a duty of care could be owed .
[so] , she was not a legal person to whom a duty of care could be owed .

‘ Those circumstances , accordingly , constituted a potential relationship capable of imposing a duty on the defendant in relation to the child if and when born .
‘ those circumstances , [so] , constituted a potential relationship capable of imposing a duty on the defendant in relation to the child if and when born .

Order accordingly .
order [so] .

Accordingly in my judgment it is not correct to describe the document as a will at that stage nor can it be said in my judgment that by his signature Mr. Winterbone intended to give effect to the document as any kind of effective document .
[so] in my judgment it is not correct to describe the document as a will at that stage nor can it be said in my judgment that by his signature mr. winterbone intended to give effect to the document as any kind of effective document .

He was accordingly arrested and taken to Vine Street Police Station where he duly provided two specimens of breath in the intoximeter .
he was [so] arrested and taken to vine street police station where he duly provided two specimens of breath in the intoximeter .

This gave rise to the situation contemplated by section 7 ( 3 ) ( b ) where ‘ a reliable device of the type mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) ( a ) above is not available at the police station ’ and accordingly permitted the officer to require a specimen of blood or urine pursuant to section 7 ( 4 ) .
this gave rise to the situation contemplated by section 7 ( 3 ) ( b ) where ‘ a reliable device of the type mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) ( a ) above is not available at the police station ’ and [so] permitted the officer to require a specimen of blood or urine pursuant to section 7 ( 4 ) .

If the driver claims this right and then fails to provide the specimen duly required under section 7 ( 4 ) , the sanction for that failure will be the use in evidence against him of the breath specimen which , ex hypothesi , proves an excess of alcohol above the statutory limit and accordingly in such case there will be no need , though it may be theoretically possible , to prosecute for a failure to provide a specimen without reasonable excuse under section 7 ( 6 ) .
if the driver claims this right and then fails to provide the specimen duly required under section 7 ( 4 ) , the sanction for that failure will be the use in evidence against him of the breath specimen which , ex hypothesi , proves an excess of alcohol above the statutory limit and [so] in such case there will be no need , though it may be theoretically possible , to prosecute for a failure to provide a specimen without reasonable excuse under section 7 ( 6 ) .

Accordingly it was held that the breath specimen had been inadmissible in evidence .
[so] it was held that the breath specimen had been inadmissible in evidence .

Accordingly article 12 comes into operation and renders it mandatory for the court to order the return of the child forthwith .
[so] article 12 comes into operation and renders it mandatory for the court to order the return of the child forthwith .

Accordingly , the action against the manufacturers was not time barred .
[so] , the action against the manufacturers was not time barred .

‘ So here the wisdom of the common law lies in this , that it holds the breach of duty to be , not the carelessness in manufacture , nor the putting into circulation of a faulty machine , but the wrongful infliction of damage : and the time accordingly only runs from that date .
‘ so here the wisdom of the common law lies in this , that it holds the breach of duty to be , not the carelessness in manufacture , nor the putting into circulation of a faulty machine , but the wrongful infliction of damage : and the time [so] only runs from that date .

‘ Those circumstances , accordingly , constituted a potential relationship capable of imposing a duty on the defendant in relation to the child if and when born .
‘ those circumstances , [so] , constituted a potential relationship capable of imposing a duty on the defendant in relation to the child if and when born .

He claimed that such irregularities invalidated the order and that it should accordingly be set aside .
he claimed that such irregularities invalidated the order and that it should [so] be set aside .

He reached this conclusion notwithstanding the fact that the defendants had received this information as agents for Mr. Brant and that they owed accordingly a duty to Mr. Brant not to disclose the information to others .
he reached this conclusion notwithstanding the fact that the defendants had received this information as agents for mr. brant and that they owed [so] a duty to mr. brant not to disclose the information to others .

Accordingly in such cases there must be an implied term of the contract with such an agent that he is entitled to act for other principals selling competing properties and to keep confidential the information obtained from each of his principals .
[so] in such cases there must be an implied term of the contract with such an agent that he is entitled to act for other principals selling competing properties and to keep confidential the information obtained from each of his principals .

Accordingly , the concept of matters relating to tort , delict or quasi-delict must be regarded as an autonomous concept which is to be interpreted , for the application of the Convention , principally by reference to the scheme and objectives of the Convention in order to ensure that the latter is given full effect .
[so] , the concept of matters relating to tort , delict or quasi-delict must be regarded as an autonomous concept which is to be interpreted , for the application of the convention , principally by reference to the scheme and objectives of the convention in order to ensure that the latter is given full effect .

Accordingly , there is no possibility that any moneys paid into the account by Barclays Bank Plc .
[so] , there is no possibility that any moneys paid into the account by barclays bank plc .

Since it is a jurisdiction which is central to the administration of justice in the courts of this country , it was accordingly not ‘ a liability to any duty , or any authority or power , not incident to the administration of justice in any court , ’ which was preserved under the new arrangements in 1873 by section 12 of the Act of 1873 without forming part of the new jurisdiction of the High Court .
since it is a jurisdiction which is central to the administration of justice in the courts of this country , it was [so] not ‘ a liability to any duty , or any authority or power , not incident to the administration of justice in any court , ’ which was preserved under the new arrangements in 1873 by section 12 of the act of 1873 without forming part of the new jurisdiction of the high court .

Accordingly , the jurisdiction of the visitors in these matters was a jurisdiction which was transferred to the High Court in 1873 and retained there by section 18(3) of the Act of 1925 and section 10(3) ( b ) of the Act of 1981 .
[so] , the jurisdiction of the visitors in these matters was a jurisdiction which was transferred to the high court in 1873 and retained there by section 18(3) of the act of 1925 and section 10(3) ( b ) of the act of 1981 .

The judge held that the plaintiff had not been entitled to re-enter without execution by warrant and accordingly awarded the defendant damages on the counterclaim .
the judge held that the plaintiff had not been entitled to re-enter without execution by warrant and [so] awarded the defendant damages on the counterclaim .

Accordingly , the tenant whom we are here considering was entitled to the protection of section 3 .
[so] , the tenant whom we are here considering was entitled to the protection of section 3 .

By doing so he was guilty of unlawful eviction and , accordingly , the judge in the court below was right to conclude that this was a case in which the tenant , on her counterclaim , was entitled to damages under section 28 of the Housing Act 1988 .
by doing so he was guilty of unlawful eviction and , [so] , the judge in the court below was right to conclude that this was a case in which the tenant , on her counterclaim , was entitled to damages under section 28 of the housing act 1988 .

‘ ( 1 ) On a taxation of costs on a standard basis there shall be allowed a reasonable amount in respect of all costs reasonably incurred and any doubts which the taxing officer may have as to whether the costs were reasonably incurred or were reasonable in amount shall be resolved in favour of the paying party ; and in these rules the term ‘ the standard basis ' in relation to the taxation of costs shall be construed accordingly .
‘ ( 1 ) on a taxation of costs on a standard basis there shall be allowed a reasonable amount in respect of all costs reasonably incurred and any doubts which the taxing officer may have as to whether the costs were reasonably incurred or were reasonable in amount shall be resolved in favour of the paying party ; and in these rules the term ‘ the standard basis ' in relation to the taxation of costs shall be construed [so] .

( 2 ) On a taxation on the indemnity basis all costs shall be allowed except in so far as they are of an unreasonable amount or have been unreasonably incurred and any doubts which the taxing officer may have as to whether the costs were reasonably incurred or were reasonable in amount shall be resolved in favour of the receiving party ; and in these rules the term ‘ the indemnity basis ' in relation to the taxation of costs shall be construed accordingly .
( 2 ) on a taxation on the indemnity basis all costs shall be allowed except in so far as they are of an unreasonable amount or have been unreasonably incurred and any doubts which the taxing officer may have as to whether the costs were reasonably incurred or were reasonable in amount shall be resolved in favour of the receiving party ; and in these rules the term ‘ the indemnity basis ' in relation to the taxation of costs shall be construed [so] .

Accordingly , we would construe the guarantee and debenture in the same way that we have construed the mortgage deeds .
[so] , we would construe the guarantee and debenture in the same way that we have construed the mortgage deeds .

Accordingly , in our judgment , the defendants remain entitled on the taking of the account to their costs on an indemnity basis .
[so] , in our judgment , the defendants remain entitled on the taking of the account to their costs on an indemnity basis .

Madame Bihi claims no personal interest in the money in court and accordingly the only locus standi that she can have is as a person who is entitled to represent the Republic of Somalia in this court .
madame bihi claims no personal interest in the money in court and [so] the only locus standi that she can have is as a person who is entitled to represent the republic of somalia in this court .

On 5 August 1991 , the Foreign and Commonwealth Office wrote to Crossman Block confirming that the practice of Her Majesty 's Government was to recognise states not governments and that , accordingly , ‘ The question of whether to recognise the purported ‘ interim government ’ in Mogadishu thus does not arise for us .
on 5 august 1991 , the foreign and commonwealth office wrote to crossman block confirming that the practice of her majesty 's government was to recognise states not governments and that , [so] , ‘ the question of whether to recognise the purported ‘ interim government ’ in mogadishu thus does not arise for us .

Accordingly , if the question before the court is to be decided on the basis of the attitude adopted by Her Majesty 's Government , an order can not be made in favour of the interim government or Crossman Block .
[so] , if the question before the court is to be decided on the basis of the attitude adopted by her majesty 's government , an order can not be made in favour of the interim government or crossman block .

Accordingly , if the interim government is to be treated as the Government of Somalia , it must be able to show that it is exercising administrative control over the territory of the Republic .
[so] , if the interim government is to be treated as the government of somalia , it must be able to show that it is exercising administrative control over the territory of the republic .

Accordingly , that argument must fail .
[so] , that argument must fail .

Accordingly , the factors to be taken into account in deciding whether a government exists as the government of a state are : ( a ) whether it is the constitutional government of the state ; ( b ) the degree , nature and stability of administrative control , if any , that it of itself exercises over the territory of the state ; ( c ) whether Her Majesty 's Government has any dealings with it and if so what is the nature of those dealings ; and ( d ) in marginal cases , the extent of international recognition that it has as the government of the state .
[so] , the factors to be taken into account in deciding whether a government exists as the government of a state are : ( a ) whether it is the constitutional government of the state ; ( b ) the degree , nature and stability of administrative control , if any , that it of itself exercises over the territory of the state ; ( c ) whether her majesty 's government has any dealings with it and if so what is the nature of those dealings ; and ( d ) in marginal cases , the extent of international recognition that it has as the government of the state .

Accordingly the court must conclude that Crossman Block does not at present have the authority of the Republic of Somalia to receive and deal with the property of the Republic .
[so] the court must conclude that crossman block does not at present have the authority of the republic of somalia to receive and deal with the property of the republic .

Order accordingly .
order [so] .

By a notice of appeal dated 1 March 1991 the defendant appealed on the grounds , inter alia , ( 1 ) that the donee of the power of appointment , the defendant 's mother , Mrs. Mary Steed , did not know that she had been appointed attorney by the defendant and accordingly could not have known that she had any power to deal with his property when she executed the transfer of 4 September 1979 , and that in those circumstances the plea of non est factum ought to have succeeded on the judge 's finding that the donee was tricked into signing the transfer ; ( 2 ) the judge having rightly concluded that the transaction as affected was not a sale , save possibly at such a gross undervalue as to vitiate it as a sale , should therefore have held that the transfer was void and ineffective ; ( 3 ) the judge having rightly concluded that he retained a discretion to rectify the charges register against the registered holder , notwithstanding , as he found , that ( i ) the title of the mortgagors , Mr. and Mrs. Hammond , was merely voidable and not void , and ( ii ) that the registered holders of the charge were bona fide mortgagees for value without notice of the facts giving rise to voidability , then wrongly exercised his discretion to refuse to rectify since the considerations in favour of rectification could hardly have been stronger and his refusal to exercise his discretion was tantamount to denying the effective existence of such discretion , as if it was not exercised on the facts of this case it could never , or virtually never , be exercised at all ; and that , in the premises , the judge had erred in law in placing excessive reliance upon ( i ) and ( ii ) above to the exclusion of the other considerations which favoured rectification .
by a notice of appeal dated 1 march 1991 the defendant appealed on the grounds , inter alia , ( 1 ) that the donee of the power of appointment , the defendant 's mother , mrs. mary steed , did not know that she had been appointed attorney by the defendant and [so] could not have known that she had any power to deal with his property when she executed the transfer of 4 september 1979 , and that in those circumstances the plea of non est factum ought to have succeeded on the judge 's finding that the donee was tricked into signing the transfer ; ( 2 ) the judge having rightly concluded that the transaction as affected was not a sale , save possibly at such a gross undervalue as to vitiate it as a sale , should therefore have held that the transfer was void and ineffective ; ( 3 ) the judge having rightly concluded that he retained a discretion to rectify the charges register against the registered holder , notwithstanding , as he found , that ( i ) the title of the mortgagors , mr. and mrs. hammond , was merely voidable and not void , and ( ii ) that the registered holders of the charge were bona fide mortgagees for value without notice of the facts giving rise to voidability , then wrongly exercised his discretion to refuse to rectify since the considerations in favour of rectification could hardly have been stronger and his refusal to exercise his discretion was tantamount to denying the effective existence of such discretion , as if it was not exercised on the facts of this case it could never , or virtually never , be exercised at all ; and that , in the premises , the judge had erred in law in placing excessive reliance upon ( i ) and ( ii ) above to the exclusion of the other considerations which favoured rectification .

Order accordingly .
order [so] .

Declaration accordingly .
declaration [so] .

Accordingly the judge should have limited considerations of welfare to the criteria for ‘ welfare ’ laid down by the Convention itself .
[so] the judge should have limited considerations of welfare to the criteria for ‘ welfare ’ laid down by the convention itself .

In his well argued submissions Mr. Wall submitted that the discretion conferred on the court by article 13 ( a ) of the Convention is a discretion to be exercised ( a ) within the context of the purpose and principles laid down by the Convention and ( b ) by applying the criteria contained within the Convention itself , and that it is accordingly not a discretion to exercise the inherent jurisdiction of the court in wardship or under the Children Act 1989 so as to act in what the court perceives to be the best interests of the child .
in his well argued submissions mr. wall submitted that the discretion conferred on the court by article 13 ( a ) of the convention is a discretion to be exercised ( a ) within the context of the purpose and principles laid down by the convention and ( b ) by applying the criteria contained within the convention itself , and that it is [so] not a discretion to exercise the inherent jurisdiction of the court in wardship or under the children act 1989 so as to act in what the court perceives to be the best interests of the child .

By a notice of appeal dated 22 July 1991 the administrators appealed on the grounds , inter alia , that ( 1 ) the judge had erred in law in holding that the court had no jurisdiction to make any order under section 238 of the Act of 1986 against the bank ; ( 2 ) the judge should have held that the words ‘ any person ’ in section 238 meant ( in the case of a company ) any company , whether or not registered in England and Wales , or having a place of business in England and Wales , or carrying on business in England and Wales at the time of the transaction complained of ; alternatively , that those words ( in the case of a company ) meant any company with a sufficient connection with England and Wales : and that , on the facts of the case , there was a sufficient connection ; and in either case the court accordingly had jurisdiction to entertain the originating application against the bank , and to grant leave under rule 12.12 of the Insolvency Rules 1986 to serve the bank in Jersey ; and ( 3 ) in construing section 238 of the Act of 1986 the judge had erred in failing ( i ) to hold that the bank , even though a Jersey company , was within the class of persons with respect to whom Parliament was to be presumed to be legislating in section 238 ; ( ii ) to give any or any sufficient weight to the mischief which the section was intended to remedy , and/or to the disastrous practical consequences for all insolvencies with any international element if the operation of the section were limited to those within England and Wales at the time of the transaction complained of ; ( iii ) to give any or any sufficient weight to the legislative context of the section and related sections ; and ( iv ) to give any or any sufficient weight to the fact that the transactions dealt with by the sections necessarily had a connection with England and Wales in that they involved a disposition of the property of a person or company the subject of insolvency proceedings before the courts of England and Wales .
by a notice of appeal dated 22 july 1991 the administrators appealed on the grounds , inter alia , that ( 1 ) the judge had erred in law in holding that the court had no jurisdiction to make any order under section 238 of the act of 1986 against the bank ; ( 2 ) the judge should have held that the words ‘ any person ’ in section 238 meant ( in the case of a company ) any company , whether or not registered in england and wales , or having a place of business in england and wales , or carrying on business in england and wales at the time of the transaction complained of ; alternatively , that those words ( in the case of a company ) meant any company with a sufficient connection with england and wales : and that , on the facts of the case , there was a sufficient connection ; and in either case the court [so] had jurisdiction to entertain the originating application against the bank , and to grant leave under rule 12.12 of the insolvency rules 1986 to serve the bank in jersey ; and ( 3 ) in construing section 238 of the act of 1986 the judge had erred in failing ( i ) to hold that the bank , even though a jersey company , was within the class of persons with respect to whom parliament was to be presumed to be legislating in section 238 ; ( ii ) to give any or any sufficient weight to the mischief which the section was intended to remedy , and/or to the disastrous practical consequences for all insolvencies with any international element if the operation of the section were limited to those within england and wales at the time of the transaction complained of ; ( iii ) to give any or any sufficient weight to the legislative context of the section and related sections ; and ( iv ) to give any or any sufficient weight to the fact that the transactions dealt with by the sections necessarily had a connection with england and wales in that they involved a disposition of the property of a person or company the subject of insolvency proceedings before the courts of england and wales .

Order accordingly .
order [so] .

The company 's account was , accordingly , in April 1987 transferred to the Woolwich branch so as to continue to be supervised by Mr. Tucker .
the company 's account was , [so] , in april 1987 transferred to the woolwich branch so as to continue to be supervised by mr. tucker .

Accordingly Mr. O'Brien 's liability under the guarantee was established by the judgment below .
[so] mr. o'brien 's liability under the guarantee was established by the judgment below .

Accordingly she went with her husband to the bank .
[so] she went with her husband to the bank .

Accordingly , the legislature has provided this extraordinary process so as to enable the requisite information to be obtained .
[so] , the legislature has provided this extraordinary process so as to enable the requisite information to be obtained .

Declaration accordingly .
declaration [so] .

Accordingly , if Mr. Lassman is correct , that kind of activity of going straight to the in-house computer and extracting confidential information from it could be committed with impunity so far as the three offences in this Act are concerned .
[so] , if mr. lassman is correct , that kind of activity of going straight to the in-house computer and extracting confidential information from it could be committed with impunity so far as the three offences in this act are concerned .

Opinion accordingly .
opinion [so] .

‘ Where , in the case of any fishing vessel , the Secretary of State is satisfied that — ( a ) the vessel would be eligible to be registered as a British fishing vessel but for the fact that any particular individual , or ( as the case may be ) each of a number of particular individuals , is not a British citizen ( and is accordingly not a qualified person ) , and ( b ) it would be appropriate to dispense with the requirement of British citizenship in the case of that individual or those individuals , in view of the length of time he has or they have resided in the United Kingdom and been involved in the fishing industry of the United Kingdom , the Secretary of State may determine that that requirement should be so dispensed with ; and , if he does so , the vessel shall , so long as paragraph ( a ) above applies to it and any such determination remains in force , be treated for the purposes of this Part as eligible to be registered as a British fishing vessel .
‘ where , in the case of any fishing vessel , the secretary of state is satisfied that — ( a ) the vessel would be eligible to be registered as a british fishing vessel but for the fact that any particular individual , or ( as the case may be ) each of a number of particular individuals , is not a british citizen ( and is [so] not a qualified person ) , and ( b ) it would be appropriate to dispense with the requirement of british citizenship in the case of that individual or those individuals , in view of the length of time he has or they have resided in the united kingdom and been involved in the fishing industry of the united kingdom , the secretary of state may determine that that requirement should be so dispensed with ; and , if he does so , the vessel shall , so long as paragraph ( a ) above applies to it and any such determination remains in force , be treated for the purposes of this part as eligible to be registered as a british fishing vessel .

Accordingly , every person received at birth a ‘ domicile of origin ; ’ he might acquire a ‘ domicile of choice ’ in another country only by residing in that country with the intention of remaining there permanently or indefinitely .
[so] , every person received at birth a ‘ domicile of origin ; ’ he might acquire a ‘ domicile of choice ’ in another country only by residing in that country with the intention of remaining there permanently or indefinitely .

‘ In this Act ‘ legally assisted person ’ means any person who receives , under this Act , advice , assistance or representation and , in relation to proceedings , any reference to an assisted party or an unassisted party is to be construed accordingly .
‘ in this act ‘ legally assisted person ’ means any person who receives , under this act , advice , assistance or representation and , in relation to proceedings , any reference to an assisted party or an unassisted party is to be construed [so] .

Order accordingly .
order [so] .

‘ You should be aware that we are presently seeking leave to commence legal proceedings in connection with the Regulations and accordingly this payment is made without prejudice to any right to recover any payments made pursuant to the Regulations which may arise as a result of legal proceedings , or as a result of any future extinguishment or reduction of any liability under the said Regulations or otherwise .
‘ you should be aware that we are presently seeking leave to commence legal proceedings in connection with the regulations and [so] this payment is made without prejudice to any right to recover any payments made pursuant to the regulations which may arise as a result of legal proceedings , or as a result of any future extinguishment or reduction of any liability under the said regulations or otherwise .

’ Accordingly in her opinion the taxpayer should be entitled to succeed .
’ [so] in her opinion the taxpayer should be entitled to succeed .

Accordingly , their Lordships will humbly advise Her Majesty that the appeal should be allowed and the case remitted to the Court of Appeal with the direction that that court should quash the conviction of the defendant and either enter a verdict of acquittal or order a new trial , whichever course it considers proper in the interests of justice .
[so] , their lordships will humbly advise her majesty that the appeal should be allowed and the case remitted to the court of appeal with the direction that that court should quash the conviction of the defendant and either enter a verdict of acquittal or order a new trial , whichever course it considers proper in the interests of justice .

Accordingly , his cause of action for an infringement before the date of sealing accrues at the date of the infringement but can not be enforced until the procedural requirement of sealing is met .
[so] , his cause of action for an infringement before the date of sealing accrues at the date of the infringement but can not be enforced until the procedural requirement of sealing is met .

In answering this question , the coroner must use the ordinary and ‘ natural ’ meaning of the word and act accordingly .
in answering this question , the coroner must use the ordinary and ‘ natural ’ meaning of the word and act [so] .

Accordingly , he granted leave to the foster mother to apply for a residence order in respect of the four children .
[so] , he granted leave to the foster mother to apply for a residence order in respect of the four children .

Accordingly , we should only interfere with his decision if we are satisfied that he applied an incorrect test , or was deprived of material which was necessary for the proper exercise of his discretion or was plainly wrong .
[so] , we should only interfere with his decision if we are satisfied that he applied an incorrect test , or was deprived of material which was necessary for the proper exercise of his discretion or was plainly wrong .

Accordingly he brought a further action , which is the present claim , based on allegations of breach of the agreement embodied in the Tomlin order on 10 June 1989 .
[so] he brought a further action , which is the present claim , based on allegations of breach of the agreement embodied in the tomlin order on 10 june 1989 .

’ Accordingly , whilst a person such as the appellant is not excused from answering any question in those bankruptcy proceedings because of self incrimination , he is protected in ‘ proceedings for an offence under this Act ’ ( i.e .
’ [so] , whilst a person such as the appellant is not excused from answering any question in those bankruptcy proceedings because of self incrimination , he is protected in ‘ proceedings for an offence under this act ’ ( i.e .

Accordingly , the appeal against conviction must be dismissed .
[so] , the appeal against conviction must be dismissed .

Accordingly , the evidence ought to have been excluded either ( a ) pursuant to the common law principles enunciated in Reg .
[so] , the evidence ought to have been excluded either ( a ) pursuant to the common law principles enunciated in reg .

Accordingly , a caution should have been given .
[so] , a caution should have been given .

Accordingly , submitted Mr. Collins , such an undertaking was required to give immediate effect to Community law .
[so] , submitted mr. collins , such an undertaking was required to give immediate effect to community law .

( 5 ) The whole of the evidence sought from Dr. Hayes relates to matters which came to his notice in his capacity as an officer or servant of the Crown and accordingly section 9 ( 4 ) applies .
( 5 ) the whole of the evidence sought from dr. hayes relates to matters which came to his notice in his capacity as an officer or servant of the crown and [so] section 9 ( 4 ) applies .

He accordingly dismissed the applications .
he [so] dismissed the applications .

Order accordingly .
order [so] .

Orders accordingly .
orders [so] .

If the bankrupt fails to do so without reasonable excuse , he is guilty of contempt of court and is liable to be punished accordingly ( s 288 ( 4 ) ) .
if the bankrupt fails to do so without reasonable excuse , he is guilty of contempt of court and is liable to be punished [so] ( s 288 ( 4 ) ) .

However , where any person holds proxies requiring him to vote for the appointment of himself as trustee , he may use those proxies and vote accordingly ( r 8.6 ( 1 ) ) .
however , where any person holds proxies requiring him to vote for the appointment of himself as trustee , he may use those proxies and vote [so] ( r 8.6 ( 1 ) ) .

This will certainly have caused concern in the Middle Ages and some unfortunates may have been considered to be `` possessed `` of evil spirits and treated accordingly .
this will certainly have caused concern in the middle ages and some unfortunates may have been considered to be `` possessed `` of evil spirits and treated [so] .

This jockeying for the truth may be fine for doctors engaged in expensive research , but where exactly does it leave the rest of us , constantly struggling to keep up with the latest medical thinking and changing our diets accordingly .
this jockeying for the truth may be fine for doctors engaged in expensive research , but where exactly does it leave the rest of us , constantly struggling to keep up with the latest medical thinking and changing our diets [so] .

( 1 ) This section shall apply to any premises for which a hotel licence , restricted hotel licence , or restaurant licence is held and to any premises for which a public house licence or refreshment licence is held and in respect of which an application for Sunday opening has been granted under Schedule 4 to this Act if the licence-holder gives notice of the application of the section to the premises in accordance with the provisions of section 58(1) of this Act , and the effect of the application of this section to those premises shall be that , for the purposes mentioned in section 58(3) of this Act , the permitted hours on Sundays shall be extended by , the addition to them of the hours between five and half-past six in the evening , and subsections ( 4 ) , ( 5 ) , ( 6 ) and ( 8 ) of that section shall apply accordingly .
( 1 ) this section shall apply to any premises for which a hotel licence , restricted hotel licence , or restaurant licence is held and to any premises for which a public house licence or refreshment licence is held and in respect of which an application for sunday opening has been granted under schedule 4 to this act if the licence-holder gives notice of the application of the section to the premises in accordance with the provisions of section 58(1) of this act , and the effect of the application of this section to those premises shall be that , for the purposes mentioned in section 58(3) of this act , the permitted hours on sundays shall be extended by , the addition to them of the hours between five and half-past six in the evening , and subsections ( 4 ) , ( 5 ) , ( 6 ) and ( 8 ) of that section shall apply [so] .

( 2 ) This section shall apply to any premises for which a public house licence is held and to which section 59 of this Act applies if the licence holder gives notice of the application of the section to the premises in accordance with the provisions of subsection ( 1 ) of section 59 of this Act , and the effect of the application of this section to those premises shall be that , for the purposes mentioned in subsection ( 3 ) of section 59 of this Act , the permitted hours on Sundays shall be extended by the addition to them of the hours between five and half-past six in the evening , and subsections ( 5 ) to ( 7 ) of that section shall apply accordingly .
( 2 ) this section shall apply to any premises for which a public house licence is held and to which section 59 of this act applies if the licence holder gives notice of the application of the section to the premises in accordance with the provisions of subsection ( 1 ) of section 59 of this act , and the effect of the application of this section to those premises shall be that , for the purposes mentioned in subsection ( 3 ) of section 59 of this act , the permitted hours on sundays shall be extended by the addition to them of the hours between five and half-past six in the evening , and subsections ( 5 ) to ( 7 ) of that section shall apply [so] .

The Bible , accordingly , is the safest place for the Spirit .
the bible , [so] , is the safest place for the spirit .

Accordingly , the purpose of this book is to examine what the Scriptures , particularly in the fuller light afforded by the New Testament , have to teach about the Holy Spirit , and to relate their message to our own situation .
[so] , the purpose of this book is to examine what the scriptures , particularly in the fuller light afforded by the new testament , have to teach about the holy spirit , and to relate their message to our own situation .

Accordingly , they did not shrink from speaking indifferently of ‘ the Spirit of God ’ and ‘ the Spirit of Jesus ’ or ‘ the Spirit of Christ ’ .
[so] , they did not shrink from speaking indifferently of ‘ the spirit of god ’ and ‘ the spirit of jesus ’ or ‘ the spirit of christ ’ .

Accordingly , he begins his Gospel with the story of the baptism of Jesus .
[so] , he begins his gospel with the story of the baptism of jesus .

Accordingly , as he leads up to the day of Pentecost , Luke is at greatest pains to maintain that the Spirit , who equipped Jesus for his mission , equips the disciples to carry it on .
[so] , as he leads up to the day of pentecost , luke is at greatest pains to maintain that the spirit , who equipped jesus for his mission , equips the disciples to carry it on .

The Seven , sometimes improperly called deacons , are accordingly appointed .
the seven , sometimes improperly called deacons , are [so] appointed .

Accordingly , we would see our modelling approach as an input to corporate debates over resource allocation , not as a provider of prescriptive advice .
[so] , we would see our modelling approach as an input to corporate debates over resource allocation , not as a provider of prescriptive advice .

Accordingly , this chapter will attempt to provide a consideration of key matters which describe the organizational context of investment decision-making and the process of managing the changes associated with major investments or strategic moves .
[so] , this chapter will attempt to provide a consideration of key matters which describe the organizational context of investment decision-making and the process of managing the changes associated with major investments or strategic moves .

Bernard , appreciative that Laura in New York would be treated as a queen of design , an extraordinary superwoman who had singlehandedly achieved it all , accordingly decided not to go on this trip .
bernard , appreciative that laura in new york would be treated as a queen of design , an extraordinary superwoman who had singlehandedly achieved it all , [so] decided not to go on this trip .

She had the disagreeable impression that she 'd now well and truly taken the bait , and was to provide entertainment accordingly .
she had the disagreeable impression that she 'd now well and truly taken the bait , and was to provide entertainment [so] .

Accordingly , he removed the caps from the combs of foul brood-ridden larvae .
[so] , he removed the caps from the combs of foul brood-ridden larvae .

They have experienced being fed by herring gulls , and have modified their preference accordingly , in a way that Hailman calls ‘ perceptual sharpening ’ .
they have experienced being fed by herring gulls , and have modified their preference [so] , in a way that hailman calls ‘ perceptual sharpening ’ .

Of course he did not deny that experience does influence the development of some behaviour patterns , and he accordingly divided behaviour patterns into instinctive ( inherited patterns which develop independently of experience ) and learned ( the opposite ) .
of course he did not deny that experience does influence the development of some behaviour patterns , and he [so] divided behaviour patterns into instinctive ( inherited patterns which develop independently of experience ) and learned ( the opposite ) .

Experimenters on pigeons have accordingly searched for a ‘ map sense ’ and a ‘ compass sense ’ in these birds .
experimenters on pigeons have [so] searched for a ‘ map sense ’ and a ‘ compass sense ’ in these birds .

If you remain bareheaded we shall consider the proposition has been rejected and act accordingly .
if you remain bareheaded we shall consider the proposition has been rejected and act [so] .

Kirchhoff reasoned that cooler elements in the outer layers of the Sun would absorb energy according to the same pattern ; and accordingly he identified in the Sun a number of elements found upon the Earth .
kirchhoff reasoned that cooler elements in the outer layers of the sun would absorb energy according to the same pattern ; and [so] he identified in the sun a number of elements found upon the earth .

The principle seems to be that those people exercising substantial responsibility in local government should be paid accordingly .
the principle seems to be that those people exercising substantial responsibility in local government should be paid [so] .

It showed that central government departments , in making and implementing policies , acted largely in isolation from each other and conducted their relationships with local authorities accordingly .
it showed that central government departments , in making and implementing policies , acted largely in isolation from each other and conducted their relationships with local authorities [so] .

They could expect to receive a given level of real resources and plan accordingly for the medium term .
they could expect to receive a given level of real resources and plan [so] for the medium term .

Johnson thereby validated the journey in his reports , and , true enquirer that he was , did not accordingly neglect to report on such a major place as Aberdeen .
johnson thereby validated the journey in his reports , and , true enquirer that he was , did not [so] neglect to report on such a major place as aberdeen .

The staff of the Red Lion became habituated to Paufer 's arrangements ; accordingly they mistakenly served Johnson the kind of secondary food doled out to drunken Paufer .
the staff of the red lion became habituated to paufer 's arrangements ; [so] they mistakenly served johnson the kind of secondary food doled out to drunken paufer .

Accordingly , we are treated to an immediate and excellent example of Johnson 's mind at work .
[so] , we are treated to an immediate and excellent example of johnson 's mind at work .

In June 1960 the United States Treasury advised the companies not to refine Soviet crude , and they accordingly refused to do so , alleging that , without expensive alterations , their refineries would be seriously damaged by any attempt to process the Soviet product .
in june 1960 the united states treasury advised the companies not to refine soviet crude , and they [so] refused to do so , alleging that , without expensive alterations , their refineries would be seriously damaged by any attempt to process the soviet product .

It was a stock reply , one which invited dismissal , and Artai treated it accordingly .
it was a stock reply , one which invited dismissal , and artai treated it [so] .

The Cuban government accordingly voted to exclude the immigrants and ordered the St Louis to leave the island 's territorial waters .
the cuban government [so] voted to exclude the immigrants and ordered the st louis to leave the island 's territorial waters .

As described by one character , this catch-all phrase is ‘ a short way of saying that they do n't claim to find either the ultimate cause or the ultimate cure , but they do know exactly how it functions , and can prescribe accordingly ’ ( 149/151 ) .
as described by one character , this catch-all phrase is ‘ a short way of saying that they do n't claim to find either the ultimate cause or the ultimate cure , but they do know exactly how it functions , and can prescribe [so] ’ ( 149/151 ) .

Accordingly , the five bodies are baptized with the names of famous Blues songs : ‘ Dippermouth ’ , ‘ Gut Bucket ’ , ‘ Potato Head ’ , ‘ Tin Roof ’ , and ‘ Really ’ .
[so] , the five bodies are baptized with the names of famous blues songs : ‘ dippermouth ’ , ‘ gut bucket ’ , ‘ potato head ’ , ‘ tin roof ’ , and ‘ really ’ .

It is too ambitious for a financial organisation to hope to recognise such situations and respond accordingly ?
it is too ambitious for a financial organisation to hope to recognise such situations and respond [so] ?

Furthermore , if the local authority is known to favour particular kinds of programmes , voluntary organisations applying for funds may feel obliged to tailor their applications accordingly .
furthermore , if the local authority is known to favour particular kinds of programmes , voluntary organisations applying for funds may feel obliged to tailor their applications [so] .

Often described simply as brown and used in a rather careless manner , burnt sienna should instead be regarded as a particularly transparent , slightly neutralised orange , and used accordingly .
often described simply as brown and used in a rather careless manner , burnt sienna should instead be regarded as a particularly transparent , slightly neutralised orange , and used [so] .

We know the context in which the reports are compiled and can exercise our judgement accordingly .
we know the context in which the reports are compiled and can exercise our judgement [so] .

The Labour Council — with our support — must ensure that , at least , those who are giving more from smaller incomes will benefit accordingly .
the labour council — with our support — must ensure that , at least , those who are giving more from smaller incomes will benefit [so] .

While his gimlet eye has been fixed upon the Institute 's accounts , it has not been free to rove over his own financial affairs and he has , accordingly , been marked up by the Woolwich Building Society with distressing ease .
while his gimlet eye has been fixed upon the institute 's accounts , it has not been free to rove over his own financial affairs and he has , [so] , been marked up by the woolwich building society with distressing ease .

Do you adapt your skincare routine accordingly ?
do you adapt your skincare routine [so] ?

Town planning stood to gain accordingly , even if the years between the wars showed no great practical advance in the design , layout and building of towns over what had been achieved before .
town planning stood to gain [so] , even if the years between the wars showed no great practical advance in the design , layout and building of towns over what had been achieved before .

Over many years considerable advances had been made in urban environmental quality through better housing , lessening of overcrowding and provision of open space : but national medical standards had not risen accordingly .
over many years considerable advances had been made in urban environmental quality through better housing , lessening of overcrowding and provision of open space : but national medical standards had not risen [so] .

‘ Surely Maurice would have known what it was — and handed it over to the kidnappers accordingly . ’
‘ surely maurice would have known what it was — and handed it over to the kidnappers [so] . ’

Accordingly , he drove Charlotte to his house straight from the Beau Nash .
[so] , he drove charlotte to his house straight from the beau nash .

Accordingly , women may abandon them and try to fit into institutional patterns which make no sense to them but which they are constantly assured are superior .
[so] , women may abandon them and try to fit into institutional patterns which make no sense to them but which they are constantly assured are superior .

There are also people of a naturally equable temperament who intuitively understand the need for preparatory mourning and adjust their lives accordingly .
there are also people of a naturally equable temperament who intuitively understand the need for preparatory mourning and adjust their lives [so] .

Accordingly , in many fields , the conventional idea of a disinterested researcher having his or her own idiosyncratic interest and pursuing it wherever it might lead is a matter of history .
[so] , in many fields , the conventional idea of a disinterested researcher having his or her own idiosyncratic interest and pursuing it wherever it might lead is a matter of history .

There is , accordingly , an element of uncertainty about the educational processes in higher education .
there is , [so] , an element of uncertainty about the educational processes in higher education .

Accordingly , we can say that the academic community stands in a direct relationship to research but in an indirect relationship to higher education .
[so] , we can say that the academic community stands in a direct relationship to research but in an indirect relationship to higher education .

We have , accordingly , a ‘ critical thinking ’ industry , with books and exercises intended to improve individuals ' critical thinking ; and other individuals who profess expertise in the field , and who claim to be able to teach it .
we have , [so] , a ‘ critical thinking ’ industry , with books and exercises intended to improve individuals ' critical thinking ; and other individuals who profess expertise in the field , and who claim to be able to teach it .

Increased page printer speeds are coming slowly , the norm is now 10–15ppm rather than eight , but prices rise accordingly .
increased page printer speeds are coming slowly , the norm is now 10–15ppm rather than eight , but prices rise [so] .

They can take ages to print and most bureau will charge accordingly .
they can take ages to print and most bureau will charge [so] .

Once the software has determined whether the player has actually hit the target or not the game can continue accordingly .
once the software has determined whether the player has actually hit the target or not the game can continue [so] .

He judges subordinates on the basis of their performance , expects them to make mistakes and plans accordingly .
he judges subordinates on the basis of their performance , expects them to make mistakes and plans [so] .

He may also act on the principle that ‘ things have always been done this way ’ and justify his actions accordingly .
he may also act on the principle that ‘ things have always been done this way ’ and justify his actions [so] .

Accordingly , he chartered a vessel to go from Great Yarmouth to Norway early in 1822 , returning in May of that year with a cargo of 300 tons of ice .
[so] , he chartered a vessel to go from great yarmouth to norway early in 1822 , returning in may of that year with a cargo of 300 tons of ice .

Accordingly , he went to Spain when civil war broke out there in July 1936 , to take an active part on the insurgent General Franco 's side , smuggling arms across the Pyrenees , and receiving the Italian medal for valour in action .
[so] , he went to spain when civil war broke out there in july 1936 , to take an active part on the insurgent general franco 's side , smuggling arms across the pyrenees , and receiving the italian medal for valour in action .

It is said that he was of a delicate constitution in early life , and was accordingly placed in the care of his uncle , Mr Greener of Hallgarth , near Winlaton .
it is said that he was of a delicate constitution in early life , and was [so] placed in the care of his uncle , mr greener of hallgarth , near winlaton .

Accordingly , in September 1854 Britain dispatched an expeditionary field force to the Persian port of Bushire , with Rigby as interpreter and , later , superintendent of police — with himself the only policeman in the town .
[so] , in september 1854 britain dispatched an expeditionary field force to the persian port of bushire , with rigby as interpreter and , later , superintendent of police — with himself the only policeman in the town .

Accordingly he left Cambridge and moved to Oxford , spending much of the period between 1681 and 1685 in London , where his brother Jacob was leader of the Sephardi community .
[so] he left cambridge and moved to oxford , spending much of the period between 1681 and 1685 in london , where his brother jacob was leader of the sephardi community .

Accordingly , in 1863 he resigned his appointment and began his search .
[so] , in 1863 he resigned his appointment and began his search .

Accordingly , Gould contested New Shoreham , a venal borough in Sussex , and won it in both of the 1701 elections .
[so] , gould contested new shoreham , a venal borough in sussex , and won it in both of the 1701 elections .

Accordingly , some of the rest of the ingot was made into knife-blades , but they did not appeal to local cutlers because they were hard to forge .
[so] , some of the rest of the ingot was made into knife-blades , but they did not appeal to local cutlers because they were hard to forge .

Accordingly she wrote to her favourite niece Lilian Baylis , then in South Africa , requesting that she should return home to take over the management of the theatre .
[so] she wrote to her favourite niece lilian baylis , then in south africa , requesting that she should return home to take over the management of the theatre .

Where under section 95 , the statutory provisions are validly modified by a company resolution this will equally apply to a contravention of the modified provisions since ‘ sections 89 to 94 have effect accordingly .
where under section 95 , the statutory provisions are validly modified by a company resolution this will equally apply to a contravention of the modified provisions since ‘ sections 89 to 94 have effect [so] .

Accordingly the mortgage was a ‘ debenture ’ for the purposes of section 193 .
[so] the mortgage was a ‘ debenture ’ for the purposes of section 193 .

There are observations of the House of Lords in Hunter v. Hunter to the effect that accordingly the transfer is wholly void even as between the transferor and transferee .
there are observations of the house of lords in hunter v. hunter to the effect that [so] the transfer is wholly void even as between the transferor and transferee .

Such restrictions , which are quite common but strictly construed , limit the company 's actual authority to deal with its assets and accordingly remove the basis on which floating charges are postponed to later charges .
such restrictions , which are quite common but strictly construed , limit the company 's actual authority to deal with its assets and [so] remove the basis on which floating charges are postponed to later charges .

Such an outcome would place priorities on their head and , accordingly , the receiver should be seen as acting in the right of the debentureholder .
such an outcome would place priorities on their head and , [so] , the receiver should be seen as acting in the right of the debentureholder .

Accordingly section 223 ( 4 ) provides that , in relation to one that is not , references to its financial year are to any period in respect of which its constitution or the law under which it is established requires a profit and loss account to be made up .
[so] section 223 ( 4 ) provides that , in relation to one that is not , references to its financial year are to any period in respect of which its constitution or the law under which it is established requires a profit and loss account to be made up .

Accordingly , section 21 states :
[so] , section 21 states :

On the former , it states that internal audit should be involved in the determination of its own priorities , in consultation with management , and the head of internal audit should accordingly have direct access , and freedom to report to all senior management .
on the former , it states that internal audit should be involved in the determination of its own priorities , in consultation with management , and the head of internal audit should [so] have direct access , and freedom to report to all senior management .

Accordingly , we plan to concentrate on geomorphic processes . The emphasis is primarily upon river and slope processes …
[so] , we plan to concentrate on geomorphic processes . the emphasis is primarily upon river and slope processes …

Soviet spokesmen expected the Third World states to form a strong constituency of support for Brezhnev 's plan and they chose their arguments accordingly .
soviet spokesmen expected the third world states to form a strong constituency of support for brezhnev 's plan and they chose their arguments [so] .

Originating in South America , this is very similar to a xylophone , made with wooden bars but with tubular metal resonators fixed underneath each bar and tuned accordingly .
originating in south america , this is very similar to a xylophone , made with wooden bars but with tubular metal resonators fixed underneath each bar and tuned [so] .

Accordingly , shorelines are said to be submergent or emergent depending upon the most strongly marked characteristics present .
[so] , shorelines are said to be submergent or emergent depending upon the most strongly marked characteristics present .

Accordingly it became normal to try to survey erosion terraces and their associated features in the field and this type of investigation illustrates well the desirability of fitting the punishment to the crime , or more prosaically reaching a compromise between accuracy and amount of data .
[so] it became normal to try to survey erosion terraces and their associated features in the field and this type of investigation illustrates well the desirability of fitting the punishment to the crime , or more prosaically reaching a compromise between accuracy and amount of data .

We shall accordingly define the concept , examine its usage , and investigate the sources and limits of power .
we shall [so] define the concept , examine its usage , and investigate the sources and limits of power .

Accordingly a series of steps were taken which aimed to establish an academic culture within which evaluation activities were widespread and respected ; evaluation skills and expertise were readily available ; and evaluation gradually became an expected element in the body of knowledge and skills possessed by professional higher education practitioners .
[so] a series of steps were taken which aimed to establish an academic culture within which evaluation activities were widespread and respected ; evaluation skills and expertise were readily available ; and evaluation gradually became an expected element in the body of knowledge and skills possessed by professional higher education practitioners .

The railway buildings at the hill stations , on the other hand , only expected a European clientele ( together with servants ) and were organized accordingly .
the railway buildings at the hill stations , on the other hand , only expected a european clientele ( together with servants ) and were organized [so] .

Accordingly , in future the limit will rise with increase in the hourly remuneration rates , which should ease the position .
[so] , in future the limit will rise with increase in the hourly remuneration rates , which should ease the position .

The new Legal Aid Board would accordingly be given power to make alternative arrangements for the provision of particular categories of work .
the new legal aid board would [so] be given power to make alternative arrangements for the provision of particular categories of work .

The flaws in some of the ideas put forward by the Board have been cogently exposed , but it has shown a welcome willingness to take account of criticisms and alter its position accordingly .
the flaws in some of the ideas put forward by the board have been cogently exposed , but it has shown a welcome willingness to take account of criticisms and alter its position [so] .

One recommendation is that ‘ Parliamentary Counsel and departmental lawyers should take to heart the criticisms that continue to be made , by those most directly affected , of the style of drafting of statute law , and should review their own drafting styles accordingly .
one recommendation is that ‘ parliamentary counsel and departmental lawyers should take to heart the criticisms that continue to be made , by those most directly affected , of the style of drafting of statute law , and should review their own drafting styles [so] .

‘ All such rights , powers , liabilities , obligations and restrictions from time to time created or arising by or under the Treaties , and all such remedies and procedures from time to time provided for by or under the Treaties , as in accordance with the Treaties are without further enactment to be given legal effect or used in the United Kingdom shall be recognised and available in law , and be enforced , allowed and followed accordingly . ’
‘ all such rights , powers , liabilities , obligations and restrictions from time to time created or arising by or under the treaties , and all such remedies and procedures from time to time provided for by or under the treaties , as in accordance with the treaties are without further enactment to be given legal effect or used in the united kingdom shall be recognised and available in law , and be enforced , allowed and followed [so] . ’

Having examined the parliamentary history of sections 61 and 63 of the Finance Act 1976 , it was held that the parliamentary intention was that in-house benefits should be assessed for income tax on the basis of marginal costs to the employer and not as a proportion of the total costs incurred in providing the service both for the public and the employee ; that this effect applied to the education of the children of teachers who were employees ; and that section 63 of the 1976 Act should be construed accordingly .
having examined the parliamentary history of sections 61 and 63 of the finance act 1976 , it was held that the parliamentary intention was that in-house benefits should be assessed for income tax on the basis of marginal costs to the employer and not as a proportion of the total costs incurred in providing the service both for the public and the employee ; that this effect applied to the education of the children of teachers who were employees ; and that section 63 of the 1976 act should be construed [so] .

More probably he had not yet composed much beyond the opening of the movement ; accordingly , after writing in these first few bars , he left space for the remainder of the movement to be inserted once it was finished , and another copyist took up the task of fair-copying subsequent movements which Purcell had already drafted .
more probably he had not yet composed much beyond the opening of the movement ; [so] , after writing in these first few bars , he left space for the remainder of the movement to be inserted once it was finished , and another copyist took up the task of fair-copying subsequent movements which purcell had already drafted .

People who wanted information from him were noting his silence and making their judgments accordingly ; his life seemed to be funnelling down into a pit like so much waste water , and yet he could n't stir himself to the right kind of action .
people who wanted information from him were noting his silence and making their judgments [so] ; his life seemed to be funnelling down into a pit like so much waste water , and yet he could n't stir himself to the right kind of action .

Accordingly , simple year-on-year comparisons can lead to unreliable conclusions being drawn from the data .
[so] , simple year-on-year comparisons can lead to unreliable conclusions being drawn from the data .

Accordingly , the Board recommends a final dividend payment of 1.0p per ordinary share making a total payment for the year of 3.3p per share .
[so] , the board recommends a final dividend payment of 1.0p per ordinary share making a total payment for the year of 3.3p per share .

Accordingly the loss on disposal of the refining and marketing businesses acquired in 1991 is shown separately .
[so] the loss on disposal of the refining and marketing businesses acquired in 1991 is shown separately .

Accordingly , it is hoped that the above definitions have sufficiently outlined the nature of Catholic Religious and Moral Education as to make it clear that the concepts described in the Arrangements document are an integral part of the content of Catholic religious and moral teaching .
[so] , it is hoped that the above definitions have sufficiently outlined the nature of catholic religious and moral education as to make it clear that the concepts described in the arrangements document are an integral part of the content of catholic religious and moral teaching .

Accordingly , significant changes are taking place in pupils and in their expectations of school .
[so] , significant changes are taking place in pupils and in their expectations of school .

Accordingly , the suggestion in the Arrangements document of ‘ an appropriate balance of whole class teaching , group activities … and individual work ’ ( 4.5 ) is acknowledged as being conducive to the formation of the correct setting so necessary in teenage religious education .
[so] , the suggestion in the arrangements document of ‘ an appropriate balance of whole class teaching , group activities … and individual work ’ ( 4.5 ) is acknowledged as being conducive to the formation of the correct setting so necessary in teenage religious education .

In the area of assessment there has been considerable debate in recent years among Catholic teachers . Accordingly , it is appropriate to note the following :
in the area of assessment there has been considerable debate in recent years among catholic teachers . [so] , it is appropriate to note the following :

Accordingly , it is reasonable that pupils be given the opportunity to attain such certification where it is deemed appropriate .
[so] , it is reasonable that pupils be given the opportunity to attain such certification where it is deemed appropriate .

In recent years , strong parish based courses — especially in preparation for the Sacraments of the Eucharist and Confirmation — have grown up and schools have been happy to change their programme accordingly .
in recent years , strong parish based courses — especially in preparation for the sacraments of the eucharist and confirmation — have grown up and schools have been happy to change their programme [so] .

Accordingly , the company is being transformed , through the implementation of a major worldwide programme adopting an open management style and encouraging the involvement of all employees .
[so] , the company is being transformed , through the implementation of a major worldwide programme adopting an open management style and encouraging the involvement of all employees .

With some of the most innovative marketing , research and new product development programmes of any major brewer , we examine changes at a local level , identify new opportunities and develop and market the products accordingly .
with some of the most innovative marketing , research and new product development programmes of any major brewer , we examine changes at a local level , identify new opportunities and develop and market the products [so] .

Accordingly , they were asked the direct question : `` Would you describe this as science fiction ? ``
[so] , they were asked the direct question : `` would you describe this as science fiction ? ``

Unquoted companies are not subject to such disclosure requirements and accordingly represent a greater risk .
unquoted companies are not subject to such disclosure requirements and [so] represent a greater risk .

If agreement on the price can be reached with the target 's board then that will usually secure their recommendation and the offer will be made accordingly .
if agreement on the price can be reached with the target 's board then that will usually secure their recommendation and the offer will be made [so] .

( a ) because the rights of preference shareholders are subordinated to those of loan stock holders , preference shareholders normally expect a higher yield to reflect the difference in risk . Loan stock may , accordingly , have a lower carrying cost ;
( a ) because the rights of preference shareholders are subordinated to those of loan stock holders , preference shareholders normally expect a higher yield to reflect the difference in risk . loan stock may , [so] , have a lower carrying cost ;

Practitioners will no doubt wish to advise their clients accordingly , seek appropriate indemnities where possible and obtain counsel 's opinion on particular areas of difficulty .
practitioners will no doubt wish to advise their clients [so] , seek appropriate indemnities where possible and obtain counsel 's opinion on particular areas of difficulty .

Accordingly , as much preparatory work as possible should be done in advance .
[so] , as much preparatory work as possible should be done in advance .

( c ) following an approach to the board of the target company , which may or may not lead to an offer , the primary responsibility lies with the board of the target , which must accordingly keep a close watch on its share price .
( c ) following an approach to the board of the target company , which may or may not lead to an offer , the primary responsibility lies with the board of the target , which must [so] keep a close watch on its share price .

1.14 " Working day " means any day on which clearing banks in the City of London are ( or would be but for a strike lock-out or other stoppage affecting such banks generally ) open during banking hours and " working days " shall be construed accordingly
1.14 " working day " means any day on which clearing banks in the city of london are ( or would be but for a strike lock-out or other stoppage affecting such banks generally ) open during banking hours and " working days " shall be construed [so]

It is not reasonable to expect a tenant to have to accept construction works which may differ from those in the building documents and accordingly be less beneficial to the tenant than it may be expecting as a result of what the surveyors may be perceived to notice on an inspection .
it is not reasonable to expect a tenant to have to accept construction works which may differ from those in the building documents and [so] be less beneficial to the tenant than it may be expecting as a result of what the surveyors may be perceived to notice on an inspection .

2.9 If on one or more occasion the carrying out of the Works is delayed in consequence of any circumstance beyond the control of the Landlord which the Landlord could not [ reasonably ] have prevented or avoided then on each such occasion the Landlord shall be allowed such extension of time for carrying out the Works as may be certified by the Architect as being reasonable having regard to the delay in question and the date by which the Landlord is required to carry out the Works as provided in clause 2.8 shall be postponed accordingly The problem here is the uncertainty from the tenant 's point of view , hence the suggestion that there be inserted a long stop date ( see clause 2.8 ) .
2.9 if on one or more occasion the carrying out of the works is delayed in consequence of any circumstance beyond the control of the landlord which the landlord could not [ reasonably ] have prevented or avoided then on each such occasion the landlord shall be allowed such extension of time for carrying out the works as may be certified by the architect as being reasonable having regard to the delay in question and the date by which the landlord is required to carry out the works as provided in clause 2.8 shall be postponed [so] the problem here is the uncertainty from the tenant 's point of view , hence the suggestion that there be inserted a long stop date ( see clause 2.8 ) .

This clause should accordingly be deleted wherever possible .
this clause should [so] be deleted wherever possible .

It is advisable for the precise extent of the centre to be readily identifiable and the tenant should take care to ensure that where there is a right for the landlord to extend or reduce the centre , such extension or reduction does not adversely affect the tenant 's use or occupation of the premises and that there is provision for any specific service charge percentages to be varied accordingly .
it is advisable for the precise extent of the centre to be readily identifiable and the tenant should take care to ensure that where there is a right for the landlord to extend or reduce the centre , such extension or reduction does not adversely affect the tenant 's use or occupation of the premises and that there is provision for any specific service charge percentages to be varied [so] .

3.7 Any part of the Premises that faces onto any of the Common Parts shall be regarded as an external part of the Premises notwithstanding that such part of the Common Parts is covered in and " exterior " " external " and other words to similar effect shall be construed accordingly
3.7 any part of the premises that faces onto any of the common parts shall be regarded as an external part of the premises notwithstanding that such part of the common parts is covered in and " exterior " " external " and other words to similar effect shall be construed [so]

5.8.2 Immediately to repair cleanse maintain and paint the Premises as required by such notice [ 5.8.3 If within [ one month ] of the service of such a notice the Tenant shall not have commenced and be proceeding diligently with the execution of the work referred to in the notice or shall fail to complete the work within [ 2 ] months [ or if in the Landlord 's [ Surveyor 's ] [ reasonable ] opinion the Tenant is unlikely to have completed the work within such period ] to permit the Landlord to enter the Premises to execute such work as may be necessary to comply with the notice and to pay to the Landlord the cost of so doing and all expenses incurred by the Landlord ( including legal costs and Surveyor 's fees ) within [ 14 ] days of a written demand ] While it is recognised that the landlord should have the right to enter the premises from time to time to ensure that the tenant 's covenants have been complied with , this clause could cause severe disruption to the tenant 's business and should be amended accordingly .
5.8.2 immediately to repair cleanse maintain and paint the premises as required by such notice [ 5.8.3 if within [ one month ] of the service of such a notice the tenant shall not have commenced and be proceeding diligently with the execution of the work referred to in the notice or shall fail to complete the work within [ 2 ] months [ or if in the landlord 's [ surveyor 's ] [ reasonable ] opinion the tenant is unlikely to have completed the work within such period ] to permit the landlord to enter the premises to execute such work as may be necessary to comply with the notice and to pay to the landlord the cost of so doing and all expenses incurred by the landlord ( including legal costs and surveyor 's fees ) within [ 14 ] days of a written demand ] while it is recognised that the landlord should have the right to enter the premises from time to time to ensure that the tenant 's covenants have been complied with , this clause could cause severe disruption to the tenant 's business and should be amended [so] .

The tenant should accordingly extend the covenant to include a reference to title paramount .
the tenant should [so] extend the covenant to include a reference to title paramount .

It is accordingly advisable for the lease to contain a right to terminate the lease if reinstatement has not taken place within a reasonable period .
it is [so] advisable for the lease to contain a right to terminate the lease if reinstatement has not taken place within a reasonable period .

This right should accordingly be amended as follows : The right to free passage and running ( subject to temporary interruption for repair alteration or replacement ) of water sewage gas electricity telephone and all other services or supplies to and from the Premises in and through the Pipes that now ( or at any time during the Term ) serve the Premises presently ( or at any time during the Term ) laid in on under or over other parts of the Centre and ( if any ) the Adjoining Property ( in common with the Landlord and other persons having a like right ) together with the right to enter the other parts of the Centre and ( if any ) the Adjoining Property to make connections to the Pipes and to inspect and repair such connections
this right should [so] be amended as follows : the right to free passage and running ( subject to temporary interruption for repair alteration or replacement ) of water sewage gas electricity telephone and all other services or supplies to and from the premises in and through the pipes that now ( or at any time during the term ) serve the premises presently ( or at any time during the term ) laid in on under or over other parts of the centre and ( if any ) the adjoining property ( in common with the landlord and other persons having a like right ) together with the right to enter the other parts of the centre and ( if any ) the adjoining property to make connections to the pipes and to inspect and repair such connections

If so , make a note on your file accordingly , as it is easily overlooked and your buyer client could end up being asked to pay that particular figure twice unless it is taken into account either at exchange of contracts or on completion .
if so , make a note on your file [so] , as it is easily overlooked and your buyer client could end up being asked to pay that particular figure twice unless it is taken into account either at exchange of contracts or on completion .

Accordingly , to overcome this , the seller 's conveyancer should make the search in advance of any sale , supplying it to the buyer , who must then pay the search fee under the Protocol procedure , once contracts have been exchanged .
[so] , to overcome this , the seller 's conveyancer should make the search in advance of any sale , supplying it to the buyer , who must then pay the search fee under the protocol procedure , once contracts have been exchanged .

Remember , if the buyer is borrowing on the security of a mortgage of the registered property , that the buyer is not yet the registered proprietor , and accordingly a land charges search in bankruptcy on the appropriate land charges form should be made against the buyer on behalf of his or her mortgagee in the unregistered Land Charges Register .
remember , if the buyer is borrowing on the security of a mortgage of the registered property , that the buyer is not yet the registered proprietor , and [so] a land charges search in bankruptcy on the appropriate land charges form should be made against the buyer on behalf of his or her mortgagee in the unregistered land charges register .

It 's important to establish the invariable habit of going through replies to all your searches ( the same principle applies to the practical enquiries and requisitions on title ) , ticking each one after you have considered it and found it satisfactory ; if the contrary is the case , or if , for example , some information is disclosed that ought to be passed on to your client , mark it accordingly , and thereafter tick it when you `` ve dealt suitably with the item .
it 's important to establish the invariable habit of going through replies to all your searches ( the same principle applies to the practical enquiries and requisitions on title ) , ticking each one after you have considered it and found it satisfactory ; if the contrary is the case , or if , for example , some information is disclosed that ought to be passed on to your client , mark it [so] , and thereafter tick it when you `` ve dealt suitably with the item .

The judge rejected the defendants ' argument that the information was made publicly available at the race meeting and that they were accordingly free to publish it .
the judge rejected the defendants ' argument that the information was made publicly available at the race meeting and that they were [so] free to publish it .

Accordingly , the rate of turnover of a portfolio investing significantly in futures may quite legitimately be much higher than one would expect of a portfolio investing solely in stocks and shares .
[so] , the rate of turnover of a portfolio investing significantly in futures may quite legitimately be much higher than one would expect of a portfolio investing solely in stocks and shares .

Accordingly , claims by a member firm as to the nature of market practice may not be accepted .
[so] , claims by a member firm as to the nature of market practice may not be accepted .

Accordingly , there are a variety of exceptions to the standard crossing rule .
[so] , there are a variety of exceptions to the standard crossing rule .

Accordingly , look out for College of Law courses which go round the country , and give good basic training and updates .
[so] , look out for college of law courses which go round the country , and give good basic training and updates .

Accordingly a detailed knowledge of the Legal Aid franchising requirements will also be required when setting up your department or when gearing it to expand .
[so] a detailed knowledge of the legal aid franchising requirements will also be required when setting up your department or when gearing it to expand .

In an extremely lucid and original contribution , Mary Louise Pratt suggests that many `` conventions of representation `` cut across the distinction between fictional and non-fictional discourse , and need to be studied accordingly .
in an extremely lucid and original contribution , mary louise pratt suggests that many `` conventions of representation `` cut across the distinction between fictional and non-fictional discourse , and need to be studied [so] .

But once some set of rules has been established in this way , we might well think it more important that these rules be publicly regarded as settled , so that people can plan accordingly , than that they be the best rules that could have been found ; this provides a reason why courts should leave the rule untouched even when they think the wrong choice was made in the first instance . ``
but once some set of rules has been established in this way , we might well think it more important that these rules be publicly regarded as settled , so that people can plan [so] , than that they be the best rules that could have been found ; this provides a reason why courts should leave the rule untouched even when they think the wrong choice was made in the first instance . ``

We should take it as settled that drivers are liable only for such damage as has been explicitly stipulated in clear statutes , so that drivers and potential victims can insure and otherwise plan their affairs accordingly .
we should take it as settled that drivers are liable only for such damage as has been explicitly stipulated in clear statutes , so that drivers and potential victims can insure and otherwise plan their affairs [so] .

‘ Bearing in mind that this is supposed to be a social occasion , make sure that you dress accordingly and choose something suitable … something a woman would wear for a special night out with her lover . ’
‘ bearing in mind that this is supposed to be a social occasion , make sure that you dress [so] and choose something suitable … something a woman would wear for a special night out with her lover . ’

Give credit card details , say ‘ please debit my card accordingly ’ , state whether you want it posted or if youll collect it on the day , and finally give your voice number for them to call ‘ if there are any problems ’ .
give credit card details , say ‘ please debit my card [so] ’ , state whether you want it posted or if youll collect it on the day , and finally give your voice number for them to call ‘ if there are any problems ’ .

Give credit card details , say ‘ please debit my card accordingly ’ , state whether you want it posted or if youll collect it on the day , and finally give your voice number for them to call ‘ if there are any problems ’ .
give credit card details , say ‘ please debit my card [so] ’ , state whether you want it posted or if youll collect it on the day , and finally give your voice number for them to call ‘ if there are any problems ’ .

Accordingly , we urge that there should be no increase and no revalorisation of the excise duty on spirits in the forthcoming Budget .
[so] , we urge that there should be no increase and no revalorisation of the excise duty on spirits in the forthcoming budget .

Accordingly , local planning authorities have power to define ‘ areas of special control ’ where ‘ special protection on grounds of amenity ’ is thought desirable .
[so] , local planning authorities have power to define ‘ areas of special control ’ where ‘ special protection on grounds of amenity ’ is thought desirable .

But good though this record is , no system is perfect and accordingly the Church Commissioners and the Department of the Environment are now looking at ways in which the non-statutory public inquiries can be improved to become an even more effective forum for weighing all points of view in particularly difficult cases .
but good though this record is , no system is perfect and [so] the church commissioners and the department of the environment are now looking at ways in which the non-statutory public inquiries can be improved to become an even more effective forum for weighing all points of view in particularly difficult cases .

Research by distinguished musicologists in Britain and America has demonstrated the predominantly ( but by no means exclusively ) a cappella tradition of liturgical polyphonic singing during the later Middle Ages and the early Renaissance ; English choirs have accordingly begun to record 15th- and 16th-century Masses .
research by distinguished musicologists in britain and america has demonstrated the predominantly ( but by no means exclusively ) a cappella tradition of liturgical polyphonic singing during the later middle ages and the early renaissance ; english choirs have [so] begun to record 15th- and 16th-century masses .

Accordingly , where humanities scholars have engaged the computer in text creation and analysis , they have done so in a sophisticated way .
[so] , where humanities scholars have engaged the computer in text creation and analysis , they have done so in a sophisticated way .

Both Habsburgs and Romanovs knew this and acted accordingly .
both habsburgs and romanovs knew this and acted [so] .

Accordingly , the only outward sign of a certain limited degree of prosperity were his immaculate clothes , although he never had a Savile Row tailor make him a suit or went to one of the more fashionable outfitters specializing in foreign-made clothes .
[so] , the only outward sign of a certain limited degree of prosperity were his immaculate clothes , although he never had a savile row tailor make him a suit or went to one of the more fashionable outfitters specializing in foreign-made clothes .

Clauses 5.1 ( including both phrases in square brackets ) , 5.2 and 5.3 are necessary if one intends to exclude that liability otherwise the bracketed phrases in cl 5.1 and the whole of cl 5.2 and 5.3 should be deleted and cl 5.4. and 5.5 should be renumbered accordingly .
clauses 5.1 ( including both phrases in square brackets ) , 5.2 and 5.3 are necessary if one intends to exclude that liability otherwise the bracketed phrases in cl 5.1 and the whole of cl 5.2 and 5.3 should be deleted and cl 5.4. and 5.5 should be renumbered [so] .

Accordingly , the Buyer agrees to take the goods in their current state , after having satisfied himself by inspection , as to their quality and fitness for the purpose for which the Buyer requires them .
[so] , the buyer agrees to take the goods in their current state , after having satisfied himself by inspection , as to their quality and fitness for the purpose for which the buyer requires them .

Accordingly , the Seller gives no warranties in relation to the quality of the goods or their suitability for any purpose , and all such warranties , whether express or implied by statute , common law or otherwise howsoever , are hereby excluded .
[so] , the seller gives no warranties in relation to the quality of the goods or their suitability for any purpose , and all such warranties , whether express or implied by statute , common law or otherwise howsoever , are hereby excluded .

The agreement should accordingly impose all necessary obligations in this behalf ( Clause 24 ) .
the agreement should [so] impose all necessary obligations in this behalf ( clause 24 ) .

The new partner 's capital share will be assessed accordingly and any required adjustments made to the shares of the other partners .
the new partner 's capital share will be assessed [so] and any required adjustments made to the shares of the other partners .

Accordingly , the draftsman should so far as possible ensure that the plan is accurate .
[so] , the draftsman should so far as possible ensure that the plan is accurate .

Accordingly , if the question should later arise , the landlord will be free to demand a premium or an increased rent as the price of a demise of the airspace .
[so] , if the question should later arise , the landlord will be free to demand a premium or an increased rent as the price of a demise of the airspace .

Accordingly , the draftsman should attempt to combine both methods .
[so] , the draftsman should attempt to combine both methods .

Accordingly , where the landlord proves an intention to redevelop not immediately capable of implementation , the court will order the inclusion of a break-clause exercisable when the landlord is ready .
[so] , where the landlord proves an intention to redevelop not immediately capable of implementation , the court will order the inclusion of a break-clause exercisable when the landlord is ready .

The court will take into account the fact that the landlord must prove a statutory ground of opposition in order effectively to operate the break-clause ( Adams v Green ) and accordingly will not attach much weight to objections which could be raised by the tenant when the landlord seeks to operate the break-clause ( Amika Motors Ltd v Colebrook Holdings Ltd ) .
the court will take into account the fact that the landlord must prove a statutory ground of opposition in order effectively to operate the break-clause ( adams v green ) and [so] will not attach much weight to objections which could be raised by the tenant when the landlord seeks to operate the break-clause ( amika motors ltd v colebrook holdings ltd ) .

Accordingly , the basis on which the rent is calculated may itself be changed through a change in the composition of the index .
[so] , the basis on which the rent is calculated may itself be changed through a change in the composition of the index .

Accordingly , he will be unable to take the benefit of any fall in the index .
[so] , he will be unable to take the benefit of any fall in the index .

Accordingly , the tenant should be required to supply regular certificates of his turnover , and there might also be a provision for the payment of interest on rent in case of delay in supplying them .
[so] , the tenant should be required to supply regular certificates of his turnover , and there might also be a provision for the payment of interest on rent in case of delay in supplying them .

Accordingly , his break notice must be given in ignorance of what the new rent would be .
[so] , his break notice must be given in ignorance of what the new rent would be .

Accordingly , the way in which past pecuniary loss is calculated will not be dealt with here .
[so] , the way in which past pecuniary loss is calculated will not be dealt with here .

In such cases the court will have to estimate what the net commission would have been and award damages accordingly .
in such cases the court will have to estimate what the net commission would have been and award damages [so] .

Even in the case of a regular wage-earner or salaried employee , there might be complications ; for example , the plaintiff might claim that he would have been promoted to a more remunerative post ( in which case the court must assess his prospects of promotion and award damages accordingly ) or the defendant may claim that the plaintiff 's employer had suffered severe business setbacks that necessitated redundancies and that the plaintiff would have lost his employment ( in which case the court must consider all the circumstances and award as damages what it estimates to have been the plaintiff 's net loss ) .
even in the case of a regular wage-earner or salaried employee , there might be complications ; for example , the plaintiff might claim that he would have been promoted to a more remunerative post ( in which case the court must assess his prospects of promotion and award damages [so] ) or the defendant may claim that the plaintiff 's employer had suffered severe business setbacks that necessitated redundancies and that the plaintiff would have lost his employment ( in which case the court must consider all the circumstances and award as damages what it estimates to have been the plaintiff 's net loss ) .

This is now being reflected in all parts of a transaction , including the legal documentation , and legal advisers are expected to respond accordingly .
this is now being reflected in all parts of a transaction , including the legal documentation , and legal advisers are expected to respond [so] .

Accordingly , the board of the vendor company has a duty to act in the best interests of the company , its shareholders and its employees , and can not therefore reject a management buy-out without due consideration .
[so] , the board of the vendor company has a duty to act in the best interests of the company , its shareholders and its employees , and can not therefore reject a management buy-out without due consideration .

Accordingly , the increase in value of the shares does not derive from the removal or variation of a restriction , or the creation or variation of a right , relating to the shares , ie there is no novus actus interveniens which gives rise to the increase in value .
[so] , the increase in value of the shares does not derive from the removal or variation of a restriction , or the creation or variation of a right , relating to the shares , ie there is no novus actus interveniens which gives rise to the increase in value .

Where Newco and management are connected under s839 ( 7 ) , the managers need to show that no benefit has been conferred on them indirectly by virtue of Newco 's acquisition of Target , and accordingly the managers need to be able to demonstrate that the price paid by Newco for Target constitutes market value .
where newco and management are connected under s839 ( 7 ) , the managers need to show that no benefit has been conferred on them indirectly by virtue of newco 's acquisition of target , and [so] the managers need to be able to demonstrate that the price paid by newco for target constitutes market value .

Accordingly , it is best if the hive-up is deferred until , say , the end of the month in which the acquisition occurred at the earliest ( using a month-end will make the accounting treatment easier ) .
[so] , it is best if the hive-up is deferred until , say , the end of the month in which the acquisition occurred at the earliest ( using a month-end will make the accounting treatment easier ) .

Accordingly , any proposals to change the nature or conduct of the trade should not be implemented until the hive-up has been completed .
[so] , any proposals to change the nature or conduct of the trade should not be implemented until the hive-up has been completed .

This would suggest that shareholders by agreement can bind themselves to vote in a particular way and can then be compelled to vote accordingly .
this would suggest that shareholders by agreement can bind themselves to vote in a particular way and can then be compelled to vote [so] .

Accordingly , the investor may seek to include a provision whereby if the investor wishes to sell a specified percentage of the equity , then the other shareholders must follow suit and sell at the same price per share .
[so] , the investor may seek to include a provision whereby if the investor wishes to sell a specified percentage of the equity , then the other shareholders must follow suit and sell at the same price per share .

Listing particulars are technical documents which must be drafted by professionals and approved by the Stock Exchange and any transaction timetable must be adjusted accordingly .
listing particulars are technical documents which must be drafted by professionals and approved by the stock exchange and any transaction timetable must be adjusted [so] .

The vendor should also take advice on the tax implications of identifying the maximum price payable as the Inland Revenue will at the time of sale assume that the maximum price is payable and tax the vendor accordingly .
the vendor should also take advice on the tax implications of identifying the maximum price payable as the inland revenue will at the time of sale assume that the maximum price is payable and tax the vendor [so] .

To the extent that an industrial tribunal disagrees as a matter of fact and considers that the common law position applies instead , to the warranties and indemnities , will adjust the position between the vendor and the purchaser accordingly .
to the extent that an industrial tribunal disagrees as a matter of fact and considers that the common law position applies instead , to the warranties and indemnities , will adjust the position between the vendor and the purchaser [so] .

Opening up forest land to new migrants also has a double effect : the newcomers lack immunity to local strains of disease and suffer accordingly , while also importing diseases from outside to which the indigenous forest peoples are similarly vulnerable — as happened with malaria in the Brazilian Amazon .
opening up forest land to new migrants also has a double effect : the newcomers lack immunity to local strains of disease and suffer [so] , while also importing diseases from outside to which the indigenous forest peoples are similarly vulnerable — as happened with malaria in the brazilian amazon .

Status derives from the tendency of people to accord positive and negative values to human attributes and to distribute respect accordingly .
status derives from the tendency of people to accord positive and negative values to human attributes and to distribute respect [so] .

Accordingly , as for example in Bentham 's design for a prison , Fine ( 1979 p 85 ) observed : `` … inmates were to be subjected to a perpetual supervision in the isolation of their cells by an `` inspector `` , whose presence was always visible in the shape of the central guard tower , but whose particular focus and conclusions were neither within the vision , knowledge or control of the suspected . ``
[so] , as for example in bentham 's design for a prison , fine ( 1979 p 85 ) observed : `` … inmates were to be subjected to a perpetual supervision in the isolation of their cells by an `` inspector `` , whose presence was always visible in the shape of the central guard tower , but whose particular focus and conclusions were neither within the vision , knowledge or control of the suspected . ``

But feminists who are alerted to the importance of symbolism believe Christianity accordingly to be judged .
but feminists who are alerted to the importance of symbolism believe christianity [so] to be judged .

For women ‘ lucky ’ enough to get this childcare allowance , their husbands ' dole payments would decrease accordingly .
for women ‘ lucky ’ enough to get this childcare allowance , their husbands ' dole payments would decrease [so] .

Their eyes have both rods and cones , their colour vision is , for the most part , excellent and their body colours are accordingly vivid and various .
their eyes have both rods and cones , their colour vision is , for the most part , excellent and their body colours are [so] vivid and various .

The adult is trying to find out what the child knows or understands , and the child 's responses are interpreted accordingly .
the adult is trying to find out what the child knows or understands , and the child 's responses are interpreted [so] .

Accordingly , two entire trials for each pairing were subjected to detailed analysis .
[so] , two entire trials for each pairing were subjected to detailed analysis .

On 27 November the Cabinet was accordingly officially informed of the whole matter for the first time .
on 27 november the cabinet was [so] officially informed of the whole matter for the first time .

Yet it was accordingly — to quote Cole again — that the producers ' co-operative was set up as an industrial , or perhaps more exactly , as a proto-industrial co-operative .
yet it was [so] — to quote cole again — that the producers ' co-operative was set up as an industrial , or perhaps more exactly , as a proto-industrial co-operative .

Accordingly the Vienna Convention on International Organisations provides that organisations can be third parties to a treaty and defines ‘ third States ’ and ‘ third organisations ’ .
[so] the vienna convention on international organisations provides that organisations can be third parties to a treaty and defines ‘ third states ’ and ‘ third organisations ’ .

If the subsequent treaty prevents performance of a State 's prior obligations , parties to the former may regard that State as committing a material breach of the earlier treaty and act accordingly .
if the subsequent treaty prevents performance of a state 's prior obligations , parties to the former may regard that state as committing a material breach of the earlier treaty and act [so] .

Firstly , it is this part of the brain which absorbs the social and sexual training which we receive from our earliest years and it governs our thoughts and actions accordingly .
firstly , it is this part of the brain which absorbs the social and sexual training which we receive from our earliest years and it governs our thoughts and actions [so] .

If circumstances arise which are not fully covered , the judge must interpret law and principles accordingly .
if circumstances arise which are not fully covered , the judge must interpret law and principles [so] .

The residential worker is viewed and , indeed , may view himself or herself , as in loco parentis regardless of the maturity of the resident and adopts attitudes accordingly .
the residential worker is viewed and , indeed , may view himself or herself , as in loco parentis regardless of the maturity of the resident and adopts attitudes [so] .

However , when such play becomes hurtful or frightening to one of the children involved it may have effect equal to that of interference by an adult and should be regarded accordingly .
however , when such play becomes hurtful or frightening to one of the children involved it may have effect equal to that of interference by an adult and should be regarded [so] .

Since the total number of crossings , 5 is odd , has the determinant -1 ; accordingly Coincidentally , this example also illustrates he second variant : it is adventitious that the largest element among those available occurs in the first , second , third and fourth column in succession .
since the total number of crossings , 5 is odd , has the determinant -1 ; [so] coincidentally , this example also illustrates he second variant : it is adventitious that the largest element among those available occurs in the first , second , third and fourth column in succession .

Accordingly , as before .
[so] , as before .

Such ambivalence makes shifts of register suggestive , for they tend to imply that we are listening to this or that person 's manner of speaking , and to shift point of view accordingly .
such ambivalence makes shifts of register suggestive , for they tend to imply that we are listening to this or that person 's manner of speaking , and to shift point of view [so] .

It 's easier to dismiss reports of low employee morale than face the facts and act accordingly .
it 's easier to dismiss reports of low employee morale than face the facts and act [so] .

He 'll just see it as another learning opportunity and advise accordingly .
he 'll just see it as another learning opportunity and advise [so] .

If there are frequent peaks , he predicts them and plans accordingly .
if there are frequent peaks , he predicts them and plans [so] .

He rewards them accordingly .
he rewards them [so] .

for that would avoid charges of the gerrymandering of the constitution ; time would show whether the coalition would deliver the goods , and coalition would be judged accordingly .
for that would avoid charges of the gerrymandering of the constitution ; time would show whether the coalition would deliver the goods , and coalition would be judged [so] .

Accordingly we can ask its supporters the same question we addressed to our friends from Copenhagen .
[so] we can ask its supporters the same question we addressed to our friends from copenhagen .

Choice theories frequently insist that a person 's duty under a contract is to perform his obligation and that accordingly the courts should use every available means to secure compliance with that duty , including threats of fines , penal damages and imprisonment for contempt of court .
choice theories frequently insist that a person 's duty under a contract is to perform his obligation and that [so] the courts should use every available means to secure compliance with that duty , including threats of fines , penal damages and imprisonment for contempt of court .

The organisers have accordingly taken the opportunity in the last few rooms to explore a second although only tenuously related theme , that of the possible influence of Leonardo and Milanese art on Venice at the beginning of the sixteenth century .
the organisers have [so] taken the opportunity in the last few rooms to explore a second although only tenuously related theme , that of the possible influence of leonardo and milanese art on venice at the beginning of the sixteenth century .

And so , accordingly , it has been the lot of the Franklin Delano Roosevelt Memorial to be close to fifty years in the making .
and so , [so] , it has been the lot of the franklin delano roosevelt memorial to be close to fifty years in the making .

The idea of a payment for public exhibition was first developed in Sweden during the late 1960s and is based on the idea that the exhibition of paintings and other works of art is a service to society and , accordingly , the artist should receive some form of exhibition payment .
the idea of a payment for public exhibition was first developed in sweden during the late 1960s and is based on the idea that the exhibition of paintings and other works of art is a service to society and , [so] , the artist should receive some form of exhibition payment .

Accordingly , the reciprocal exchange of membership lists may require a specific consent from all those persons on the lists .
[so] , the reciprocal exchange of membership lists may require a specific consent from all those persons on the lists .

According to the classical definition , identification is the major process leading to internalization , and internalization is ‘ a condition of incorporation of norms and/or roles into one 's own personality , with a corresponding obligation to act accordingly or suffer guilt ’ .
according to the classical definition , identification is the major process leading to internalization , and internalization is ‘ a condition of incorporation of norms and/or roles into one 's own personality , with a corresponding obligation to act [so] or suffer guilt ’ .

Here the material will be used in the spoken rather than written form and you may want to rephrase the information accordingly .
here the material will be used in the spoken rather than written form and you may want to rephrase the information [so] .

2 Decide which media will be able to use the picture and plan the content of the picture or pictures accordingly .
2 decide which media will be able to use the picture and plan the content of the picture or pictures [so] .

Unless you are a member of a joint research team , the results will represent entirely your own work and your examiners will judge it accordingly .
unless you are a member of a joint research team , the results will represent entirely your own work and your examiners will judge it [so] .

Accordingly , the marginal social cost of production is greater than the marginal ( private ) cost to the firm .
[so] , the marginal social cost of production is greater than the marginal ( private ) cost to the firm .

Once translated , this command can then be acted upon , and the goals and states of the robot and its environment can be updated accordingly .
once translated , this command can then be acted upon , and the goals and states of the robot and its environment can be updated [so] .

In the second example , the system compares the connection between ’ ate ’ and ’ bones ’ with that of ’ fish ’ and ’ bones ’ , finding a connection in the latter case through the word ’ vertebrate ’ , and the prepositional attachment is chosen accordingly .
in the second example , the system compares the connection between ’ ate ’ and ’ bones ’ with that of ’ fish ’ and ’ bones ’ , finding a connection in the latter case through the word ’ vertebrate ’ , and the prepositional attachment is chosen [so] .

William Herbert had held several of his key posts in tail male and they were accordingly only granted to the duke during the minority of the young earl of Pembroke , William Herbert 11 .
william herbert had held several of his key posts in tail male and they were [so] only granted to the duke during the minority of the young earl of pembroke , william herbert 11 .

In the other two Neville lordships indirect evidence of this kind is now all that is available and continuity is accordingly harder to prove , although there is no reason to believe that it was any less marked .
in the other two neville lordships indirect evidence of this kind is now all that is available and continuity is [so] harder to prove , although there is no reason to believe that it was any less marked .

Gloucester 's legal council accordingly displayed a marked northern bias , including among its members Guy Fairfax , Robert Danby , Richard Pygot , Miles Metcalfe and John Vavasour .
gloucester 's legal council [so] displayed a marked northern bias , including among its members guy fairfax , robert danby , richard pygot , miles metcalfe and john vavasour .

in the course of that business acquired his interest in the article or substance supplied to the customer as a means of financing its acquisition by the customer from a third person ( ‘ the effective supplier ’ ) , the effective supplier and not the ostensible supplier shall be treated for the purposes of this Article as supplying the article or substance to the customer , and any duty imposed by this Article on suppliers shall accordingly fall on the effective supplier and not on the ostensible supplier . ’
in the course of that business acquired his interest in the article or substance supplied to the customer as a means of financing its acquisition by the customer from a third person ( ‘ the effective supplier ’ ) , the effective supplier and not the ostensible supplier shall be treated for the purposes of this article as supplying the article or substance to the customer , and any duty imposed by this article on suppliers shall [so] fall on the effective supplier and not on the ostensible supplier . ’

Accordingly , during the 1930s and 1940s a large number of psychologists turned their attention to just this .
[so] , during the 1930s and 1940s a large number of psychologists turned their attention to just this .

One might wish to examine the effects of the father 's death during a child 's early years on the development of masculinity , and accordingly compare a group of adolescent boys who had this experience with a group who did not .
one might wish to examine the effects of the father 's death during a child 's early years on the development of masculinity , and [so] compare a group of adolescent boys who had this experience with a group who did not .

The labels parents attach to particular behaviour patterns often reflect this : thus one set of parents may see a grossly inactive baby as ‘ placid ’ and happily accept him as that , while another set might see the same child as irritatingly ‘ lazy ’ and accordingly try to force him to behave differently .
the labels parents attach to particular behaviour patterns often reflect this : thus one set of parents may see a grossly inactive baby as ‘ placid ’ and happily accept him as that , while another set might see the same child as irritatingly ‘ lazy ’ and [so] try to force him to behave differently .

The words may carry our meaning , but the receiver may be expecting something else from them and interprets accordingly .
the words may carry our meaning , but the receiver may be expecting something else from them and interprets [so] .

Accordingly where the second form of connecting factor is not applicable these Conventions apply only where all three parties involved ( supplier/lessor/lessee and supplier/debtor/factor ) carry on business in Contracting States .
[so] where the second form of connecting factor is not applicable these conventions apply only where all three parties involved ( supplier/lessor/lessee and supplier/debtor/factor ) carry on business in contracting states .

Lawmakers are influenced , even unconsciously , by the dominant concerns of the age , and decisions are affected accordingly .
lawmakers are influenced , even unconsciously , by the dominant concerns of the age , and decisions are affected [so] .

Accordingly , when Kepler first heard of Galileo 's telescopic observations , he was alarmed lest the satellites reported should be planets orbiting another sun .
[so] , when kepler first heard of galileo 's telescopic observations , he was alarmed lest the satellites reported should be planets orbiting another sun .

Accordingly , Paracelsus developed the view that diseases are localized and require specific cures — not the elaborate mixtures commonly prescribed as cure-alls .
[so] , paracelsus developed the view that diseases are localized and require specific cures — not the elaborate mixtures commonly prescribed as cure-alls .

Accordingly , we shall begin with the Copernican innovation as a test case .
[so] , we shall begin with the copernican innovation as a test case .

Accordingly , there was a sense in which humanity remained close to the center , if not at the center itself .
[so] , there was a sense in which humanity remained close to the center , if not at the center itself .

On these grounds they would propose to resist the clause proposing abolition , but , in order to enable the House to consider whether there should be a more frequent recommendation for the exercise of the Royal Prerogative , the Government would propose to table a Resolution in the same sort of terms as that included in the conditional recommendations of the Select Committee [ of the House of Commons on Capital Punishment , 1929–30 ] , and that if such a Resolution were passed , the practice governing recommendations for the exercise of the Prerogative would be altered accordingly .
on these grounds they would propose to resist the clause proposing abolition , but , in order to enable the house to consider whether there should be a more frequent recommendation for the exercise of the royal prerogative , the government would propose to table a resolution in the same sort of terms as that included in the conditional recommendations of the select committee [ of the house of commons on capital punishment , 1929–30 ] , and that if such a resolution were passed , the practice governing recommendations for the exercise of the prerogative would be altered [so] .

The Home Secretary accordingly circulated a further paper on 28 July . It dealt with the point about the title of the Bill , concluding :
the home secretary [so] circulated a further paper on 28 july . it dealt with the point about the title of the bill , concluding :

These ‘ survivals ’ would , of course , be evidence that oral societies can and do ‘ fix ’ some aspects of the cultural repertoire ; they do not simply roll on in perpetual immediacy , responding to each new need in a new way and changing the meanings of words and communication accordingly .
these ‘ survivals ’ would , of course , be evidence that oral societies can and do ‘ fix ’ some aspects of the cultural repertoire ; they do not simply roll on in perpetual immediacy , responding to each new need in a new way and changing the meanings of words and communication [so] .

Accordingly , if an infant with Duchenne muscular dystrophy is identified early the family has the option of prenatal diagnosis for future pregnancies .
[so] , if an infant with duchenne muscular dystrophy is identified early the family has the option of prenatal diagnosis for future pregnancies .

Accordingly , the programme was designed so that it could be modified in the light of experience , and families could choose to discontinue investigation at every stage from the initial screening test to the confirmed diagnosis .
[so] , the programme was designed so that it could be modified in the light of experience , and families could choose to discontinue investigation at every stage from the initial screening test to the confirmed diagnosis .

Studies of effective managers show that they are sensitive to the needs of a situation and modify their influencing styles accordingly . The following are some of the tactics researchers have observed in effective managers :
studies of effective managers show that they are sensitive to the needs of a situation and modify their influencing styles [so] . the following are some of the tactics researchers have observed in effective managers :

schedule the change and revise the relevant development and implementation plan accordingly
schedule the change and revise the relevant development and implementation plan [so]

update the Change Review Forms accordingly
update the change review forms [so]

The architects of the Constitution were accordingly intent upon constructing political mechanisms that would allow for the essential minimum level of government without encroaching on their hard-won liberties .
the architects of the constitution were [so] intent upon constructing political mechanisms that would allow for the essential minimum level of government without encroaching on their hard-won liberties .

Carter , accordingly , seemed to believe that if he studied the energy problem in sufficient detail and drew on the views of the appropriate experts his administration could develop an adequate policy .
carter , [so] , seemed to believe that if he studied the energy problem in sufficient detail and drew on the views of the appropriate experts his administration could develop an adequate policy .

Accordingly , they have been the subject of intensive research and fierce controversy .
[so] , they have been the subject of intensive research and fierce controversy .

Accordingly , they did all they could to protect the nobility 's privileged position .
[so] , they did all they could to protect the nobility 's privileged position .

Accordingly , peasant aspirations remained firmly fixed on the one panacea of which they could conceive : the land of the nobility .
[so] , peasant aspirations remained firmly fixed on the one panacea of which they could conceive : the land of the nobility .

Accordingly , Lenin insisted upon an exclusive definition of Party membership , speaking in his major tract on Party structure — What Is To Be Done ?
[so] , lenin insisted upon an exclusive definition of party membership , speaking in his major tract on party structure — what is to be done ?

Suggest instructions to control a set of output devices , and extend your interrupt service routine accordingly .
suggest instructions to control a set of output devices , and extend your interrupt service routine [so] .

We need to be able to test for floating.point zero , or for a positive or negative value , and change the instruction sequence accordingly .
we need to be able to test for floating.point zero , or for a positive or negative value , and change the instruction sequence [so] .

Although Patrick Lundy was almost twenty , Katherine still considered him a child and treated him accordingly , and often it was easier to go along with her rather than risk an argument .
although patrick lundy was almost twenty , katherine still considered him a child and treated him [so] , and often it was easier to go along with her rather than risk an argument .

That would depend on whether each person acted or voted solely in his or her own interest , or considered the good of the community and acted accordingly .
that would depend on whether each person acted or voted solely in his or her own interest , or considered the good of the community and acted [so] .

They may even have intensified as the franchise has been extended and the character of politics changed accordingly .
they may even have intensified as the franchise has been extended and the character of politics changed [so] .

In fact , it is an acquired skill , although not recognized as such , nor paid accordingly .
in fact , it is an acquired skill , although not recognized as such , nor paid [so] .

In most other orders a postnotum is present in both meso- and metathorax , but in the Orthoptera and Coleoptera the metathorax has acquired two intersegmental sclerites , having both acrotergite and postnotum while the mesothorax has accordingly no postnotum .
in most other orders a postnotum is present in both meso- and metathorax , but in the orthoptera and coleoptera the metathorax has acquired two intersegmental sclerites , having both acrotergite and postnotum while the mesothorax has [so] no postnotum .

Accordingly it would seem to be impossible to entrench a provision in our constitution .
[so] it would seem to be impossible to entrench a provision in our constitution .

The European Communities Act , it is argued , is such a constituent statute , and is accordingly entrenched .
the european communities act , it is argued , is such a constituent statute , and is [so] entrenched .

Accordingly it felt that the minister 's affidavit opposing discovery must be accepted as final and conclusive .
[so] it felt that the minister 's affidavit opposing discovery must be accepted as final and conclusive .

Accordingly the House rejected the committee 's recommendations and ruled that the issuing of the libel writ was not a contempt .
[so] the house rejected the committee 's recommendations and ruled that the issuing of the libel writ was not a contempt .

Section 2 accordingly introduces the following safeguards : ( a ) The officer must identify himself ( s.2(3) ( a ) ) .
section 2 [so] introduces the following safeguards : ( a ) the officer must identify himself ( s.2(3) ( a ) ) .

Accordingly , the constitutions of many states contain guarantees of the right of peaceful protest .
[so] , the constitutions of many states contain guarantees of the right of peaceful protest .

St Ambrose accordingly wrote a prayer to guard against them : Procul recedent somnia Let dreams and nocturnal Et noctium phantasmata Phantasies depart far away , Hostemque nostrum comprime , And suppress our enemy Ne polluantur corpora .
st ambrose [so] wrote a prayer to guard against them : procul recedent somnia let dreams and nocturnal et noctium phantasmata phantasies depart far away , hostemque nostrum comprime , and suppress our enemy ne polluantur corpora .

Jakes and Honecker , Prague students and Leipzig demonstrators , all knew very well what had happened in Tiananmen Square and calculated accordingly .
jakes and honecker , prague students and leipzig demonstrators , all knew very well what had happened in tiananmen square and calculated [so] .

Most of the big teams in this year 's tournament will already ‘ know their enemy ’ and will have planned accordingly .
most of the big teams in this year 's tournament will already ‘ know their enemy ’ and will have planned [so] .

Of course , in practice when a particular political party has a clear majority then both councillors and officers will accept the realities of the position and act accordingly ; but the difference in the constitutional position is not simply one of form — it undoubtedly affects attitudes throughout local authorities .
of course , in practice when a particular political party has a clear majority then both councillors and officers will accept the realities of the position and act [so] ; but the difference in the constitutional position is not simply one of form — it undoubtedly affects attitudes throughout local authorities .

At the simplest level this means deciding that someone wearing , say , a skirt in our society is female and acting on the basis of this decision , or deciding that someone shouting at the top of his or her voice is excited or angry and acting accordingly .
at the simplest level this means deciding that someone wearing , say , a skirt in our society is female and acting on the basis of this decision , or deciding that someone shouting at the top of his or her voice is excited or angry and acting [so] .

At the same time there may be little provision of help in child care , and so the couple will have to organise their lives accordingly .
at the same time there may be little provision of help in child care , and so the couple will have to organise their lives [so] .

Not surprisingly , when the Sinn Fein insurrection began , he was marked as an enemy to the patriotic struggle and his premises were treated accordingly .
not surprisingly , when the sinn fein insurrection began , he was marked as an enemy to the patriotic struggle and his premises were treated [so] .

If we allow Korea to go by default and to fall within the Soviet orbit , the world will feel that we have lost another round in our match with the Soviet Union , and our prestige and the hopes of those who place their faith in us will suffer accordingly … .
if we allow korea to go by default and to fall within the soviet orbit , the world will feel that we have lost another round in our match with the soviet union , and our prestige and the hopes of those who place their faith in us will suffer [so] … .

The zaibatsu — the powerful financial combines headed by Mitsui , Mitsubishi , Yasuda , Sumitomo and Okura — were regarded as the cornerstone of Japanese activities and it was accordingly a priority to break down their authority .
the zaibatsu — the powerful financial combines headed by mitsui , mitsubishi , yasuda , sumitomo and okura — were regarded as the cornerstone of japanese activities and it was [so] a priority to break down their authority .

In the Mercedes , tall drivers can really stretch their legs but , not surprisingly , those behind will suffer accordingly .
in the mercedes , tall drivers can really stretch their legs but , not surprisingly , those behind will suffer [so] .

Accordingly it became a relatively more important cause of death than scarlet fever , which declined fast from the 1860s ( the two diseases have some symptoms in common and were not separated in death certification until 1858 ) .
[so] it became a relatively more important cause of death than scarlet fever , which declined fast from the 1860s ( the two diseases have some symptoms in common and were not separated in death certification until 1858 ) .

Accordingly they may marry early and begin a family quickly ; that will increase their chances of being allocated a council house through the points system , even though it reduces their chances of buying or renting privately ( Ineichen 1979a ) .
[so] they may marry early and begin a family quickly ; that will increase their chances of being allocated a council house through the points system , even though it reduces their chances of buying or renting privately ( ineichen 1979a ) .

Accordingly , David Nash , a senior New York director , flew to Tokyo to negotiate with the dawdling Tortoise .
[so] , david nash , a senior new york director , flew to tokyo to negotiate with the dawdling tortoise .

Accordingly , Chapter 2 summarizes the growth of the discipline of International Relations , focusing on Idealism , Realism , and Behaviouralism as its principal phases .
[so] , chapter 2 summarizes the growth of the discipline of international relations , focusing on idealism , realism , and behaviouralism as its principal phases .

Accordingly , in Chapter 8 we ‘ open the box ’ again and ask about the bureaucrats , the men and women who do the bargaining .
[so] , in chapter 8 we ‘ open the box ’ again and ask about the bureaucrats , the men and women who do the bargaining .

Accordingly , the subject that studied such phenomena took on a strongly normative , prescriptive character .
[so] , the subject that studied such phenomena took on a strongly normative , prescriptive character .

Accordingly , the subject during the inter-war period concentrated on issues like the outlawing of war and the establishment of an international police force , until the events of the 1930s challenged its basic assumptions .
[so] , the subject during the inter-war period concentrated on issues like the outlawing of war and the establishment of an international police force , until the events of the 1930s challenged its basic assumptions .

Synthetic statements are those which make a claim about how the world is and are true ( or false ) accordingly , for instance that all bachelors are carefree .
synthetic statements are those which make a claim about how the world is and are true ( or false ) [so] , for instance that all bachelors are carefree .

When riding bicycles , people watch for the signals of others and steer accordingly .
when riding bicycles , people watch for the signals of others and steer [so] .

Accordingly , only brief consideration will be given to these findings here , with the most notable differences between the surveys being highlighted ( see Parker et al .
[so] , only brief consideration will be given to these findings here , with the most notable differences between the surveys being highlighted ( see parker et al .

Many countries , mainly those in the civil law tradition , have made this declaration , including Belgium , Czechoslovakia , Egypt , France , Germany , Luxembourg , Norway , Portugal , Seychelles and Turkey ( but not Italy ) ; accordingly an attempt to serve process via a United States Vice-Consul in the German Federal Republic has been held to be ineffective and the Netherlands Ministry of External Affairs was held to have acted properly when it refused to accept a document intended for service via the diplomatic channel on a defendant in France .
many countries , mainly those in the civil law tradition , have made this declaration , including belgium , czechoslovakia , egypt , france , germany , luxembourg , norway , portugal , seychelles and turkey ( but not italy ) ; [so] an attempt to serve process via a united states vice-consul in the german federal republic has been held to be ineffective and the netherlands ministry of external affairs was held to have acted properly when it refused to accept a document intended for service via the diplomatic channel on a defendant in france .

Accordingly a model form was devised and revised in 1985 .
[so] a model form was devised and revised in 1985 .

The former damage will be viewed as the result of ‘ destructive hooliganism ’ and dealt with accordingly , whilst the latter will be seen as arising from an excess of good-natured high spirits and over-enthusiasm .
the former damage will be viewed as the result of ‘ destructive hooliganism ’ and dealt with [so] , whilst the latter will be seen as arising from an excess of good-natured high spirits and over-enthusiasm .

It does not necessarily follow that any individual who has not taken on the attitude of the generalized other is any less complete than the person who has and acts accordingly .
it does not necessarily follow that any individual who has not taken on the attitude of the generalized other is any less complete than the person who has and acts [so] .

The plans would have to be altered accordingly and that meant first attending to some unfinished business at Lausanne station .
the plans would have to be altered [so] and that meant first attending to some unfinished business at lausanne station .

Accordingly , the insiders were under an obligation , inter alia , to disclose material matters about which they knew or had reason to believe the relevant shareholders had insufficient knowledge .
[so] , the insiders were under an obligation , inter alia , to disclose material matters about which they knew or had reason to believe the relevant shareholders had insufficient knowledge .

Accordingly you will find that our team of Representatives do not come in the traditional mould .
[so] you will find that our team of representatives do not come in the traditional mould .

In clinical practice we try to keep up with the scientific literature and adapt our actions accordingly .
in clinical practice we try to keep up with the scientific literature and adapt our actions [so] .

There may seem to be no problem for an editor under these circumstances : each paper is assessed on its merits and published accordingly .
there may seem to be no problem for an editor under these circumstances : each paper is assessed on its merits and published [so] .

This value is set as a final payment and the monthly payments are set accordingly .
this value is set as a final payment and the monthly payments are set [so] .

Each tread can be a single paving stone deep , or different products can be used together : check what tread depth you need , and combine materials accordingly
each tread can be a single paving stone deep , or different products can be used together : check what tread depth you need , and combine materials [so]

Alternatively speculators might think that the exchange value of the domestic currency will fall even further in the future , perhaps because they expect the current account deficit to become permanent , and so capital inflows will decrease and capital outflows decrease accordingly .
alternatively speculators might think that the exchange value of the domestic currency will fall even further in the future , perhaps because they expect the current account deficit to become permanent , and so capital inflows will decrease and capital outflows decrease [so] .

Accordingly , the danger with floating exchange rates is that the less formal arrangements for cooperation may foster insufficient inter national cooperation of policies for the alleviation of sustained economic recessions or containment of inflationary pressures .
[so] , the danger with floating exchange rates is that the less formal arrangements for cooperation may foster insufficient inter national cooperation of policies for the alleviation of sustained economic recessions or containment of inflationary pressures .

Accordingly , the regular demand and supply of currencies in the foreign exchange markets tended to be dominated by current account transactions , which were expanding quite rapidly as international trade grew faster than domestic growth rates .
[so] , the regular demand and supply of currencies in the foreign exchange markets tended to be dominated by current account transactions , which were expanding quite rapidly as international trade grew faster than domestic growth rates .

Accordingly , variations in government spending and taxation might provide the best avenue for policies aimed at controlling the level of national income .
[so] , variations in government spending and taxation might provide the best avenue for policies aimed at controlling the level of national income .

Accordingly one of the objectives of government may be to achieve stable prices , or more realistica-lly to reduce the rate at which prices are rising .
[so] one of the objectives of government may be to achieve stable prices , or more realistica-lly to reduce the rate at which prices are rising .

Accordingly the man in our example may prefer to keep an additional fraction of his income as money balances in excess of his transactions demand , just in case something unexpected happens which necessitates immediate expenditure .
[so] the man in our example may prefer to keep an additional fraction of his income as money balances in excess of his transactions demand , just in case something unexpected happens which necessitates immediate expenditure .

Our discussion of macroeconomic management emphasizes that the link between instruments and objectives is by no means direct or precise . Accordingly we can identify two necessary conditions which must be fulfilled before macroeconomic policies are likely to be successful :
our discussion of macroeconomic management emphasizes that the link between instruments and objectives is by no means direct or precise . [so] we can identify two necessary conditions which must be fulfilled before macroeconomic policies are likely to be successful :

Much of the new housing appearing on Skye of late is unsympathetic and has accordingly received much criticism .
much of the new housing appearing on skye of late is unsympathetic and has [so] received much criticism .

The Black Prince reached Tours in early September , but Ring John barred his way northwards , and he accordingly turned south , planning to retreat to Bordeaux .
the black prince reached tours in early september , but ring john barred his way northwards , and he [so] turned south , planning to retreat to bordeaux .

The Good Parliament had refused to grant a subsidy , and accordingly another parliament was summoned for January 1377 .
the good parliament had refused to grant a subsidy , and [so] another parliament was summoned for january 1377 .

This sounds reasonable enough because no estate agent wishes to be negligent and if he was the court would direct accordingly on any case which came before them .
this sounds reasonable enough because no estate agent wishes to be negligent and if he was the court would direct [so] on any case which came before them .

‘ It is emphasised that this paper is at fundamental level , and will be set and marked accordingly .
‘ it is emphasised that this paper is at fundamental level , and will be set and marked [so] .

Accordingly , no account is taken of unrealised profits or losses arising on such forward exchange contracts .
[so] , no account is taken of unrealised profits or losses arising on such forward exchange contracts .

Special Scheme Home policies may have slight variations in cover and should be handled accordingly .
special scheme home policies may have slight variations in cover and should be handled [so] .

in such circumstances it would be appropriate to have the words ‘ save by way of set off against damages and/or costs ’ added to the order and our counsel should be advised accordingly .
in such circumstances it would be appropriate to have the words ‘ save by way of set off against damages and/or costs ’ added to the order and our counsel should be advised [so] .

Accordingly , one must stress again the importance of obtaining the documentation referred to above in addition to obtaining witness statements .
[so] , one must stress again the importance of obtaining the documentation referred to above in addition to obtaining witness statements .

Accordingly , recommendations with regard to further investigations , etc .
[so] , recommendations with regard to further investigations , etc .

Accordingly , particularly in claims which on full liability have very limited value , it is sound economic sense to try and achieve settlement at least two weeks before the Proof and preferably more than that .
[so] , particularly in claims which on full liability have very limited value , it is sound economic sense to try and achieve settlement at least two weeks before the proof and preferably more than that .

It was the customer himself who recognised professionalism when he saw it and responded accordingly .
it was the customer himself who recognised professionalism when he saw it and responded [so] .

Accordingly , butchers are learning to help us ‘ think forwards to the meal , rather than backwards to the animal in the field ’ , as the trade press exhorts .
[so] , butchers are learning to help us ‘ think forwards to the meal , rather than backwards to the animal in the field ’ , as the trade press exhorts .

Accordingly , the following have resigned from the subsidiaries which they have assisted , many for a considerable period : .
[so] , the following have resigned from the subsidiaries which they have assisted , many for a considerable period : .

Accordingly , at the last Committee meeting , a vote of confidence was passed and a letter to that effect was sent to them .
[so] , at the last committee meeting , a vote of confidence was passed and a letter to that effect was sent to them .

representations , in the copy of his letter to the District Council 's Director of Planning , are primarily concerned with planning matters , and that officer will no doubt be responding accordingly .
representations , in the copy of his letter to the district council 's director of planning , are primarily concerned with planning matters , and that officer will no doubt be responding [so] .

Wimpey Homes have revised the site layout to provide for a possible future 0·2 hectare extension of South Gyle station car park and adjusted the western boundary of the school site accordingly .
wimpey homes have revised the site layout to provide for a possible future 0·2 hectare extension of south gyle station car park and adjusted the western boundary of the school site [so] .

Accordingly , please confirm as a matter of urgency that the Phase 2 development annotated on drawing no .
[so] , please confirm as a matter of urgency that the phase 2 development annotated on drawing no .

The department is accordingly a highly suitable base for postgraduate students seeking to pursue research or advanced study in comparative law .
the department is [so] a highly suitable base for postgraduate students seeking to pursue research or advanced study in comparative law .

Accordingly , courses range over syntactic and phonological structure , and both temporal and spatial variation , embracing all the major stages of the language , from its Anglo-Saxon origins down to our own times .
[so] , courses range over syntactic and phonological structure , and both temporal and spatial variation , embracing all the major stages of the language , from its anglo-saxon origins down to our own times .

The Department 's courses accordingly aim to give an understanding of what German writers and thinkers have had to say in the past of the age and the society within which and for which they wrote and make students familiar with contemporary life and literature , art and film in the German-speaking countries .
the department 's courses [so] aim to give an understanding of what german writers and thinkers have had to say in the past of the age and the society within which and for which they wrote and make students familiar with contemporary life and literature , art and film in the german-speaking countries .

But when they turned him over there was a sound like a fart and all his insides had sicked out , bits that were n't meant to be seen and which God accordingly had n't bothered to finish off like the rest .
but when they turned him over there was a sound like a fart and all his insides had sicked out , bits that were n't meant to be seen and which god [so] had n't bothered to finish off like the rest .

William Herbert had held several of his key posts in tail male and they were accordingly only granted to the duke during the minority of the young earl of Pembroke , William Herbert 11 .
william herbert had held several of his key posts in tail male and they were [so] only granted to the duke during the minority of the young earl of pembroke , william herbert 11 .

In the other two Neville lordships indirect evidence of this kind is now all that is available and continuity is accordingly harder to prove , although there is no reason to believe that it was any less marked .
in the other two neville lordships indirect evidence of this kind is now all that is available and continuity is [so] harder to prove , although there is no reason to believe that it was any less marked .

Gloucester 's legal council accordingly displayed a marked northern bias , including among its members Guy Fairfax , Robert Danby , Richard Pygot , Miles Metcalfe and John Vavasour .
gloucester 's legal council [so] displayed a marked northern bias , including among its members guy fairfax , robert danby , richard pygot , miles metcalfe and john vavasour .

Accordingly , laminin has been considered to be a marker of fibrogenesis .
[so] , laminin has been considered to be a marker of fibrogenesis .

Company Programmes at Henley aim to ensure that every programme developed is unique to the needs of the client organisation and tailored accordingly .
company programmes at henley aim to ensure that every programme developed is unique to the needs of the client organisation and tailored [so] .

Simply move any contents of the directory to the new location ( on the same device , directory name maximum 20 characters including square brackets ) and edit the configuration file accordingly .
simply move any contents of the directory to the new location ( on the same device , directory name maximum 20 characters including square brackets ) and edit the configuration file [so] .

This experiment hypothesises that this is indeed the case and that also males are more lateralised in both the left and right visual fields , and accordingly the right and left cerebral hemispheres respectively , than women .
this experiment hypothesises that this is indeed the case and that also males are more lateralised in both the left and right visual fields , and [so] the right and left cerebral hemispheres respectively , than women .

Government needs to listen to the public and respond accordingly .
government needs to listen to the public and respond [so] .

Accordingly , the board recommend a final dividend of 0.75p which , together with the interim dividend already paid , gives a total dividend payable for the year of 1.50p .
[so] , the board recommend a final dividend of 0.75p which , together with the interim dividend already paid , gives a total dividend payable for the year of 1.50p .

The police response to Black women and racist attacks is determined by the same factors which affect their response to racist attacks generally : Failure to recognise racial violence/attacks as such and to act accordingly ; delays in their response to a call for help from victims of racial violence ; refusal to recognise the seriousness of a racist attack , and if arrests are made , only the minimum of charges are imposed ; avoiding responsibility for dealing with cases involving racist attacks — by advising victims to pursue civil action through the courts ; the subjecting of those who are victims of racial violence to further racial abuse ; the criminalisation of victims of racist attacks e.g .
the police response to black women and racist attacks is determined by the same factors which affect their response to racist attacks generally : failure to recognise racial violence/attacks as such and to act [so] ; delays in their response to a call for help from victims of racial violence ; refusal to recognise the seriousness of a racist attack , and if arrests are made , only the minimum of charges are imposed ; avoiding responsibility for dealing with cases involving racist attacks — by advising victims to pursue civil action through the courts ; the subjecting of those who are victims of racial violence to further racial abuse ; the criminalisation of victims of racist attacks e.g .

Accordingly , the value of the investment recorded on the balance sheet is increased by the investor 's share of the invested 's earnings .
[so] , the value of the investment recorded on the balance sheet is increased by the investor 's share of the invested 's earnings .

Formal negotiations on this issue and on a state treaty between the two countries were accordingly begun on April 25 .
formal negotiations on this issue and on a state treaty between the two countries were [so] begun on april 25 .

Accordingly , parliament at a joint session suspended King Baudouin on April 4 , and itself signed the abortion bill into law .
[so] , parliament at a joint session suspended king baudouin on april 4 , and itself signed the abortion bill into law .

Although the Federal Reserve reduced its discount rates during November and December from 8.75 per cent to 8.25 per cent , and major banks reduced their rates accordingly , the conflict in policy resurfaced on Jan. 19 , 1990 , when the Federal Reserve 's vice-chairman , Manuel Johnson , said that there would be no further easing in rates .
although the federal reserve reduced its discount rates during november and december from 8.75 per cent to 8.25 per cent , and major banks reduced their rates [so] , the conflict in policy resurfaced on jan. 19 , 1990 , when the federal reserve 's vice-chairman , manuel johnson , said that there would be no further easing in rates .

Although some 4,200 residency permits were accordingly made available , it was reported that 30,000-40,000 such immigrants gathered at a greyhound stadium on March 29 where the applications were to be processed .
although some 4,200 residency permits were [so] made available , it was reported that 30,000-40,000 such immigrants gathered at a greyhound stadium on march 29 where the applications were to be processed .

Accordingly the agreement involved tax increases — totalling $ 134,000 million in the first year alone — and included new taxes on petrol , alcohol and luxury items .
[so] the agreement involved tax increases — totalling $ 134,000 million in the first year alone — and included new taxes on petrol , alcohol and luxury items .

Accordingly , thousands of Czechoslovaks who had fled the country after the 1968 clampdown and were subsequently stripped of their citizenship would be able to regain it .
[so] , thousands of czechoslovaks who had fled the country after the 1968 clampdown and were subsequently stripped of their citizenship would be able to regain it .

Accordingly , the Constitution was on March 1 revoked and the Revolutionary National Assembly ( legislature ) was dissolved .
[so] , the constitution was on march 1 revoked and the revolutionary national assembly ( legislature ) was dissolved .

Irrespective of personal belief or disbelief , an unaccountable number of people have believed and do believe in the spiritual aspects of human life , and therefore their actions , attitudes and interpretations of events have been influenced accordingly .
irrespective of personal belief or disbelief , an unaccountable number of people have believed and do believe in the spiritual aspects of human life , and therefore their actions , attitudes and interpretations of events have been influenced [so] .

He then refers to the conference held in 1991 with some 300 theologians , historians , educators and lay leaders from 25 countries who endeavoured to disentangle what is considered legitimate use of religion from its apparent misuse . He concludes with this paragraph : If religion throughout the ages , and certainly in many parts of the world today , has been used as a weapon for destructive purposes , are we not called to demonstrate that as people of faith we can both live in passionate commitment to our respective tradition and at the same time in compassionate respect for each other and to affirm that the faith commitment of each one is only truly realized when we live in that mutual respect accordingly ?
he then refers to the conference held in 1991 with some 300 theologians , historians , educators and lay leaders from 25 countries who endeavoured to disentangle what is considered legitimate use of religion from its apparent misuse . he concludes with this paragraph : if religion throughout the ages , and certainly in many parts of the world today , has been used as a weapon for destructive purposes , are we not called to demonstrate that as people of faith we can both live in passionate commitment to our respective tradition and at the same time in compassionate respect for each other and to affirm that the faith commitment of each one is only truly realized when we live in that mutual respect [so] ?

Accordingly we would have to play along with the British for the time being , and take the beating which inevitably results through our association with an ally whom the Egyptians and other Arab states hated as imperialists .
[so] we would have to play along with the british for the time being , and take the beating which inevitably results through our association with an ally whom the egyptians and other arab states hated as imperialists .

The proportion of highly placed advisers who had nothing to lose if serfs were emancipated would accordingly diminish .
the proportion of highly placed advisers who had nothing to lose if serfs were emancipated would [so] diminish .

People aim at achievements to be completed in a time process and talk about how they order their priorities accordingly .
people aim at achievements to be completed in a time process and talk about how they order their priorities [so] .

Accordingly , if anomalies appear in the results , this is attributed to defects in the experiment rather than to wilfulness on the part of the animals under investigation .
[so] , if anomalies appear in the results , this is attributed to defects in the experiment rather than to wilfulness on the part of the animals under investigation .

Accordingly , the preparation for bargaining should be extended to cover planned concessions .
[so] , the preparation for bargaining should be extended to cover planned concessions .

Whether to write off loans due to the vendors appearing in the target balance sheet or repay them and reduce the purchase price accordingly ?
whether to write off loans due to the vendors appearing in the target balance sheet or repay them and reduce the purchase price [so] ?

Check whether the acquisition target is a client and advise the initiating member or his client accordingly .
check whether the acquisition target is a client and advise the initiating member or his client [so] .

Accordingly , the purchaser should require the acquisition agreement to provide for grossing-up so that the amount payable under the indemnity equals the amount of the liability , together with any tax chargeable .
[so] , the purchaser should require the acquisition agreement to provide for grossing-up so that the amount payable under the indemnity equals the amount of the liability , together with any tax chargeable .

Accordingly , the parties agree that each of them will accept my decision on the matters referred to me hereunder as conclusive and binding and that neither will bring any action or proceeding or make any claim against me as expert relating to or arising from the performance of my duties hereunder .
[so] , the parties agree that each of them will accept my decision on the matters referred to me hereunder as conclusive and binding and that neither will bring any action or proceeding or make any claim against me as expert relating to or arising from the performance of my duties hereunder .

That we will keep all information of a confidential nature about [ ] Plc and [ ] Plc 's business and financial affairs which come to our knowledge during negotiations for the sale of the Shares to you confidential and accordingly we will not disclose any such information to any person or use any such information other than wholly in connection with such negotiations except to the extent that it is , already when we receive such information , or becomes thereafter , public knowledge through no fault of any of us .
that we will keep all information of a confidential nature about [ ] plc and [ ] plc 's business and financial affairs which come to our knowledge during negotiations for the sale of the shares to you confidential and [so] we will not disclose any such information to any person or use any such information other than wholly in connection with such negotiations except to the extent that it is , already when we receive such information , or becomes thereafter , public knowledge through no fault of any of us .

Only if you understand what the clause is supposed to do , can you assess whether or not it is terribly important to your side and negotiate accordingly .
only if you understand what the clause is supposed to do , can you assess whether or not it is terribly important to your side and negotiate [so] .

Whilst the Purchaser can accept that the Memorandum has not been prepared with the precision of a legal document ( and accordingly the warranty may require some modification ) nevertheless the core of the information contained in it has been relied on by the Purchaser in agreeing to buy the Business and to the extent that it does not appear in any of the other information which is being warranted by the Vendor , it should be warranted in its own right .
whilst the purchaser can accept that the memorandum has not been prepared with the precision of a legal document ( and [so] the warranty may require some modification ) nevertheless the core of the information contained in it has been relied on by the purchaser in agreeing to buy the business and to the extent that it does not appear in any of the other information which is being warranted by the vendor , it should be warranted in its own right .

Accordingly , he had indeed doubled the surveillance team , detailing two men to each side of the Eldorado apartment block .
[so] , he had indeed doubled the surveillance team , detailing two men to each side of the eldorado apartment block .

Accordingly , he decided to bring the contest to a speedy conclusion .
[so] , he decided to bring the contest to a speedy conclusion .

Accordingly , Angel One had drawn on his ninjutsu training when preparing himself for the arena , with the purpose of springing a nasty surprise on his twin enemies — the Executioner and the Controller — should the opportunity present itself before he was himself killed .
[so] , angel one had drawn on his ninjutsu training when preparing himself for the arena , with the purpose of springing a nasty surprise on his twin enemies — the executioner and the controller — should the opportunity present itself before he was himself killed .

As your hands and arms become stronger you can lengthen the grip accordingly
as your hands and arms become stronger you can lengthen the grip [so]

Accordingly , the study focuses on the cross-sectional properties of some key financial indicators that are constructed from accounting data .
[so] , the study focuses on the cross-sectional properties of some key financial indicators that are constructed from accounting data .

Accordingly , the first stage of the study is to measure the competitive edge of British products in a range of industrial and consumer goods markets , and see how these can change as designs changes .
[so] , the first stage of the study is to measure the competitive edge of british products in a range of industrial and consumer goods markets , and see how these can change as designs changes .

From this perspective the seasonality is an integral part of the economic structure and should be accordingly modelled .
from this perspective the seasonality is an integral part of the economic structure and should be [so] modelled .

Accordingly , this project intends to investigate Kaunda 's foreign policy both before and after Zimbabwe 's independence .
[so] , this project intends to investigate kaunda 's foreign policy both before and after zimbabwe 's independence .

Accordingly , we shall try to establish a framework for exploring ideas about marriage , locating these and the direct experiences of those involved in a detailed historical context which takes account of the interrelationships between the public and the private .
[so] , we shall try to establish a framework for exploring ideas about marriage , locating these and the direct experiences of those involved in a detailed historical context which takes account of the interrelationships between the public and the private .

The project carries out comparative cases studies in each sector focusing on how the decisions were made to introduce new micro-electronic technology and to re-design the organisation of work accordingly .
the project carries out comparative cases studies in each sector focusing on how the decisions were made to introduce new micro-electronic technology and to re-design the organisation of work [so] .

Longer term aims may not require to be re-stated after just one year 's experience — numerous changes of direction will only serve to confuse , but they should be re-examined in the light of progress in attaining short term targets and the development plan should be altered accordingly .
longer term aims may not require to be re-stated after just one year 's experience — numerous changes of direction will only serve to confuse , but they should be re-examined in the light of progress in attaining short term targets and the development plan should be altered [so] .

Accordingly , the Council has decided that the timescale should be shortened from six months to three .
[so] , the council has decided that the timescale should be shortened from six months to three .

We are now working on a similar list for 1990 , and accordingly would be grateful if you could complete the enclosed form , and return it to the Scottish Sports Council by Friday 29 September .
we are now working on a similar list for 1990 , and [so] would be grateful if you could complete the enclosed form , and return it to the scottish sports council by friday 29 september .

The Council also is interested in knowing the market its publications are reaching and accordingly it would be appreciated if you would complete the form below and return it before the next mailing in June .
the council also is interested in knowing the market its publications are reaching and [so] it would be appreciated if you would complete the form below and return it before the next mailing in june .

For additional membership gifts , please supply details on a separate piece of paper and adjust payment accordingly .
for additional membership gifts , please supply details on a separate piece of paper and adjust payment [so] .

Accordingly , it has been held to be unfair to dismiss a man convicted of one isolated act of incest for which he received a probationary sentence .
[so] , it has been held to be unfair to dismiss a man convicted of one isolated act of incest for which he received a probationary sentence .

Accordingly , he held that the defenders ' intention was irrelevant .
[so] , he held that the defenders ' intention was irrelevant .

It was argued that since any payment above the standard rent would be illegal and indeed a criminal offence under section 17 of that Act , the lease itself was unlawful and accordingly the agreement for commission fixed upon the amount of the rent stipulated in it was also illegal and irrecoverable .
it was argued that since any payment above the standard rent would be illegal and indeed a criminal offence under section 17 of that act , the lease itself was unlawful and [so] the agreement for commission fixed upon the amount of the rent stipulated in it was also illegal and irrecoverable .

It is recognised that our scientific and horticultural activities are of interest to two separate potential audiences , and the packs need to be tailored accordingly .
it is recognised that our scientific and horticultural activities are of interest to two separate potential audiences , and the packs need to be tailored [so] .

Accordingly this study is limited to taxonomic aspects .
[so] this study is limited to taxonomic aspects .

Ata ' i writes that Molla Abdulfettah , having been appointed to the Seyfeddin medrese in Ankara with 50 akce , was dismissed and then restored to that medrese `` with [ an ] judgement `` ( that is , that the medrese was to be judged to be in the and treated accordingly ) and continues : `` His became and , by reason of the esteem [ due to/shown to a ] [ muderris ] , the mouth of his hope smiled . ``
ata ' i writes that molla abdulfettah , having been appointed to the seyfeddin medrese in ankara with 50 akce , was dismissed and then restored to that medrese `` with [ an ] judgement `` ( that is , that the medrese was to be judged to be in the and treated [so] ) and continues : `` his became and , by reason of the esteem [ due to/shown to a ] [ muderris ] , the mouth of his hope smiled . ``

The system allows us to establish ranges of values for fields and then codes the data accordingly .
the system allows us to establish ranges of values for fields and then codes the data [so] .

Once the payroll has been run the temporary data become `` permanent `` in so far as they become part of the employee 's history information and , accordingly , the employee 's record is updated .
once the payroll has been run the temporary data become `` permanent `` in so far as they become part of the employee 's history information and , [so] , the employee 's record is updated .

The requirements for new skills , changing roles and management styles , the erosion of traditional functional boundaries and the needs for training and staff development will give rise to conflict and accordingly focus attention on the role of the personnel function as a mediator .
the requirements for new skills , changing roles and management styles , the erosion of traditional functional boundaries and the needs for training and staff development will give rise to conflict and [so] focus attention on the role of the personnel function as a mediator .

Accordingly , the Committees recommend that the Council :
[so] , the committees recommend that the council :

Obviously , entering data can be done whenever there is more to add — and you can add columns as well as rows — but you will need to update the database definition accordingly .
obviously , entering data can be done whenever there is more to add — and you can add columns as well as rows — but you will need to update the database definition [so] .

We drink what we wish and when we return the bottle to him we will be charged accordingly .
we drink what we wish and when we return the bottle to him we will be charged [so] .

Strange , she thought crossly , that the Copenhageners were n't all wearing ankle bandages , but then they 'd been born to the decorative but tricky pavements and attuned their footwear accordingly .
strange , she thought crossly , that the copenhageners were n't all wearing ankle bandages , but then they 'd been born to the decorative but tricky pavements and attuned their footwear [so] .

Ms Cann accordingly drew up a second deal , which accounted for all the different royalties ( television , merchandising and so forth ) separately .
ms cann [so] drew up a second deal , which accounted for all the different royalties ( television , merchandising and so forth ) separately .

This can be dealt with by revaluing the asset annually using special indices of cost of capital and adjusting depreciation provisions accordingly .
this can be dealt with by revaluing the asset annually using special indices of cost of capital and adjusting depreciation provisions [so] .

He takes them for what they are , and deals with them accordingly .
he takes them for what they are , and deals with them [so] .

It was said with no expectation of diverting her , and she paid no attention accordingly . She said , ‘ So the precautions are in case Siward decides to promote Malcolm as King in your place ? Is that likely ? ’
it was said with no expectation of diverting her , and she paid no attention [so] . she said , ‘ so the precautions are in case siward decides to promote malcolm as king in your place ? is that likely ? ’

Accordingly , all the species on earth had changed only superficially , if at all , since they were placed there by God in the beginning .
[so] , all the species on earth had changed only superficially , if at all , since they were placed there by god in the beginning .

The choir , completed 1272 , has the highest Gothic vault in Europe ( of 157 feet ) , with accordingly strong flying buttress reinforcement .
the choir , completed 1272 , has the highest gothic vault in europe ( of 157 feet ) , with [so] strong flying buttress reinforcement .

Davis is an anthropologist , and , accordingly , his analyses are based on living with people and understanding the locality through close observation and conversations with the indigenous population .
davis is an anthropologist , and , [so] , his analyses are based on living with people and understanding the locality through close observation and conversations with the indigenous population .

( d ) l929 Party Seats Labour 288 Conservative 260 Liberal 59 Others 8 Several of the factors which had produced a minority Labour government in 1923–4 still existed , and MacDonald accordingly formed another minority government .
( d ) l929 party seats labour 288 conservative 260 liberal 59 others 8 several of the factors which had produced a minority labour government in 1923–4 still existed , and macdonald [so] formed another minority government .

Accordingly when a pare of men went underground formerly , they made it a rule , to sleep out a candle , before they set about their work ; that is if their place of work was dry , they would lay themselves down and sleep , as long as a whole candle would continue burning ; and then rise up and work for two or three hours pretty briskly ; after that have a touch pipe , that is rest themselves for half an hour to smoke a pipe of tobacco , and so play and sleep away half their working time : but mining being more expensive than it formerly was , those idle customs are superseded by more labour and industry .
[so] when a pare of men went underground formerly , they made it a rule , to sleep out a candle , before they set about their work ; that is if their place of work was dry , they would lay themselves down and sleep , as long as a whole candle would continue burning ; and then rise up and work for two or three hours pretty briskly ; after that have a touch pipe , that is rest themselves for half an hour to smoke a pipe of tobacco , and so play and sleep away half their working time : but mining being more expensive than it formerly was , those idle customs are superseded by more labour and industry .

Accordingly in many households women spun , even though the household as a whole was not primarily engaged in textile production .
[so] in many households women spun , even though the household as a whole was not primarily engaged in textile production .

Accordingly , when power-looms worked by women began to appear early in the nineteenth century it `` set women against women , especially young women working in the shops or mills against older married women working at home `` .
[so] , when power-looms worked by women began to appear early in the nineteenth century it `` set women against women , especially young women working in the shops or mills against older married women working at home `` .

Accordingly the fast-sailing Brixham smacks arrived to purchase the fish and race them to Portsmouth .
[so] the fast-sailing brixham smacks arrived to purchase the fish and race them to portsmouth .

Accordingly , the full network took almost a century to emerge .
[so] , the full network took almost a century to emerge .

But finished goods generally have a much higher value to weight ratio than do raw materials , and accordingly it was on the transit costs of the latter that canals had their most marked effect .
but finished goods generally have a much higher value to weight ratio than do raw materials , and [so] it was on the transit costs of the latter that canals had their most marked effect .

Accordingly , canals offered the only widespread opportunity of investing in £100 ordinary shares .
[so] , canals offered the only widespread opportunity of investing in £100 ordinary shares .

Accordingly , perception of a gap between social and private returns was not a major handicap to investment .
[so] , perception of a gap between social and private returns was not a major handicap to investment .

This function obtains a pixel count of any such material seen in the strip and sets the return value accordingly .
this function obtains a pixel count of any such material seen in the strip and sets the return value [so] .

If the constants defining message sizes msgSize , lMsgSize are changed then the corresponding messages must be changed accordingly and these occur at several points in the program .
if the constants defining message sizes msgsize , lmsgsize are changed then the corresponding messages must be changed [so] and these occur at several points in the program .

Accordingly , they believe that a considerable amount of government intervention is necessary to improve the way the economy works .
[so] , they believe that a considerable amount of government intervention is necessary to improve the way the economy works .

Accordingly the lenders got their security , and leave to turn it into good cash if no other cash redeemed it in time .
[so] the lenders got their security , and leave to turn it into good cash if no other cash redeemed it in time .

Dictionaries are produced with specific markets in mind and their contents vary accordingly .
dictionaries are produced with specific markets in mind and their contents vary [so] .

Accordingly we propose that the local controllers and supervisors of schools should normally be referred to as ‘ parents ’ .
[so] we propose that the local controllers and supervisors of schools should normally be referred to as ‘ parents ’ .

Bill accordingly read the Third time , and passed .
bill [so] read the third time , and passed .

Question accordingly negatived .
question [so] negatived .

Adjourned accordingly at sixteen minutes past Eleven o'clock .
adjourned [so] at sixteen minutes past eleven o'clock .

Adjourned accordingly at six minutes to Three o'clock .
adjourned [so] at six minutes to three o'clock .

Mrs. Alice Mahon accordingly presented a Bill to extend exemption from prescription charges , and to make further provision for , persons in receipt of certain categories of benefit ; to exempt from prescription charges the chronically ill and those over 60 ; and to exempt those over 60 from certain dental and optical charges : And the same was read the First time : and ordered to be read a Second time upon Friday 6 March and to be printed .
mrs. alice mahon [so] presented a bill to extend exemption from prescription charges , and to make further provision for , persons in receipt of certain categories of benefit ; to exempt from prescription charges the chronically ill and those over 60 ; and to exempt those over 60 from certain dental and optical charges : and the same was read the first time : and ordered to be read a second time upon friday 6 march and to be printed .

Employment with the Council shall be included among the kinds of employment to which a scheme under section 1 of the Superannuation Act 1972 can apply , and accordingly in Schedule 1 to that Act ( in which those kinds of employment are listed ) , at the end of the list of ’ Other Bodies ’ there is inserted — ’ Scottish Further Education Funding Council .
employment with the council shall be included among the kinds of employment to which a scheme under section 1 of the superannuation act 1972 can apply , and [so] in schedule 1 to that act ( in which those kinds of employment are listed ) , at the end of the list of ’ other bodies ’ there is inserted — ’ scottish further education funding council .

Bill accordingly read the Third time , and passed .
bill [so] read the third time , and passed .

Accordingly , we intend to provide in regulations for direct payments to start once that 100 per cent .
[so] , we intend to provide in regulations for direct payments to start once that 100 per cent .

One of our early tasks was to confront the report of the Serpell Committee in May 1982 , and accordingly we gave evidence at the All Wales Conference held in Cardiff in that year .
one of our early tasks was to confront the report of the serpell committee in may 1982 , and [so] we gave evidence at the all wales conference held in cardiff in that year .

Every department that scores highly in those assessments will benefit accordingly .
every department that scores highly in those assessments will benefit [so] .

Accordingly , when the White Paper was launched in July , my right hon .
[so] , when the white paper was launched in july , my right hon .

Should not consumers who are concerned about the welfare implications of intensive laying systems be able to shop accordingly ? In the light of the Minister 's reply to my hon. Friend the Member for Wakefield ( Mr. Hinchliffe ) , will he guarantee that at European level he will press for a system of mandatory labelling so that eggs are labelled ’ battery ’ , ’ barn eggs ’ , ’ free range ’ or whatever ? Is not that the most effective way of harnessing consumer choice in the cause of improving welfare standards ?
should not consumers who are concerned about the welfare implications of intensive laying systems be able to shop [so] ? in the light of the minister 's reply to my hon. friend the member for wakefield ( mr. hinchliffe ) , will he guarantee that at european level he will press for a system of mandatory labelling so that eggs are labelled ’ battery ’ , ’ barn eggs ’ , ’ free range ’ or whatever ? is not that the most effective way of harnessing consumer choice in the cause of improving welfare standards ?

Accordingly , the House of Lords referred the issues to the European Court of Justice so that the House of Lords could answer that question .
[so] , the house of lords referred the issues to the european court of justice so that the house of lords could answer that question .

What is the Attorney-General 's authority for saying that he can not rely on Crown privilege in relation to cross undertakings for damages ? Is not it crystal clear that the Government are willingly in collusion with those stores that are using salami tactics bit by bit — before Christmas , between Christmas and the new year and after the new year — and which so handsomely contribute to Conservative party funds ? Surely , circumstances have now changed and any reasonable Attorney-General would respond accordingly .
what is the attorney-general 's authority for saying that he can not rely on crown privilege in relation to cross undertakings for damages ? is not it crystal clear that the government are willingly in collusion with those stores that are using salami tactics bit by bit — before christmas , between christmas and the new year and after the new year — and which so handsomely contribute to conservative party funds ? surely , circumstances have now changed and any reasonable attorney-general would respond [so] .

Additional funds have been made available for the purpose and , accordingly , the reforms — including the establishment of trusts — cause no adverse effects on the hospital maintenance programme .
additional funds have been made available for the purpose and , [so] , the reforms — including the establishment of trusts — cause no adverse effects on the hospital maintenance programme .

Question accordingly negatived .
question [so] negatived .

Adjourned accordingly at twenty-three minutes past Two o'clock .
adjourned [so] at twenty-three minutes past two o'clock .

Adjourned accordingly at twenty-four minutes past Twelve o'clock .
adjourned [so] at twenty-four minutes past twelve o'clock .

Bill accordingly read a Second time .
bill [so] read a second time .

Question put accordingly and agreed to .
question put [so] and agreed to .

‘ Accordingly , on the fall of the hammer the property of this car passed to King unless that prima facie rule is excluded from applying because of a different intention appearing or because there was some condition in the contract preventing the rule from applying . ’
‘ [so] , on the fall of the hammer the property of this car passed to king unless that prima facie rule is excluded from applying because of a different intention appearing or because there was some condition in the contract preventing the rule from applying . ’

They made arrangements accordingly .
they made arrangements [so] .

Everyone will try to guess the state of the market and to govern his actions accordingly .
everyone will try to guess the state of the market and to govern his actions [so] .

With opportunism , a central monitoring unit is a possible way of controlling shirking , by monitoring input performance and adjusting compensation accordingly over time .
with opportunism , a central monitoring unit is a possible way of controlling shirking , by monitoring input performance and adjusting compensation [so] over time .

Accordingly , she quietly left the nurses ' station to go and take her patients ' before-lunch blood sugars , and carefully avoided Deana for the rest of the shift .
[so] , she quietly left the nurses ' station to go and take her patients ' before-lunch blood sugars , and carefully avoided deana for the rest of the shift .

Accordingly , Belinda left the veranda and went to her room , deciding on the way that she would wear her new black evening trousers and the pale apricot silk camisole top she had bought to go with them . It was the first silk garment she had owned , and it had been expensive , but Faye 's silk clothes always looked and felt so wonderful …
[so] , belinda left the veranda and went to her room , deciding on the way that she would wear her new black evening trousers and the pale apricot silk camisole top she had bought to go with them . it was the first silk garment she had owned , and it had been expensive , but faye 's silk clothes always looked and felt so wonderful …

Accordingly he disappeared into the upward-travelling lift , while she waited for one to take her down a floor where a corridor linked this building to the next one , in which the twenty-four-hour blood bank was located .
[so] he disappeared into the upward-travelling lift , while she waited for one to take her down a floor where a corridor linked this building to the next one , in which the twenty-four-hour blood bank was located .

Further , it is necessary to predict in advance the areas in which new subjects are likely to arise and to leave gaps accordingly ; this forecasting is obviously difficult .
further , it is necessary to predict in advance the areas in which new subjects are likely to arise and to leave gaps [so] ; this forecasting is obviously difficult .

Accordingly , if the government varies its debt policy to increase the tax burden on future generations , this will not necessarily be fully offset by changes in bequests .
[so] , if the government varies its debt policy to increase the tax burden on future generations , this will not necessarily be fully offset by changes in bequests .

He saw mainly the cloak and dagger aspects of scholarship , and acted accordingly .
he saw mainly the cloak and dagger aspects of scholarship , and acted [so] .

Accordingly , he asked me to lunch , and we went to the Russell Hotel , which was conveniently near his office .
[so] , he asked me to lunch , and we went to the russell hotel , which was conveniently near his office .

It was up to Joyce to respond accordingly .
it was up to joyce to respond [so] .

Accordingly , the subjects should get more ‘ choosy ’ with higher values of a or lower values of k , in the sense that they should have higher reservation values .
[so] , the subjects should get more ‘ choosy ’ with higher values of a or lower values of k , in the sense that they should have higher reservation values .

This result spills over onto the optimal output decision : since one can expect better sales prices with a higher σ or a lower k , one should accordingly produce more output with a higher σ or lower k .
this result spills over onto the optimal output decision : since one can expect better sales prices with a higher σ or a lower k , one should [so] produce more output with a higher σ or lower k .

They responded accordingly — reduced output in response to an increase in σ .
they responded [so] — reduced output in response to an increase in σ .

To make matters worse , the college authorities interpreted it as a reflection on the conduct and organization of the society , which they accordingly ordered to be disbanded with immediate effect .
to make matters worse , the college authorities interpreted it as a reflection on the conduct and organization of the society , which they [so] ordered to be disbanded with immediate effect .

Accordingly , he had restrained his own consumption just as Cunningham 's had begun to accelerate out of control .
[so] , he had restrained his own consumption just as cunningham 's had begun to accelerate out of control .

The Bank credits public deposits and debits bankers ' deposits accordingly .
the bank credits public deposits and debits bankers ' deposits [so] .

The demand both for money and for bank lending is increased at any absolute level of interest rates and the recorded money supply figures rise accordingly .
the demand both for money and for bank lending is increased at any absolute level of interest rates and the recorded money supply figures rise [so] .

Verdict accordingly .
verdict [so] .

Accordingly there was no consideration for the owner 's agreement to pay the further 10 per cent .
[so] there was no consideration for the owner 's agreement to pay the further 10 per cent .

With war conditions prevailing , it was apparent to those responsible that the rent reserved under the lease could not be paid out of the profits of the flats and , accordingly , discussions took place between the directors of the two companies concerned , which were closely associated , and an arrangement was made between them which was put into writing .
with war conditions prevailing , it was apparent to those responsible that the rent reserved under the lease could not be paid out of the profits of the flats and , [so] , discussions took place between the directors of the two companies concerned , which were closely associated , and an arrangement was made between them which was put into writing .

Turnover , cost of materials sold , net revenues and administrative expenses have been adjusted accordingly .
turnover , cost of materials sold , net revenues and administrative expenses have been adjusted [so] .

Tel : 0524 791175 Please amend your records accordingly .
tel : 0524 791175 please amend your records [so] .

Tel : 0524 791175 Please amend your records accordingly .
tel : 0524 791175 please amend your records [so] .

Accordingly , for the second trick , the King of Spades is played from dummy and then the Queen of Spades to the third trick .
[so] , for the second trick , the king of spades is played from dummy and then the queen of spades to the third trick .

Accordingly , twelve Savoia-Marchetti bombers were promised on 28 July .
[so] , twelve savoia-marchetti bombers were promised on 28 july .

Accordingly , the disability rights movement has looked for lessons from abroad when drawing up a manifesto for reform .
[so] , the disability rights movement has looked for lessons from abroad when drawing up a manifesto for reform .

The employee 's estimate of £100,000 in savings was accordingly thought to be too conservative .
the employee 's estimate of £100,000 in savings was [so] thought to be too conservative .

Accordingly the Court was ‘ wholly un-persuaded ’ that the fines imposed by the Crown Court were excessive .
[so] the court was ‘ wholly un-persuaded ’ that the fines imposed by the crown court were excessive .

These parties are urged to review their current practices in relation to the guidance promoted in the Code and Guidelines and take action accordingly .
these parties are urged to review their current practices in relation to the guidance promoted in the code and guidelines and take action [so] .

Engineers should therefore be conversant with any Codes of Conduct and Rules produced by their Institution ( s ) , and act accordingly .
engineers should therefore be conversant with any codes of conduct and rules produced by their institution ( s ) , and act [so] .

Accordingly , in the late 1930s there was much secret civil defence planning within Whitehall , culminating in the publication of the Anderson report on evacuation in October 1938 .
[so] , in the late 1930s there was much secret civil defence planning within whitehall , culminating in the publication of the anderson report on evacuation in october 1938 .

Accordingly , on 12 June 1940 Lord Woolton , Minister of Food , despatched a memorandum to the Food Policy Committee of the War Cabinet in which he identified three groups in the population to whom food distribution should be improved : workers in factories ( ‘ if we are to obtain the maximum production over a long period of time from them ’ ) , people on low incomes and ‘ children of school age and under and nursing mothers whom , on grounds both of humanity and of racial preservation , it is essential we should protect against malnutrition ’ .
[so] , on 12 june 1940 lord woolton , minister of food , despatched a memorandum to the food policy committee of the war cabinet in which he identified three groups in the population to whom food distribution should be improved : workers in factories ( ‘ if we are to obtain the maximum production over a long period of time from them ’ ) , people on low incomes and ‘ children of school age and under and nursing mothers whom , on grounds both of humanity and of racial preservation , it is essential we should protect against malnutrition ’ .

The proportion of the total variance such correlations account for is of course small and their importance should be judged accordingly .
the proportion of the total variance such correlations account for is of course small and their importance should be judged [so] .

We are accordingly cutting back central funding , but at the same time encouraging an increased local spend .
we are [so] cutting back central funding , but at the same time encouraging an increased local spend .

As Lothar was still only in the lower clerical orders , those of the deacon , he had to be ordained priest , which could only take place on the ember days , so accordingly the ceremonies were delayed until Saturday and Sunday 21/22 February , six weeks after the election .
as lothar was still only in the lower clerical orders , those of the deacon , he had to be ordained priest , which could only take place on the ember days , so [so] the ceremonies were delayed until saturday and sunday 21/22 february , six weeks after the election .

Accordingly the full weight of the curial machine was now brought into play .
[so] the full weight of the curial machine was now brought into play .

Accordingly they petitioned the pope to anoint Philip .
[so] they petitioned the pope to anoint philip .

Accordingly when Bishop Mauger attempted to visit them in 1202 , both parties , bishop and monks , believing in the rightness of their positions , appealed to the pope , and the abbey also appealed to the archbishop of Canterbury for tuition , or protection of this appeal , while matters were pending .
[so] when bishop mauger attempted to visit them in 1202 , both parties , bishop and monks , believing in the rightness of their positions , appealed to the pope , and the abbey also appealed to the archbishop of canterbury for tuition , or protection of this appeal , while matters were pending .

Hence they were also called Dualists and the Church condemned them accordingly as heretical in their beliefs .
hence they were also called dualists and the church condemned them [so] as heretical in their beliefs .

Accordingly , the differences of disciplinary interests mean that one needs to be very careful about the kinds of problems that are being addressed .
[so] , the differences of disciplinary interests mean that one needs to be very careful about the kinds of problems that are being addressed .

Accordingly , it appeared that all law-like generalisations were always derived inductively whereby the instances investigated stood as proxy for some total population .
[so] , it appeared that all law-like generalisations were always derived inductively whereby the instances investigated stood as proxy for some total population .

The upshot is that it looks as if major and fundamental matters are at stake about the very nature of sociology itself and that , accordingly , a choice has to be made , and made soon .
the upshot is that it looks as if major and fundamental matters are at stake about the very nature of sociology itself and that , [so] , a choice has to be made , and made soon .

It is not , accordingly , that there are no debates or issues here ; on the contrary .
it is not , [so] , that there are no debates or issues here ; on the contrary .

However , conventionally , which is not to say correctly , modes of social scientific explanation tend to see these elements as analytically separate orders of phenomena and , accordingly , data .
however , conventionally , which is not to say correctly , modes of social scientific explanation tend to see these elements as analytically separate orders of phenomena and , [so] , data .

Accordingly , some theoretical and methodological grounding for this transformation needs to be provided .
[so] , some theoretical and methodological grounding for this transformation needs to be provided .

Accordingly , to be sure that changes in managerial style have the effect found we need to take into account the actual or potential effects of all these other factors on the dependent variable , output .
[so] , to be sure that changes in managerial style have the effect found we need to take into account the actual or potential effects of all these other factors on the dependent variable , output .

Accordingly , if it is possible to establish the necessary correspondence between these characteristics and the property of concern , then relationships between the numbers should reflect the relation between objects with respect to the property being measured .
[so] , if it is possible to establish the necessary correspondence between these characteristics and the property of concern , then relationships between the numbers should reflect the relation between objects with respect to the property being measured .

Finally , the test items selected are weighted accordingly and used in research contexts to discriminate groups of different degrees of authoritarianism and search for any correlates which might explain such differences .
finally , the test items selected are weighted [so] and used in research contexts to discriminate groups of different degrees of authoritarianism and search for any correlates which might explain such differences .

Accordingly there is a choice about the level of accuracy we want to accept .
[so] there is a choice about the level of accuracy we want to accept .

Accordingly , the researcher needs to know a great deal about likely extraneous factors so that they can be controlled .
[so] , the researcher needs to know a great deal about likely extraneous factors so that they can be controlled .

Accordingly , in allocating each of the matched subjects to either the control or to the experimental group , and to ensure that there is no surreptitious influence determining this allocation , the researcher randomly allocates one of each matched pair of subjects to one or the other group .
[so] , in allocating each of the matched subjects to either the control or to the experimental group , and to ensure that there is no surreptitious influence determining this allocation , the researcher randomly allocates one of each matched pair of subjects to one or the other group .

Accordingly , if one wishes to produce a sample to estimate the prevalence of certain characteristics in the population of the United Kingdom , in principle one has to be able to list that population .
[so] , if one wishes to produce a sample to estimate the prevalence of certain characteristics in the population of the united kingdom , in principle one has to be able to list that population .

Accordingly , where large samples are necessary , the structured or semi-structured format provides a number of advantages .
[so] , where large samples are necessary , the structured or semi-structured format provides a number of advantages .

Both were granted regional status in 1974 and accordingly each elects a 41-member Regional Council ( responsible for economic and social planning ) for a maximum of six years .
both were granted regional status in 1974 and [so] each elects a 41-member regional council ( responsible for economic and social planning ) for a maximum of six years .

Hitherto the republics and provinces had been unable to agree on a budget and international financial institutions had accordingly blocked credits .
hitherto the republics and provinces had been unable to agree on a budget and international financial institutions had [so] blocked credits .

As announced on June 17 the offer to the general public was 3.2 times subscribed ; accordingly some of the shares allocated for institutional investors ( in part by tender ) and for overseas investors were " clawed back " to favour ( i ) customer applicants ; and ( ii ) other individuals who had applied for fewer than 1,000 shares .
as announced on june 17 the offer to the general public was 3.2 times subscribed ; [so] some of the shares allocated for institutional investors ( in part by tender ) and for overseas investors were " clawed back " to favour ( i ) customer applicants ; and ( ii ) other individuals who had applied for fewer than 1,000 shares .

Accordingly , on Oct. 22 , Bush carried out his threat to veto the bill .
[so] , on oct. 22 , bush carried out his threat to veto the bill .

Augustus Aikhomu , then Chief of General Staff , the actions of Maina since his appointment in December 1989 , had not been `` in consonance with the goals and objectives of this administration and accordingly he has been removed `` .
augustus aikhomu , then chief of general staff , the actions of maina since his appointment in december 1989 , had not been `` in consonance with the goals and objectives of this administration and [so] he has been removed `` .

( 2 ) The united Germany shall have accordingly full sovereignty over its internal and external affairs .
( 2 ) the united germany shall have [so] full sovereignty over its internal and external affairs .

Accordingly , the Serbian assembly voted on March 20 to reject Jovic 's resignation , and to restore all Serbian representation on the Collective State Presidency .
[so] , the serbian assembly voted on march 20 to reject jovic 's resignation , and to restore all serbian representation on the collective state presidency .

On Nov. 27 the lesser charges , of illegal arrest and detention of demonstrators , had accordingly been substituted .
on nov. 27 the lesser charges , of illegal arrest and detention of demonstrators , had [so] been substituted .

Aziz claimed that the budget aimed at the transfer of resources from rich to poor and it accordingly avoided measures which would be unpopular among the majority of the population .
aziz claimed that the budget aimed at the transfer of resources from rich to poor and it [so] avoided measures which would be unpopular among the majority of the population .

( In early December the Diet accordingly gave its consent , after long discussion , to a much-amended version of the bill . )
( in early december the diet [so] gave its consent , after long discussion , to a much-amended version of the bill . )

On the following day , however , after lengthy discussions with Cabinet and other colleagues , she announced that she was withdrawing and that she would accordingly resign as Prime Minister once the new party leader had been elected .
on the following day , however , after lengthy discussions with cabinet and other colleagues , she announced that she was withdrawing and that she would [so] resign as prime minister once the new party leader had been elected .

During a three-day visit to the north of Russia beginning on April 28 , Yeltsin was reported to have said in conversation that the Congress , having failed to resolve the land issue , would have to be dissolved ; he reportedly called for a referendum to be held to alter the constitution accordingly .
during a three-day visit to the north of russia beginning on april 28 , yeltsin was reported to have said in conversation that the congress , having failed to resolve the land issue , would have to be dissolved ; he reportedly called for a referendum to be held to alter the constitution [so] .

Accordingly he announced a suspension of allied military action from midnight ( i.e .
[so] he announced a suspension of allied military action from midnight ( i.e .

It has accordingly been stigmatised by Latin Europe .
it has [so] been stigmatised by latin europe .

( 4 ) In subsection ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) above " sign " , in relation to an instrument , includes making one 's mark on the instrument and " signature " is to be construed accordingly .
( 4 ) in subsection ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) above " sign " , in relation to an instrument , includes making one 's mark on the instrument and " signature " is to be construed [so] .

It is the plaintiff 's case that [ the agreement ] created no term sufficiently identifiable to be capable of recognition by the law , and that accordingly no tenancy was created .
it is the plaintiff 's case that [ the agreement ] created no term sufficiently identifiable to be capable of recognition by the law , and that [so] no tenancy was created .

Accordingly , the simple statement of the law that the maximum duration of a term must be certainly known in advance of its taking effect could not have direct reference to periodic tenancies … In Lace v Chantler the duration of the war could not be predicted and there was no provision for either party to bring the tenancy to an end before the war ended , and that event might itself be very hard to pinpoint .
[so] , the simple statement of the law that the maximum duration of a term must be certainly known in advance of its taking effect could not have direct reference to periodic tenancies … in lace v chantler the duration of the war could not be predicted and there was no provision for either party to bring the tenancy to an end before the war ended , and that event might itself be very hard to pinpoint .

( 6 ) Where an offence under this section committed by a body corporate is proved to have been committed with the consent or connivance of , or to be attributable to any neglect on the part of , any director , manager or secretary or other similar officer of the body corporate or any person who was purporting to act in any such capacity , he as well as the body corporate shall be guilty of that offence and shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly .
( 6 ) where an offence under this section committed by a body corporate is proved to have been committed with the consent or connivance of , or to be attributable to any neglect on the part of , any director , manager or secretary or other similar officer of the body corporate or any person who was purporting to act in any such capacity , he as well as the body corporate shall be guilty of that offence and shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished [so] .

Accordingly land could not be stolen .
[so] land could not be stolen .

Accordingly , there was no misappropriation , and the conviction was quashed .
[so] , there was no misappropriation , and the conviction was quashed .

Accordingly Morris was applied with the result that the accused was not guilty because the shop manager had consented to the taking of the items .
[so] morris was applied with the result that the accused was not guilty because the shop manager had consented to the taking of the items .

By s.5 ( 2 ) : [ w ] here property is subject to a trust , the persons to whom it belongs shall be regarded as including any person having a right to enforce the trust , and an intention to defeat the trust shall be regarded accordingly as an intention to deprive of the property any person having that right .
by s.5 ( 2 ) : [ w ] here property is subject to a trust , the persons to whom it belongs shall be regarded as including any person having a right to enforce the trust , and an intention to defeat the trust shall be regarded [so] as an intention to deprive of the property any person having that right .

By s.5(4) : [ w ] here a person gets property by another 's mistake and is under an obligation to make restoration ( in whole or in part ) of the property or its proceeds or the value thereof , then to the extent of that obligation the property or proceeds shall be regarded ( as against him ) as belonging to the person entitled to restoration , and an intention not to make restoration shall be regarded accordingly as an intention to deprive that person of the property or proceeds .
by s.5(4) : [ w ] here a person gets property by another 's mistake and is under an obligation to make restoration ( in whole or in part ) of the property or its proceeds or the value thereof , then to the extent of that obligation the property or proceeds shall be regarded ( as against him ) as belonging to the person entitled to restoration , and an intention not to make restoration shall be regarded [so] as an intention to deprive that person of the property or proceeds .

Similarly , if the accused obtains the thing by deception through inducing a mistaken belief in the mind of the victim but ownership is not transferred because of the type of mistake , the victim retains an interest within s.5 ( 1 ) and accordingly the property can be stolen by the accused 's appropriation .
similarly , if the accused obtains the thing by deception through inducing a mistaken belief in the mind of the victim but ownership is not transferred because of the type of mistake , the victim retains an interest within s.5 ( 1 ) and [so] the property can be stolen by the accused 's appropriation .

Accordingly , using force without threat is robbery , only because there must be menaces in blackmail .
[so] , using force without threat is robbery , only because there must be menaces in blackmail .

Accordingly , it is not blackmail where the accused extorts oral sex from the victim because that is not `` money or other property `` .
[so] , it is not blackmail where the accused extorts oral sex from the victim because that is not `` money or other property `` .

Accordingly the accused is at present guilty if he negligently caused such injury .
[so] the accused is at present guilty if he negligently caused such injury .

We can accordingly make a general summary of the tasks you are being invited to perform in response to essay questions .
we can [so] make a general summary of the tasks you are being invited to perform in response to essay questions .

Accordingly , when you have identified the areas in common , and the divergences , between exam questions and essay topics of your own , you can draw appropriately on skills you have learnt in one kind of work while doing another .
[so] , when you have identified the areas in common , and the divergences , between exam questions and essay topics of your own , you can draw appropriately on skills you have learnt in one kind of work while doing another .

Accordingly , your title needs not only to indicate what the essay will be about , but also the point of view it will adopt concerning whatever it is about .
[so] , your title needs not only to indicate what the essay will be about , but also the point of view it will adopt concerning whatever it is about .

What you need to do , in using the expression , is to anticipate what effect its use is likely to have on your probable readers — and act accordingly .
what you need to do , in using the expression , is to anticipate what effect its use is likely to have on your probable readers — and act [so] .

Accordingly , you can show your reader that your critical judgements are based on what you know has been achieved by other writers you have read ( effects which can therefore be compared with each other ) .
[so] , you can show your reader that your critical judgements are based on what you know has been achieved by other writers you have read ( effects which can therefore be compared with each other ) .

Adopting an inappropriate style can accordingly damage your credibility as a writer , and undermine the force of the points your essay makes .
adopting an inappropriate style can [so] damage your credibility as a writer , and undermine the force of the points your essay makes .

We could accordingly rewrite this opening as : In the `` Sonnet on the Death of Mr Richard West `` , formal qualities of the sonnet ( such as its rhyme scheme , division between octave and sestet and mode of address ) are moulded to suit the mournful tone of an emotional elegy .
we could [so] rewrite this opening as : in the `` sonnet on the death of mr richard west `` , formal qualities of the sonnet ( such as its rhyme scheme , division between octave and sestet and mode of address ) are moulded to suit the mournful tone of an emotional elegy .

Accordingly , as you convert your plan into a series of sections or paragraph topics , you should think carefully about the logical or rhetorical relationship between them : e.g .
[so] , as you convert your plan into a series of sections or paragraph topics , you should think carefully about the logical or rhetorical relationship between them : e.g .

You can accordingly make a decision about using it 's or its on the basis of what you gain and what you lose .
you can [so] make a decision about using it 's or its on the basis of what you gain and what you lose .

Also , if you have not already installed a phone system for guests , you may be able to increase your rating , and , accordingly , the room rate you charge .
also , if you have not already installed a phone system for guests , you may be able to increase your rating , and , [so] , the room rate you charge .

Volenti would not appear to be applicable but the court might hold that Arthur has been contributorily negligent in respect of his injury and reduce damages accordingly .
volenti would not appear to be applicable but the court might hold that arthur has been contributorily negligent in respect of his injury and reduce damages [so] .

Cnut 's men had fought hard , and doubtless expected to be remunerated accordingly .
cnut 's men had fought hard , and doubtless expected to be remunerated [so] .

Even his Icelandic skalds understood this , and adapted their products accordingly .
even his icelandic skalds understood this , and adapted their products [so] .

It has been vital to let these colleagues know what will be required of students in the additional assessment , so that they can plan their course work accordingly .
it has been vital to let these colleagues know what will be required of students in the additional assessment , so that they can plan their course work [so] .

Accordingly , this requires recognition of the dynamics of industrial change , which are often obscured by reference solely to comparative theoretical equilibria , as in the neoclassical tradition .
[so] , this requires recognition of the dynamics of industrial change , which are often obscured by reference solely to comparative theoretical equilibria , as in the neoclassical tradition .

Accordingly their mobility , though constant , was roughly constrained by a circle of 15 miles around the relevant town .
[so] their mobility , though constant , was roughly constrained by a circle of 15 miles around the relevant town .

Accordingly workers striking on an economic upswing often found employers more ready to negotiate than to prosecute , although if masters decided to combine to take on the union by resisting a wage demand or even enforcing a cut and bound themselves not to employ each other 's dismissed workmen , the law might be a more ready resort .
[so] workers striking on an economic upswing often found employers more ready to negotiate than to prosecute , although if masters decided to combine to take on the union by resisting a wage demand or even enforcing a cut and bound themselves not to employ each other 's dismissed workmen , the law might be a more ready resort .

And accordingly , listeners process acoustic information less carefully when dealing with predictable words .
and [so] , listeners process acoustic information less carefully when dealing with predictable words .

Accordingly , when either mid or mixed input utterances are matched against the lexicon , they are first expanded into all possible phonemic representations and each such representation is matched against the tree as described above .
[so] , when either mid or mixed input utterances are matched against the lexicon , they are first expanded into all possible phonemic representations and each such representation is matched against the tree as described above .

In the General Prologue the Reeve is thus described : and : and the Host responds to the serious reflections of the Reeve 's Prologue accordingly : But the Host too has appropriated a character , as judge and ruler of the tale-telling game , that takes him beyond the predictable attributes of his normal station in life : while in the fiction of the Tales , the Miller has just been attributed with the strengths of the court poet Chaucer as a narrator .
in the general prologue the reeve is thus described : and : and the host responds to the serious reflections of the reeve 's prologue [so] : but the host too has appropriated a character , as judge and ruler of the tale-telling game , that takes him beyond the predictable attributes of his normal station in life : while in the fiction of the tales , the miller has just been attributed with the strengths of the court poet chaucer as a narrator .

At each stage , if they pass , the employees name badge moves up a colour and their pay increases accordingly .
at each stage , if they pass , the employees name badge moves up a colour and their pay increases [so] .

The natives on the other hand , being bilingual , had a shrewd idea of what the Greeks wanted to hear and spoke accordingly .
the natives on the other hand , being bilingual , had a shrewd idea of what the greeks wanted to hear and spoke [so] .

Accordingly , when the call to Basle came in 1869 , he accepted .
[so] , when the call to basle came in 1869 , he accepted .

Accordingly , in the autumn of 1870 , under the new title `` Tragedy and the Freethinkers `` , he drew up the first main plan whose scope , in both space and time , went substantially beyond Greece .
[so] , in the autumn of 1870 , under the new title `` tragedy and the freethinkers `` , he drew up the first main plan whose scope , in both space and time , went substantially beyond greece .

The two essays , accordingly , reveal Wagner 's influence on Nietzsche and equally his own debt to him — one unmistakable sign of this being a casual allusion in The Destiny of Opera to the Apolline-Dionysiac polarity as to a pre-existing conceptual entity .
the two essays , [so] , reveal wagner 's influence on nietzsche and equally his own debt to him — one unmistakable sign of this being a casual allusion in the destiny of opera to the apolline-dionysiac polarity as to a pre-existing conceptual entity .

His heroes had none of the traditional grandeur appropriate to demigods and he reduced the customary high language of the genre accordingly .
his heroes had none of the traditional grandeur appropriate to demigods and he reduced the customary high language of the genre [so] .

Accordingly , he formulated a new conception of drama to suit his own inclinations .
[so] , he formulated a new conception of drama to suit his own inclinations .

Accordingly , among 25 countries , the reduction of infant deaths alone would range from 5 to 40 per cent ( Maine and McNamara , 1985 , p.17 ) and for the same 25 countries , the average reduction in infant mortality would be about 10 per cent and in death rates of children aged 1–4 years , 21 per cent ( Trussell and Pebley , 1984 , p.21 ) .
[so] , among 25 countries , the reduction of infant deaths alone would range from 5 to 40 per cent ( maine and mcnamara , 1985 , p.17 ) and for the same 25 countries , the average reduction in infant mortality would be about 10 per cent and in death rates of children aged 1–4 years , 21 per cent ( trussell and pebley , 1984 , p.21 ) .

The above is intended to indicate the fairly small amounts of formaldehyde likely to gain access to the air in an embalming theatre , never-the-less we are very aware of the potential hazard of the gas and advise our members accordingly .
the above is intended to indicate the fairly small amounts of formaldehyde likely to gain access to the air in an embalming theatre , never-the-less we are very aware of the potential hazard of the gas and advise our members [so] .

Accordingly , the aims of this study were ( 1 ) to confirm our previous preliminary finding that chemiluminescence is increased in colonic tissue from humans with active colitis , ( 2 ) to determine the cellular and biochemical sources of this chemiluminescence , ( 3 ) to identify the particular reactive oxygen species species involved , and ( 4 ) to find out if mucosal chemiluminescence is a reliable index of disease activity .
[so] , the aims of this study were ( 1 ) to confirm our previous preliminary finding that chemiluminescence is increased in colonic tissue from humans with active colitis , ( 2 ) to determine the cellular and biochemical sources of this chemiluminescence , ( 3 ) to identify the particular reactive oxygen species species involved , and ( 4 ) to find out if mucosal chemiluminescence is a reliable index of disease activity .

The phosphate concentrations were changed accordingly to incorporate the molar calcium to phosphate ratio of about 0.5 , which is typical for human diets .
the phosphate concentrations were changed [so] to incorporate the molar calcium to phosphate ratio of about 0.5 , which is typical for human diets .

Accordingly , it seems as though only small fragments of gliadin can be taken up , and that an intraluminal digestion of orally ingested gliadin is a prerequisite for the uptake .
[so] , it seems as though only small fragments of gliadin can be taken up , and that an intraluminal digestion of orally ingested gliadin is a prerequisite for the uptake .

By endoscopy the nature of the bleeding site can be identified and the operation planned accordingly .
by endoscopy the nature of the bleeding site can be identified and the operation planned [so] .

Accordingly , it is reasonable to continue the search for alternative treatments that provide equivalent or better results with lower morbidity .
[so] , it is reasonable to continue the search for alternative treatments that provide equivalent or better results with lower morbidity .

Accordingly , the Company is committed to the protection and enhancement of the environment .
[so] , the company is committed to the protection and enhancement of the environment .

It was accordingly wound up at the end of May .
it was [so] wound up at the end of may .

This can be dealt with by revaluing the asset annually using special indices of cost of capital and adjusting depreciation provisions accordingly .
this can be dealt with by revaluing the asset annually using special indices of cost of capital and adjusting depreciation provisions [so] .

‘ It 's right to hand him back to the government of the country to which he belongs in the expectation that he will be properly treated and if he has committed a war crime he would be tried accordingly , ’ Lord Aldington replied .
‘ it 's right to hand him back to the government of the country to which he belongs in the expectation that he will be properly treated and if he has committed a war crime he would be tried [so] , ’ lord aldington replied .

The Forest courts were accordingly revived or infused with a new spirit of severity .
the forest courts were [so] revived or infused with a new spirit of severity .

Accordingly , a perambulation of the forest of Essex was made on 16 August 1641 , by a jury of twenty-four knights and an esquire , in the presence of fourteen royal commissioners and the officers of the Forest .
[so] , a perambulation of the forest of essex was made on 16 august 1641 , by a jury of twenty-four knights and an esquire , in the presence of fourteen royal commissioners and the officers of the forest .

The New Forest Act of 1877 accordingly represented a change of policy .
the new forest act of 1877 [so] represented a change of policy .

Distances are judged accordingly .
distances are judged [so] .

If the horse is dealt with brusquely ; suddenly brought into a place of noise , shouting people , and strange activity ; then restrained and tied so tightly that it is even more anxious ; it will be frightened and expect to be hurt , and behave accordingly .
if the horse is dealt with brusquely ; suddenly brought into a place of noise , shouting people , and strange activity ; then restrained and tied so tightly that it is even more anxious ; it will be frightened and expect to be hurt , and behave [so] .

Your event will have its own needs and the composition of the committee may be suggested accordingly .
your event will have its own needs and the composition of the committee may be suggested [so] .

Negative comment about the Führer had , of course , always been dangerous , but now it was tantamount to high treason and was punished accordingly .
negative comment about the führer had , of course , always been dangerous , but now it was tantamount to high treason and was punished [so] .

Accordingly , Hitler 's credibility suffered still further .
[so] , hitler 's credibility suffered still further .

Scripture accordingly has three levels of meaning corresponding to the three levels of reality : ( a ) a literal historical sense , ( b ) a moral meaning , and ( c ) a spiritual interpretation .
scripture [so] has three levels of meaning corresponding to the three levels of reality : ( a ) a literal historical sense , ( b ) a moral meaning , and ( c ) a spiritual interpretation .

Shultz treated it accordingly .
shultz treated it [so] .

The burning responded accordingly : a single , spear-like leap of interest .
the burning responded [so] : a single , spear-like leap of interest .

The textbooks will , accordingly , have to be re-written .
the textbooks will , [so] , have to be re-written .

Accordingly , Leicestershire made the most of an attack which contained only two seamers , neither of whom were able to make the ball lift above the knee-cap , and three spinners of uncertain intent .
[so] , leicestershire made the most of an attack which contained only two seamers , neither of whom were able to make the ball lift above the knee-cap , and three spinners of uncertain intent .

The Government have accordingly decided to plan on the basis that there will be no further call-up under the National Service Acts after the end of 1960 .
the government have [so] decided to plan on the basis that there will be no further call-up under the national service acts after the end of 1960 .

The other day it occurred to me that there are maybe two kinds of intelligence in the world : one that 's very open , that tries to take on everything , and accordingly gets paralysed by choice : another kind that 's narrow , that finds strength focusing on some things and excluding most everything else …
the other day it occurred to me that there are maybe two kinds of intelligence in the world : one that 's very open , that tries to take on everything , and [so] gets paralysed by choice : another kind that 's narrow , that finds strength focusing on some things and excluding most everything else …

The needs and waste of humanity have multiplied accordingly .
the needs and waste of humanity have multiplied [so] .

Accordingly , our sensations simply are as they are , and error enters only when we make mistaken judgements on their basis .
[so] , our sensations simply are as they are , and error enters only when we make mistaken judgements on their basis .

Locke 's motives for rejecting them , accordingly , vary from case to case .
locke 's motives for rejecting them , [so] , vary from case to case .

Accordingly , for him , the real essence of gold , which accounts for and explains those properties of gold with which we are familiar , and which constitute our idea or nominal essence of it , is its corpuscular or atomic constitution .
[so] , for him , the real essence of gold , which accounts for and explains those properties of gold with which we are familiar , and which constitute our idea or nominal essence of it , is its corpuscular or atomic constitution .

These are that Japan now matters as much to America as America does to Japan , and that it would do both some good if Japan acted accordingly .
these are that japan now matters as much to america as america does to japan , and that it would do both some good if japan acted [so] .

More important , forces on the ground can track the progress of an order — so commanders know exactly how long they will be waiting for spares and can plan accordingly .
more important , forces on the ground can track the progress of an order — so commanders know exactly how long they will be waiting for spares and can plan [so] .

His popularity rating dropped accordingly .
his popularity rating dropped [so] .

Accordingly , he jotted down a reminder in his book .
[so] , he jotted down a reminder in his book .

He accordingly renamed it the ‘ Eskimo Pie ’ and chose the distinctive Eskimo symbol that still appears on the wrapping .
he [so] renamed it the ‘ eskimo pie ’ and chose the distinctive eskimo symbol that still appears on the wrapping .

The geological record of the phylum is accordingly excellent .
the geological record of the phylum is [so] excellent .

If the country does not save enough to achieve the target , we will alter taxes and public spending accordingly , to ensure adequate long-term investment and keep the economy developing in a non-inflationary way .
if the country does not save enough to achieve the target , we will alter taxes and public spending [so] , to ensure adequate long-term investment and keep the economy developing in a non-inflationary way .

Accordingly , islands of the ancient Mediterranean also contained giant dormice .
[so] , islands of the ancient mediterranean also contained giant dormice .

Some flowers , accordingly , are ultraviolet-coloured .
some flowers , [so] , are ultraviolet-coloured .

Many plants , for example , are sensitive to the length of day , and have geared their lives accordingly .
many plants , for example , are sensitive to the length of day , and have geared their lives [so] .

Several greens and tees required attention and on Messrs. Carters advice , a ton of charcoal ( £7 delivered ) was distributed over their surfaces accordingly .
several greens and tees required attention and on messrs. carters advice , a ton of charcoal ( £7 delivered ) was distributed over their surfaces [so] .

And accordingly it was drawn .
and [so] it was drawn .

As a result the Rules would need complete revision and accordingly at that time take into account the Committee constitution as a somewhat separate issue .
as a result the rules would need complete revision and [so] at that time take into account the committee constitution as a somewhat separate issue .

We believe that the railways can play a bigger part in responding to Britain 's growing transport needs , and are investing accordingly .
we believe that the railways can play a bigger part in responding to britain 's growing transport needs , and are investing [so] .

Do n't forget to contact your house insurance company , and ask them to increase the buildings cover accordingly to include the new building .
do n't forget to contact your house insurance company , and ask them to increase the buildings cover [so] to include the new building .

Where loans are eligible , effective monthly repayments can be reduced accordingly in the same way as most Bank or Building Society mortgages operate , giving you the benefits of tax relief straight away .
where loans are eligible , effective monthly repayments can be reduced [so] in the same way as most bank or building society mortgages operate , giving you the benefits of tax relief straight away .

Accordingly , we offer some comments on some alternative ‘ explanations ’ that have been given .
[so] , we offer some comments on some alternative ‘ explanations ’ that have been given .

When the new owners who proposed to convert the barn first saw it in 1978 , the whole structure had been used for stabling horses , and accordingly , brick partitions had been erected to form stalls inside .
when the new owners who proposed to convert the barn first saw it in 1978 , the whole structure had been used for stabling horses , and [so] , brick partitions had been erected to form stalls inside .

The architect owner admits that it might have been better to regard the converted building primarily as a house and to order priorities for the location and constructional ‘ envelopes ’ of rooms accordingly .
the architect owner admits that it might have been better to regard the converted building primarily as a house and to order priorities for the location and constructional ‘ envelopes ’ of rooms [so] .

He had his father 's gift for sensing what sort of an audience he was addressing , and adapting his matter accordingly .
he had his father 's gift for sensing what sort of an audience he was addressing , and adapting his matter [so] .

He can rely on this and plan accordingly .
he can rely on this and plan [so] .

Accordingly the county court judge had no power under Order 5 , rule 5 to make the order by which , on the defendant 's application , the appellant was ordered to pay £861 .
[so] the county court judge had no power under order 5 , rule 5 to make the order by which , on the defendant 's application , the appellant was ordered to pay £861 .

Accordingly if the defendant had commenced proceedings in which the court would have had jurisdiction to order contribution against the appellant , the claim would have been statute barred .
[so] if the defendant had commenced proceedings in which the court would have had jurisdiction to order contribution against the appellant , the claim would have been statute barred .

The Irish Director of Public Prosecutions , Eamonn Barnes , said in a statement that the evidence provided by the British Crown Prosecution Service was ‘ not sufficient for the purpose and accordingly a prosecution could not be justified ’ .
the irish director of public prosecutions , eamonn barnes , said in a statement that the evidence provided by the british crown prosecution service was ‘ not sufficient for the purpose and [so] a prosecution could not be justified ’ .

He believed that recession was a more immediate enemy than inflation and acted accordingly .
he believed that recession was a more immediate enemy than inflation and acted [so] .

The deference the government is showing him points to the recognition , finally , that Mr Mandela is the symbolic leader of the disenfranchised black majority , and that he is , accordingly , a key player .
the deference the government is showing him points to the recognition , finally , that mr mandela is the symbolic leader of the disenfranchised black majority , and that he is , [so] , a key player .

The reader 's criteria for judging articles will vary accordingly .
the reader 's criteria for judging articles will vary [so] .

Raise the height of cut accordingly .
raise the height of cut [so] .

Sometimes they were a little lifeless , not with lethargy or simple weariness ( they could be that , but then his whole body-language ‘ drooped ’ accordingly ) , but with a specific withdrawn quality which , when taken with a certain passivity of the face , can be hard and unyielding : betokening a concern — even a resentment — in being examined in that particular way .
sometimes they were a little lifeless , not with lethargy or simple weariness ( they could be that , but then his whole body-language ‘ drooped ’ [so] ) , but with a specific withdrawn quality which , when taken with a certain passivity of the face , can be hard and unyielding : betokening a concern — even a resentment — in being examined in that particular way .

Accordingly , he read arts in his first year ; commerce ( which included accounting , commercial law , political science and a couple of doses of mathematics ) in his second ; arts ( though strangely retaining political science ) for his third and fourth years , to which was added zoology .
[so] , he read arts in his first year ; commerce ( which included accounting , commercial law , political science and a couple of doses of mathematics ) in his second ; arts ( though strangely retaining political science ) for his third and fourth years , to which was added zoology .

He grew mentally and spiritually , and his art increased accordingly , in depth and dexterity .
he grew mentally and spiritually , and his art increased [so] , in depth and dexterity .

Leonard was a natural choice for the first of the new series , both in bearing and background he represented , not merely McGill , but Canada itself ; he was accordingly approached .
leonard was a natural choice for the first of the new series , both in bearing and background he represented , not merely mcgill , but canada itself ; he was [so] approached .

Then you can tailor your training accordingly .
then you can tailor your training [so] .

Either of these faults means that the attacking technique is well developed before you move into it , and so your front barring arm or groin suffer accordingly .
either of these faults means that the attacking technique is well developed before you move into it , and so your front barring arm or groin suffer [so] .

The very phrase ‘ the Ulster people ’ refers to those who originally set up the true faith in Ireland and colonized the land accordingly .
the very phrase ‘ the ulster people ’ refers to those who originally set up the true faith in ireland and colonized the land [so] .

‘ You shameless hussy ! ’ said Cook , and thought accordingly worse of the foreign gentleman for arousing such fancies .
‘ you shameless hussy ! ’ said cook , and thought [so] worse of the foreign gentleman for arousing such fancies .

Yet few organisations adjust their marketing effort and their management priorities accordingly .
yet few organisations adjust their marketing effort and their management priorities [so] .

Speaking in Record Mirror , Johnny Marr answered accusations of arrogance accordingly .
speaking in record mirror , johnny marr answered accusations of arrogance [so] .

They are seen as a revolutionary force and as such , should act accordingly .
they are seen as a revolutionary force and as such , should act [so] .

The band performed at the very peak of their live power and the volatile Scottish crowds responded accordingly .
the band performed at the very peak of their live power and the volatile scottish crowds responded [so] .

Within the ranks of the music press , there seemed to be a genuine grief at the split and the band 's loyal followers responded accordingly , filling the letter pages with tearful , doleful sentiment .
within the ranks of the music press , there seemed to be a genuine grief at the split and the band 's loyal followers responded [so] , filling the letter pages with tearful , doleful sentiment .

Some reasoned that niceness and forgivingness were evidently winning qualities , and they accordingly submitted nice , forgiving strategies .
some reasoned that niceness and forgivingness were evidently winning qualities , and they [so] submitted nice , forgiving strategies .

Their accommodation was modified accordingly .
their accommodation was modified [so] .

Fleming himself , to his credit , was at first distressed by the publicity and wrote accordingly to Florey .
fleming himself , to his credit , was at first distressed by the publicity and wrote [so] to florey .

Methods of clinical investigation were in their infancy , and it was open to any distinguished consultant to adopt a new treatment , profess himself satisfied by its results and enhance his reputation and his practice accordingly .
methods of clinical investigation were in their infancy , and it was open to any distinguished consultant to adopt a new treatment , profess himself satisfied by its results and enhance his reputation and his practice [so] .

Members of the commune are advised to arrange themselves accordingly .
members of the commune are advised to arrange themselves [so] .

From there they were handed over to the Americans , who suspected them of being spies and treated them accordingly .
from there they were handed over to the americans , who suspected them of being spies and treated them [so] .

It then adjusts the engine speed accordingly via second throttle .
it then adjusts the engine speed [so] via second throttle .

In many cases you have to lower your expectations accordingly .
in many cases you have to lower your expectations [so] .

Internationally , incipient demand is important for marketing , because by projecting trends into the future , companies can estimate when latent demand will emerge , and can develop a marketing plan in advance accordingly .
internationally , incipient demand is important for marketing , because by projecting trends into the future , companies can estimate when latent demand will emerge , and can develop a marketing plan in advance [so] .

The proposal was that His Majesty would invite certain individuals as individuals to take upon their shoulders the burden of carrying on the Government and Mr. Baldwin and Mr. Samuel ( sic ) had stated that they were prepared to act accordingly … the Administration would not exist for a period longer than was necessary to dispose of the emergency , and when that purpose was achieved the political parties would resume their respective positions .
the proposal was that his majesty would invite certain individuals as individuals to take upon their shoulders the burden of carrying on the government and mr. baldwin and mr. samuel ( sic ) had stated that they were prepared to act [so] … the administration would not exist for a period longer than was necessary to dispose of the emergency , and when that purpose was achieved the political parties would resume their respective positions .

Accordingly two sets of legislation were introduced in the 1960s : the Race Relations Act , which maintained the liberal facade of the state and which , though so weak as to be almost useless in practice , had as a basis the assumption that black people were a part of the community and needed to be protected from racial prejudice : in contrast , and much more effective , were the Immigration Acts , which themselves discriminated against black workers .
[so] two sets of legislation were introduced in the 1960s : the race relations act , which maintained the liberal facade of the state and which , though so weak as to be almost useless in practice , had as a basis the assumption that black people were a part of the community and needed to be protected from racial prejudice : in contrast , and much more effective , were the immigration acts , which themselves discriminated against black workers .

True , all acts of government policy create a presumption that they will remain in force and are an invitation to the citizen to adapt his private behaviour accordingly ; but the tendency of decisions in the social service field to create vested interests is of a quite peculiar order .
true , all acts of government policy create a presumption that they will remain in force and are an invitation to the citizen to adapt his private behaviour [so] ; but the tendency of decisions in the social service field to create vested interests is of a quite peculiar order .

’ Accordingly the Conservative Government — a non-planning party , mind you — announced that .
’ [so] the conservative government — a non-planning party , mind you — announced that .

With this method , you should be able to identify your band 's strengths and weaknesses quite quickly , and to write and arrange accordingly .
with this method , you should be able to identify your band 's strengths and weaknesses quite quickly , and to write and arrange [so] .

Even apparently subversive convulsions like punk ended up encouraging rock 's incursions into all sectors of modern consumerism , and so the music 's press coverage has altered accordingly .
even apparently subversive convulsions like punk ended up encouraging rock 's incursions into all sectors of modern consumerism , and so the music 's press coverage has altered [so] .

The accountant , in conjunction with the lawyer , will consider using a separate limited company to undertake the touring activity , and advise accordingly .
the accountant , in conjunction with the lawyer , will consider using a separate limited company to undertake the touring activity , and advise [so] .

’ Certainly , he failed to respond immediately to the gravity of the situation , and his authority slumped accordingly .
’ certainly , he failed to respond immediately to the gravity of the situation , and his authority slumped [so] .

Henceforth unions could be fined very heavily for conducting what were deemed to be unlawful strikes : several of them were to suffer accordingly , starting with the National Graphical Association .
henceforth unions could be fined very heavily for conducting what were deemed to be unlawful strikes : several of them were to suffer [so] , starting with the national graphical association .

Thus , in its first two years , the government 's reputation slumped sharply ; Mrs Thatcher 's ability to impose her personality upon it suffered accordingly .
thus , in its first two years , the government 's reputation slumped sharply ; mrs thatcher 's ability to impose her personality upon it suffered [so] .

The average citizen 's standard of living rose accordingly , as income and social expectations mounted steadily .
the average citizen 's standard of living rose [so] , as income and social expectations mounted steadily .

As his work progressed he read more and more about non-European societies and modified his general historical views accordingly .
as his work progressed he read more and more about non-european societies and modified his general historical views [so] .

‘ Accordingly , the effect of the report is to confirm the conclusions the board has already reached on the financial effects of the fraud on Ferranti International . ’
‘ [so] , the effect of the report is to confirm the conclusions the board has already reached on the financial effects of the fraud on ferranti international . ’

Atahuallpa , 33-years-old we are carefully informed , is unmistakably a Christ-figure , and throughout the second half Jack Klaff is dressed and posed accordingly , culminating in a pieta in Pizarro 's arms .
atahuallpa , 33-years-old we are carefully informed , is unmistakably a christ-figure , and throughout the second half jack klaff is dressed and posed [so] , culminating in a pieta in pizarro 's arms .

Accordingly , the Agricultural Training Board , like similar organisations , needed to consider the priorities it gave in these areas .
[so] , the agricultural training board , like similar organisations , needed to consider the priorities it gave in these areas .

The action of the chemical substances will accordingly include leaving a permanent trace in the brain by affecting the processes of recollection ’ .
the action of the chemical substances will [so] include leaving a permanent trace in the brain by affecting the processes of recollection ’ .

Accordingly , 1-cyclopropyl-quinolonecarboxylic acids and 1-cyclopropyl-azaquinolonecarboxylic acids did not feature in the literature until the mid-1970s .
[so] , 1-cyclopropyl-quinolonecarboxylic acids and 1-cyclopropyl-azaquinolonecarboxylic acids did not feature in the literature until the mid-1970s .

Accordingly , in this section we shall expand the three levels of prevention to four , that is , primary , secondary , tertiary , and quaternary .
[so] , in this section we shall expand the three levels of prevention to four , that is , primary , secondary , tertiary , and quaternary .

Remember as you head up and bear away that the sail will need to be sheeted in and out accordingly , otherwise the board will stop .
remember as you head up and bear away that the sail will need to be sheeted in and out [so] , otherwise the board will stop .

After each race the handicaps are altered accordingly , so there is personal satisfaction in decreasing your handicap much the same way as in golf .
after each race the handicaps are altered [so] , so there is personal satisfaction in decreasing your handicap much the same way as in golf .

Accordingly a huge onshore and offshore exploration and production effort is planned but finance may prove a problem .
[so] a huge onshore and offshore exploration and production effort is planned but finance may prove a problem .

Other dinar deposits are classified according to their period , ranging from ‘ sight ’ to two years or more , and their interest rates vary accordingly .
other dinar deposits are classified according to their period , ranging from ‘ sight ’ to two years or more , and their interest rates vary [so] .

The idea was that , if the government simply ‘ announced ’ that the rate of inflation in the coming year would be such and such , and reduced the rate of interest in line with that forecast , public expectations would adjust accordingly , and the rate of inflation would come down to that level .
the idea was that , if the government simply ‘ announced ’ that the rate of inflation in the coming year would be such and such , and reduced the rate of interest in line with that forecast , public expectations would adjust [so] , and the rate of inflation would come down to that level .

The determining male gaze projects its fantasy onto the female figure , which is styled accordingly .
the determining male gaze projects its fantasy onto the female figure , which is styled [so] .

Demand would merely be driven underground , prices would rise and the potential profits available to criminal syndicates — and to corrupt politicians and government officials — would rise accordingly .
demand would merely be driven underground , prices would rise and the potential profits available to criminal syndicates — and to corrupt politicians and government officials — would rise [so] .

‘ The Committee of the Prerogative of Mercy considered all the sentences and advised the President accordingly , ’ the authorities announced .
‘ the committee of the prerogative of mercy considered all the sentences and advised the president [so] , ’ the authorities announced .

Accordingly , he has argued , it should be of concern only to those involved in the respective private sector transactions .
[so] , he has argued , it should be of concern only to those involved in the respective private sector transactions .

Accordingly the exchange rate will fall until they are forthcoming .
[so] the exchange rate will fall until they are forthcoming .

Accordingly , they can be ignored by monetary authorities seeking to control the overall price level .
[so] , they can be ignored by monetary authorities seeking to control the overall price level .

Accordingly , it follows that he should be concerned about the current account deficit as a matter of public policy .
[so] , it follows that he should be concerned about the current account deficit as a matter of public policy .

Accordingly , policies were re-written and strategies revised , firstly , to reflect the changes needed if Labour was to be kept at bay , and , secondly , to accommodate the non-Labour supporters of the old Liberal Party within the modern Conservative party .
[so] , policies were re-written and strategies revised , firstly , to reflect the changes needed if labour was to be kept at bay , and , secondly , to accommodate the non-labour supporters of the old liberal party within the modern conservative party .

More importantly for this essay , Poovey shows how the debate happened around the prone body of the silenced , anaesthetized woman : and how the body itself , now the repository , in a way , of Desire itself , came to behave accordingly .
more importantly for this essay , poovey shows how the debate happened around the prone body of the silenced , anaesthetized woman : and how the body itself , now the repository , in a way , of desire itself , came to behave [so] .

Accordingly , he predicts the ‘ ideal postmodernist novel will somehow rise above the quarrel between realism and irrealism ’ , attaining a new synthesis which might no longer need much commentary ( Barth 1984 : 129 , 203 ) .
[so] , he predicts the ‘ ideal postmodernist novel will somehow rise above the quarrel between realism and irrealism ’ , attaining a new synthesis which might no longer need much commentary ( barth 1984 : 129 , 203 ) .

Accordingly it becomes necessary to consider the further possibility that learning might be exceptionally rapid when there is a contrast in novelty between the critical stimulus and the environment in which it is presented .
[so] it becomes necessary to consider the further possibility that learning might be exceptionally rapid when there is a contrast in novelty between the critical stimulus and the environment in which it is presented .

Accordingly , this single-trial procedure should eliminate the tendency of the contextual change to attenuate latent inhibition .
[so] , this single-trial procedure should eliminate the tendency of the contextual change to attenuate latent inhibition .

Accordingly it would be surprising if animals learned the same thing about the stimulus in the two cases .
[so] it would be surprising if animals learned the same thing about the stimulus in the two cases .

Taking first the behaviour of individual Members , it seems that initially they were very conscious of the cameras when speaking and prepared their speeches accordingly , but the effect wore off , particularly when the House was not being covered live .
taking first the behaviour of individual members , it seems that initially they were very conscious of the cameras when speaking and prepared their speeches [so] , but the effect wore off , particularly when the house was not being covered live .

Ratings rose accordingly .
ratings rose [so] .

Adams was accordingly left out .
adams was [so] left out .

Accordingly , Canterbury will absorb four extra championship matches .
[so] , canterbury will absorb four extra championship matches .

Accordingly , she went on to play primarily on the Yiddish stage , where , with her impish manner and tiny build — her toes , she said , never reached the end of her stockings — she soon became a star .
[so] , she went on to play primarily on the yiddish stage , where , with her impish manner and tiny build — her toes , she said , never reached the end of her stockings — she soon became a star .

Each health authority should assess the need for this care and make provision accordingly , perhaps requiring the opening of convalescent homes or contractual arrangements with private and voluntary sector providers .
each health authority should assess the need for this care and make provision [so] , perhaps requiring the opening of convalescent homes or contractual arrangements with private and voluntary sector providers .

And the verse is accordingly irregular and gnarled and yet sappy , far more like growing timber than like steel rails .
and the verse is [so] irregular and gnarled and yet sappy , far more like growing timber than like steel rails .

The château of Chalais has been a stronghold of the Talleyrands from that day to this , and when Pound in recent years read about Napoleon 's grand chamberlain , notably in the memoirs of Madame de Rémusat ( a principal source for Canto 101 ) , this new association with Chalais re-activated his memories of that place , which accordingly is named afresh , bringing ‘ Aubeterre ’ with it , but in a quite different tone and spirit from ‘ to set here the roads of France ’ .
the château of chalais has been a stronghold of the talleyrands from that day to this , and when pound in recent years read about napoleon 's grand chamberlain , notably in the memoirs of madame de rémusat ( a principal source for canto 101 ) , this new association with chalais re-activated his memories of that place , which [so] is named afresh , bringing ‘ aubeterre ’ with it , but in a quite different tone and spirit from ‘ to set here the roads of france ’ .

Accordingly , the most instructive gloss on ‘ externality ’ is to be found where we might expect it , in Pound 's 1916 memoir of the sculptor , Gaudier-Brzeska , where he writes of Gaudier and Lewis and other ‘ vorticists ’ , painters , and sculptors :
[so] , the most instructive gloss on ‘ externality ’ is to be found where we might expect it , in pound 's 1916 memoir of the sculptor , gaudier-brzeska , where he writes of gaudier and lewis and other ‘ vorticists ’ , painters , and sculptors :

Like the less diplomatically suave authority , Theodore Haecker , whom Eliot was at times glad to call on , the author of Four Quartets and editor of The Criterion required us to take Virgil as , above all , the author of the Fourth Eclogue , the pagan poet who prophesied Christianity , whose vision of human history must accordingly be seen as completed and vindicated by The Divine Comedy .
like the less diplomatically suave authority , theodore haecker , whom eliot was at times glad to call on , the author of four quartets and editor of the criterion required us to take virgil as , above all , the author of the fourth eclogue , the pagan poet who prophesied christianity , whose vision of human history must [so] be seen as completed and vindicated by the divine comedy .

Accordingly the point must be made that the young Pound , as a doctoral student grounded quite rigorously in the Romance languages , certainly could and did read Virgil in the Latin .
[so] the point must be made that the young pound , as a doctoral student grounded quite rigorously in the romance languages , certainly could and did read virgil in the latin .

Accordingly the phrase ‘ a new world ’ is mordantly , if a little cheaply , ironical .
[so] the phrase ‘ a new world ’ is mordantly , if a little cheaply , ironical .

Accordingly , when the Virgilian voice does irrupt into these relatively late Cantos , it does so with all the more force for being unheralded . It speaks Scots , as we have intimated :
[so] , when the virgilian voice does irrupt into these relatively late cantos , it does so with all the more force for being unheralded . it speaks scots , as we have intimated :

Accordingly , bitter , accusing looks flash between McKellen and Zoe Wanamaker 's excellent , bleakly disillusioned Emilia .
[so] , bitter , accusing looks flash between mckellen and zoe wanamaker 's excellent , bleakly disillusioned emilia .

Easthope concedes , ‘ Spoken performance of pentameter is accordingly open to variation in a way accentual verse is not ’ , and this points to the massive lacuna at the heart of his book .
easthope concedes , ‘ spoken performance of pentameter is [so] open to variation in a way accentual verse is not ’ , and this points to the massive lacuna at the heart of his book .

There can be no doubt that the PhD , no longer seen as a sign of unusually high scholarly achievement , has become simply a certificate of professional competence , and that intellectual standards have declined accordingly .
there can be no doubt that the phd , no longer seen as a sign of unusually high scholarly achievement , has become simply a certificate of professional competence , and that intellectual standards have declined [so] .

Even so , potential examiners are known qualities : some are likely to be severe , some lenient , and the experienced and canny supervisor or head of department is likely to make nominations accordingly .
even so , potential examiners are known qualities : some are likely to be severe , some lenient , and the experienced and canny supervisor or head of department is likely to make nominations [so] .

Accordingly , it must follow on the facts that the claim to privilege was not made out .
[so] , it must follow on the facts that the claim to privilege was not made out .

Accordingly the tribunal in Mr Hussain 's case fell into error .
[so] the tribunal in mr hussain 's case fell into error .

Official information provides the basis on which voters can decide on the record of the government and accordingly make an informed electoral choice .
official information provides the basis on which voters can decide on the record of the government and [so] make an informed electoral choice .

Accordingly , Stanley Mill was designed and built so that destruction by fire was a virtual impossibility .
[so] , stanley mill was designed and built so that destruction by fire was a virtual impossibility .

Perhaps young people perceive that our current values of the pursuit of wealth and power are hollow and react accordingly .
perhaps young people perceive that our current values of the pursuit of wealth and power are hollow and react [so] .

Accordingly , in 1956 , Eden invited the Russian leaders — Communist Party Secretary Nikita Khrushchev and Prime Minister Marshal Nikolai Bulganin — to make a goodwill visit to Britain .
[so] , in 1956 , eden invited the russian leaders — communist party secretary nikita khrushchev and prime minister marshal nikolai bulganin — to make a goodwill visit to britain .

Accordingly , it is difficult to maintain that ‘ The Cruel Parent ’ is in any way unique .
[so] , it is difficult to maintain that ‘ the cruel parent ’ is in any way unique .

Accordingly , many of the poems that most reflect the 1740s and 1750s are not epistles … that is , not poems with an explicit audience and implicit social engagement … but soliloquies or lyrics , usually blank verse musings or odes addressed to personifications Leapor simply does not fit into such a view of the mid-eighteenth century .
[so] , many of the poems that most reflect the 1740s and 1750s are not epistles … that is , not poems with an explicit audience and implicit social engagement … but soliloquies or lyrics , usually blank verse musings or odes addressed to personifications leapor simply does not fit into such a view of the mid-eighteenth century .

Her concerns in this area are , accordingly , more varied .
her concerns in this area are , [so] , more varied .

Adjudicative authorities , one might say , are precisely those in which the role of the authority is to judge what are the reasons which apply to its subjects and decide accordingly , i.e .
adjudicative authorities , one might say , are precisely those in which the role of the authority is to judge what are the reasons which apply to its subjects and decide [so] , i.e .

Most non-owners who want to ride go to their local riding school which can vary from being a top class training establishment with excellent facilities , where you will probably pay accordingly , or a small set-up with few mod cons .
most non-owners who want to ride go to their local riding school which can vary from being a top class training establishment with excellent facilities , where you will probably pay [so] , or a small set-up with few mod cons .

The Joker is a very intelligent horse and knows his ‘ covering bridle ’ which we use on him for his studwork , or his ordinary bridle when he is ridden , and behaves accordingly .
the joker is a very intelligent horse and knows his ‘ covering bridle ’ which we use on him for his studwork , or his ordinary bridle when he is ridden , and behaves [so] .

The secret is to check your tack every week . The stitching can go rotten in a very short space of time and remember when you start the cross country course , ride with confidence or do not start ! Your horse can feel your mood and will act accordingly !
the secret is to check your tack every week . the stitching can go rotten in a very short space of time and remember when you start the cross country course , ride with confidence or do not start ! your horse can feel your mood and will act [so] !

Accordingly , nothing in his framework was designed to stand up for liberty where the legislature saw fit to intervene with new restrictive laws , or where the courts contrived to discover or develop them ; Dicey simply assumed that this would not occur .
[so] , nothing in his framework was designed to stand up for liberty where the legislature saw fit to intervene with new restrictive laws , or where the courts contrived to discover or develop them ; dicey simply assumed that this would not occur .

The cells just look up their position in this set of instructions and behave accordingly .
the cells just look up their position in this set of instructions and behave [so] .

The patient needs space to move or be moved around in , and the home is organized accordingly .
the patient needs space to move or be moved around in , and the home is organized [so] .

Garcia of Galicia lacked the ability possessed by his brothers and accordingly was the first victim of the discord among them all .
garcia of galicia lacked the ability possessed by his brothers and [so] was the first victim of the discord among them all .

Since the Egyptian civil year contained 365 days , there were thirty-six decans in the year ( plus the five extra days at the end of the year ) , and the sky was divided accordingly .
since the egyptian civil year contained 365 days , there were thirty-six decans in the year ( plus the five extra days at the end of the year ) , and the sky was divided [so] .

If you genuinely feel that you can cope at home , with the help of neighbours and friends , then re-arrange your home accordingly .
if you genuinely feel that you can cope at home , with the help of neighbours and friends , then re-arrange your home [so] .

This aside , the Tropical Swimming Paradise is an excellent place , forcing you as it does , to revert to the age of ten and act accordingly .
this aside , the tropical swimming paradise is an excellent place , forcing you as it does , to revert to the age of ten and act [so] .

This is because the carbon monoxide content of cigarette smoke cuts down the amount of oxygen in the blood and accordingly the heart has to work harder yet it is getting less oxygen .
this is because the carbon monoxide content of cigarette smoke cuts down the amount of oxygen in the blood and [so] the heart has to work harder yet it is getting less oxygen .

Marriage partners are , perhaps , in the greatest difficulty when both are desperately seeking only to be contained , when neither can perceive the equivalent need in the other and provide accordingly .
marriage partners are , perhaps , in the greatest difficulty when both are desperately seeking only to be contained , when neither can perceive the equivalent need in the other and provide [so] .

Accordingly , leaders of the Jewish community were packed off to Vienna to receive first-hand information on organising mass emigration , though how anyone could think of forcing thousands of destitutes over the border — .
[so] , leaders of the jewish community were packed off to vienna to receive first-hand information on organising mass emigration , though how anyone could think of forcing thousands of destitutes over the border — .

One of the first ideas towards understanding number is accordingly that of a set of objects ( cars or people , etc . )
one of the first ideas towards understanding number is [so] that of a set of objects ( cars or people , etc . )

The Prussians found that the advanced industrial nations of the West were using their colonial possessions to fuel their industrial drive , and accordingly Prussia began to seek out markets that the British , French , Belgians and Dutch did not dominate .
the prussians found that the advanced industrial nations of the west were using their colonial possessions to fuel their industrial drive , and [so] prussia began to seek out markets that the british , french , belgians and dutch did not dominate .

Accordingly , they made a bid to gain command of the Danzig Harbour Board .
[so] , they made a bid to gain command of the danzig harbour board .

Accordingly the Poles instructed Ambassador Lipski to seek assurances from Hitler that his statement of 5 November 1937 still applied .
[so] the poles instructed ambassador lipski to seek assurances from hitler that his statement of 5 november 1937 still applied .

Accordingly the ship returned but there was no trace of Jeffrey on the island .
[so] the ship returned but there was no trace of jeffrey on the island .

Already in his fifties , Borrow was not apparently disconcerted to find the coach meeting the train at Plymouth was full but set out accordingly on foot to St. Cleer , where he was offered hospitality by the Taylor family at Penquite Farm .
already in his fifties , borrow was not apparently disconcerted to find the coach meeting the train at plymouth was full but set out [so] on foot to st. cleer , where he was offered hospitality by the taylor family at penquite farm .

He accordingly bought the pub and closed it down .
he [so] bought the pub and closed it down .

Consider all the pros and cons and choose accordingly .
consider all the pros and cons and choose [so] .

Accordingly of those who have increased spend on one particular area in the past year advertising has accounted for the lion 's share of growth .
[so] of those who have increased spend on one particular area in the past year advertising has accounted for the lion 's share of growth .

If the information is on cards , the cards can be shuffled accordingly .
if the information is on cards , the cards can be shuffled [so] .

Accordingly the number of service cars has dropped : winter service 1954 needed 52 cars , by 1984 this was 8 rising to 20 service cars in the season and up to 50 specials , making a maximum turnout of 70 cars .
[so] the number of service cars has dropped : winter service 1954 needed 52 cars , by 1984 this was 8 rising to 20 service cars in the season and up to 50 specials , making a maximum turnout of 70 cars .

The Blackpool Civic Trust made the restoration of the car their special project for the Borough Centenary in 1976 , and accordingly the car returned in 1975 and was displayed on the Promenade opposite the Foxhall .
the blackpool civic trust made the restoration of the car their special project for the borough centenary in 1976 , and [so] the car returned in 1975 and was displayed on the promenade opposite the foxhall .

Accordingly , Faccenda 's claim failed .
[so] , faccenda 's claim failed .

On the morning of Monday 18 August 1794 , he accordingly set off with them on the road to Nether Stowey , three miles distant .
on the morning of monday 18 august 1794 , he [so] set off with them on the road to nether stowey , three miles distant .

Accordingly differences of up to 500 m in the estimates have been ignored for interpretation purposes .
[so] differences of up to 500 m in the estimates have been ignored for interpretation purposes .

Accordingly , after the initial investigations , it was accepted by all the parties concerned that it would be inappropriate to pursue the microform aspects of the hybrid system .
[so] , after the initial investigations , it was accepted by all the parties concerned that it would be inappropriate to pursue the microform aspects of the hybrid system .

Accordingly we now put .
[so] we now put .

Accordingly we set .
[so] we set .

Accordingly , it is therefore more convenient to use the transformation ( 6.7 ) in the initial regions to put ( 14.2 ) where the constants and are essential in order to retain the continuity properties of the functions f and g across the boundaries and .
[so] , it is therefore more convenient to use the transformation ( 6.7 ) in the initial regions to put ( 14.2 ) where the constants and are essential in order to retain the continuity properties of the functions f and g across the boundaries and .

Accordingly , the line elements in the initial regions may be taken in the forms of ( 4.19 ) and ( 4.20 ) , namely ( 15.3 ) The initial-value problem is now well set , and it remains to find the unique solution in the interaction region .
[so] , the line elements in the initial regions may be taken in the forms of ( 4.19 ) and ( 4.20 ) , namely ( 15.3 ) the initial-value problem is now well set , and it remains to find the unique solution in the interaction region .

The remaining populace , disillusioned with their rulers and protectors , accordingly greeted the French emperor and his men with less hostility than might have been expected .
the remaining populace , disillusioned with their rulers and protectors , [so] greeted the french emperor and his men with less hostility than might have been expected .

‘ We , ’ Karelius accepted reluctantly , meant her and Lapointe . They accordingly departed , leaving him and Moreau to make their way into the entrance-hall
‘ we , ’ karelius accepted reluctantly , meant her and lapointe . they [so] departed , leaving him and moreau to make their way into the entrance-hall

Both the previous meal , which was regurgitated prematurely , and the next , which starts with the advantage of high pH , would therefore be less exposed to the effects of stomach acids and the bone accordingly less strongly modified .
both the previous meal , which was regurgitated prematurely , and the next , which starts with the advantage of high ph , would therefore be less exposed to the effects of stomach acids and the bone [so] less strongly modified .

‘ The inconvenience arising from cold in the most carefully constructed railway carriage , where a long journey has to be performed in the winter season , suggested to the directors the necessity of fixing a warming apparatus in the bed of the carriage , and Mr. Perkins , the inventor of the steam gun , has accordingly fitted a very ingenious apparatus for the purpose of heating the carriage , which may be thus briefly described : — a coil of pipe placed near the hinder axletree , and supplied with water from a small cistern in the bed of the carriage , is kept heated by means of a lamp with four burners . This pipe is continued round the carriage between the flooring ; and the water becoming hot , the heat is communicated through a small brass grating in the floor , the temperature of the carriage being regulated by the ventilator above alluded to —
‘ the inconvenience arising from cold in the most carefully constructed railway carriage , where a long journey has to be performed in the winter season , suggested to the directors the necessity of fixing a warming apparatus in the bed of the carriage , and mr. perkins , the inventor of the steam gun , has [so] fitted a very ingenious apparatus for the purpose of heating the carriage , which may be thus briefly described : — a coil of pipe placed near the hinder axletree , and supplied with water from a small cistern in the bed of the carriage , is kept heated by means of a lamp with four burners . this pipe is continued round the carriage between the flooring ; and the water becoming hot , the heat is communicated through a small brass grating in the floor , the temperature of the carriage being regulated by the ventilator above alluded to —

By 21 February 1896 , the minute book informs us that ‘ the freeing of this school and site from debt brings this Company under the obligation of future maintenance as promised when the school was originally contemplated , and Mr. Park was authorised to arrange accordingly ’ .
by 21 february 1896 , the minute book informs us that ‘ the freeing of this school and site from debt brings this company under the obligation of future maintenance as promised when the school was originally contemplated , and mr. park was authorised to arrange [so] ’ .

Accordingly his faithful service here was rewarded with a Testimonial in October 1966 and a crowd of over 17,000 attended .
[so] his faithful service here was rewarded with a testimonial in october 1966 and a crowd of over 17,000 attended .

To illustrate this one has only to look at the account of a pupil pursuit in a school which had thought through clearly its broad curriculum and made plans accordingly .
to illustrate this one has only to look at the account of a pupil pursuit in a school which had thought through clearly its broad curriculum and made plans [so] .

On 18 February 1791 Granville Penn ( chairman ) supported by Rev Mr Cook , John Gretton , William Stone , Edward Topham and Huntingford , received information from Vial ( who had been confined to bed with a cold and fever , and had been unable to meet the committee 's delegation ) that he supported the amalgamation of the two plans , and that he would consult his patrons and subscribers accordingly .
on 18 february 1791 granville penn ( chairman ) supported by rev mr cook , john gretton , william stone , edward topham and huntingford , received information from vial ( who had been confined to bed with a cold and fever , and had been unable to meet the committee 's delegation ) that he supported the amalgamation of the two plans , and that he would consult his patrons and subscribers [so] .

People prefer to be opportunists and leave themselves the flexibility of ‘ seeing what happens and reacting accordingly ’ .
people prefer to be opportunists and leave themselves the flexibility of ‘ seeing what happens and reacting [so] ’ .

When you meet someone you can see whether it is convenient or inconvenient and act accordingly .
when you meet someone you can see whether it is convenient or inconvenient and act [so] .

This increase has been best documented with regard to voting behaviour in general elections , where a number of psephological surveys and statistical analyses support Johnston and Pattie 's conclusion that ‘ voters in Great Britain have been increasingly influenced by their local environment when evaluating the competing claims of the political parties … people are increasingly concerned about their local circumstances , and vote accordingly ’ ( 1988 , p. 10 ) .
this increase has been best documented with regard to voting behaviour in general elections , where a number of psephological surveys and statistical analyses support johnston and pattie 's conclusion that ‘ voters in great britain have been increasingly influenced by their local environment when evaluating the competing claims of the political parties … people are increasingly concerned about their local circumstances , and vote [so] ’ ( 1988 , p. 10 ) .

However , the provision of services by a branch does not clearly fall within either of these principles , because the services are provided from the host member state itself , and accordingly either alternative seems available .
however , the provision of services by a branch does not clearly fall within either of these principles , because the services are provided from the host member state itself , and [so] either alternative seems available .

Accordingly , the proposed Second Banking and Investment Services Directives prohibit member states from subjecting firms from other member states which wish to set up branches or provide cross-border services in their jurisdiction to their own authorisation requirements in the case of activities for which they are already authorised by their home member state .
[so] , the proposed second banking and investment services directives prohibit member states from subjecting firms from other member states which wish to set up branches or provide cross-border services in their jurisdiction to their own authorisation requirements in the case of activities for which they are already authorised by their home member state .

Accordingly , in December 1988 , the Commission issued a proposal for a Directive on takeovers , which it amended in September 1990 .
[so] , in december 1988 , the commission issued a proposal for a directive on takeovers , which it amended in september 1990 .

Accordingly , from the date of the notification of the offeror 's intention to launch a bid up until the publication of the result of the bid , the target company 's board of directors are prohibited from issuing new shares or convertible securities .
[so] , from the date of the notification of the offeror 's intention to launch a bid up until the publication of the result of the bid , the target company 's board of directors are prohibited from issuing new shares or convertible securities .

Smith and his colleagues accordingly inoculated some rabbits with the recombinant and measured the amount of antibody the animals produced .
smith and his colleagues [so] inoculated some rabbits with the recombinant and measured the amount of antibody the animals produced .

It could be implemented only by concentrating our efforts : in other words , by standardising the units and organising the industry accordingly .
it could be implemented only by concentrating our efforts : in other words , by standardising the units and organising the industry [so] .

This policy has many advantages : It makes it possible to concentrate development and testing work on key points affecting safety , reliability , protection from radiation , and improved capacity ; Thanks to the large orders for identical equipment , the industry can anticipate its work load long in advance , equip itself accordingly , and schedule its fabrication work in the most economical manner ; Construction times are short ( now only five years for a 900-MWe unit ) because the working drawings are identical and a defective item of equipment can be replaced promptly ; And finally , standardisation makes it easier to train the operating personnel and reduces maintenance problems .
this policy has many advantages : it makes it possible to concentrate development and testing work on key points affecting safety , reliability , protection from radiation , and improved capacity ; thanks to the large orders for identical equipment , the industry can anticipate its work load long in advance , equip itself [so] , and schedule its fabrication work in the most economical manner ; construction times are short ( now only five years for a 900-mwe unit ) because the working drawings are identical and a defective item of equipment can be replaced promptly ; and finally , standardisation makes it easier to train the operating personnel and reduces maintenance problems .

Accordingly , instead of the three-dimensional geometry of atoms that can be obtained from the diffraction pattern of a crystal , a glass yields only a one-dimensional radial distribution .
[so] , instead of the three-dimensional geometry of atoms that can be obtained from the diffraction pattern of a crystal , a glass yields only a one-dimensional radial distribution .

Eberhard Boning , for example , would like to see smaller universities , that can differentiate between the teaching and research roles and can allocate teaching loads accordingly .
eberhard boning , for example , would like to see smaller universities , that can differentiate between the teaching and research roles and can allocate teaching loads [so] .

This information would be made available to consumers , who could then buy accordingly .
this information would be made available to consumers , who could then buy [so] .

Yet as a result of the government 's determination to cut the number of civil servants , staff handling the applications can not increase accordingly .
yet as a result of the government 's determination to cut the number of civil servants , staff handling the applications can not increase [so] .

Accordingly , the herbivorous zooplankton , including the crustacean Diaptomus , Cyclops and Daphnia ( ’ water fleas ’ ) are limited ; and so too are the corresponding crustacean predators , such as Leptodora , Polyphemus and Bythotrephes .
[so] , the herbivorous zooplankton , including the crustacean diaptomus , cyclops and daphnia ( ’ water fleas ’ ) are limited ; and so too are the corresponding crustacean predators , such as leptodora , polyphemus and bythotrephes .

Accordingly , we reduced the sensitivity of our scanning sonars to eliminate most of the signals from fish , to the point where only larger fish registered in the surface layers , and the calibration fish , the 330-g trout , was barely detectable at 25 m .
[so] , we reduced the sensitivity of our scanning sonars to eliminate most of the signals from fish , to the point where only larger fish registered in the surface layers , and the calibration fish , the 330-g trout , was barely detectable at 25 m .

Daedalus 's solar-wind satellite accordingly resembles one of those joke unrolling tube whistles .
daedalus 's solar-wind satellite [so] resembles one of those joke unrolling tube whistles .

The level of activity in cortical cells varies , and their ability to excite other cells varies accordingly .
the level of activity in cortical cells varies , and their ability to excite other cells varies [so] .

Accordingly , the rhythmic compression of our leg-veins when we walk , or chest-veins when we breathe , turn these veins into little peristaltic pumps , aiding the circulation of the blood around the body .
[so] , the rhythmic compression of our leg-veins when we walk , or chest-veins when we breathe , turn these veins into little peristaltic pumps , aiding the circulation of the blood around the body .

Accordingly their conceptual frameworks are incommensurable with those of modern , Western medicine .
[so] their conceptual frameworks are incommensurable with those of modern , western medicine .

It is by no means surprising , therefore , to find that the vast majority of items in Social Studies and Science papers demand straight recall of specific facts and that teaching is adjusted accordingly : in one paper analysed in Botswana out of fifty questions , forty-nine required only recall of factual information .
it is by no means surprising , therefore , to find that the vast majority of items in social studies and science papers demand straight recall of specific facts and that teaching is adjusted [so] : in one paper analysed in botswana out of fifty questions , forty-nine required only recall of factual information .

Man is master of his own destiny and must make his god accordingly , i.e .
man is master of his own destiny and must make his god [so] , i.e .

As you get older , these and a lot of other things will become clear to you as being good , and you will understand that you must control your behaviour accordingly , whatever you believe about ‘ god ’ .
as you get older , these and a lot of other things will become clear to you as being good , and you will understand that you must control your behaviour [so] , whatever you believe about ‘ god ’ .

Granted that it is possible to initiate the civilisation of a child by giving it a knowledge of right and wrong , the question arises ‘ How does this knowledge become an automatic power of conscience which enables or compels the child , and later the adult , to act accordingly ?
granted that it is possible to initiate the civilisation of a child by giving it a knowledge of right and wrong , the question arises ‘ how does this knowledge become an automatic power of conscience which enables or compels the child , and later the adult , to act [so] ?

Where the surveyor is properly forward planning , there will be adequate notice of delay and the client can be notified accordingly .
where the surveyor is properly forward planning , there will be adequate notice of delay and the client can be notified [so] .

Accordingly , this meant that market relations , especially those between ‘ town and country ’ must be continued , even though in a modified form .
[so] , this meant that market relations , especially those between ‘ town and country ’ must be continued , even though in a modified form .

After his initial discovery of the Primary Control , Alexander also noticed that when he was able to prevent tension from building up in his neck muscles , then the hoarseness in his voice decreased accordingly .
after his initial discovery of the primary control , alexander also noticed that when he was able to prevent tension from building up in his neck muscles , then the hoarseness in his voice decreased [so] .

The grape varieties are often quite different , as are the climate and soil , so the flavour will vary accordingly and should be judged on its own merits , not as an imitation of something else .
the grape varieties are often quite different , as are the climate and soil , so the flavour will vary [so] and should be judged on its own merits , not as an imitation of something else .

‘ To return to what we were saying , you must remember that you 're grown up now , and act accordingly .
‘ to return to what we were saying , you must remember that you 're grown up now , and act [so] .

At home in London she rarely bothered with such irrelevances ; here she knew it was expected of her and accordingly she had showered , dumped her travel-weary jeans into the laundry basket from which they would be rescued by a maid , washed , ironed and returned to her next day , and dressed herself in a loose silk jersey jacket and pants suit , simple and easy enough to please her yet enough of a transformation to satisfy her father and Sally .
at home in london she rarely bothered with such irrelevances ; here she knew it was expected of her and [so] she had showered , dumped her travel-weary jeans into the laundry basket from which they would be rescued by a maid , washed , ironed and returned to her next day , and dressed herself in a loose silk jersey jacket and pants suit , simple and easy enough to please her yet enough of a transformation to satisfy her father and sally .

Their instincts are a tight binding of mental or subtle structure and they are constrained to act accordingly .
their instincts are a tight binding of mental or subtle structure and they are constrained to act [so] .

It is reasonable to assume that ancient people were sensitive to the reality of these other levels of existence , living their lives accordingly , and it may be that we should look to this awareness as the origin of much folklore .
it is reasonable to assume that ancient people were sensitive to the reality of these other levels of existence , living their lives [so] , and it may be that we should look to this awareness as the origin of much folklore .

On the other hand , the singers are not the puppets of the show , they are meant to represent flesh-and-blood people , and should react accordingly .
on the other hand , the singers are not the puppets of the show , they are meant to represent flesh-and-blood people , and should react [so] .

Yet unless Gorbachev , or his successor , recognises that there is no middle way between central planning and capitalism , and designs recovery programmes accordingly , the Soviet Union faces only economic chaos and civil war .
yet unless gorbachev , or his successor , recognises that there is no middle way between central planning and capitalism , and designs recovery programmes [so] , the soviet union faces only economic chaos and civil war .

The rest of the dwelling was treated with as much respect as before , but the new room was — as far as the cat was concerned - still part of the ‘ outside ’ and was treated accordingly .
the rest of the dwelling was treated with as much respect as before , but the new room was — as far as the cat was concerned - still part of the ‘ outside ’ and was treated [so] .

We humans all know we are going to die one day and we act accordingly .
we humans all know we are going to die one day and we act [so] .

Accordingly , such events have brought many internationally acclaimed and distinguished artists to the province to perform and to demonstrate their art through masterclasses .
[so] , such events have brought many internationally acclaimed and distinguished artists to the province to perform and to demonstrate their art through masterclasses .

Accordingly , such events have brought many internationally acclaimed and distinguished artists to the province to perform and to demonstrate their art through master classes .
[so] , such events have brought many internationally acclaimed and distinguished artists to the province to perform and to demonstrate their art through master classes .

’ Nearly all his work follows this dictum , and that which does not is annotated accordingly .
’ nearly all his work follows this dictum , and that which does not is annotated [so] .

Complete the booking form accordingly .
complete the booking form [so] .

Accordingly , it is envisaged that in the emerging society information technology will be all-pervasive and the technology will bring a world of information ‘ at your fingertips ’ .
[so] , it is envisaged that in the emerging society information technology will be all-pervasive and the technology will bring a world of information ‘ at your fingertips ’ .

Furthermore , the individual who has been labelled is likely to view him/herself in terms of the label and act accordingly .
furthermore , the individual who has been labelled is likely to view him/herself in terms of the label and act [so] .

This leads to a process of amplification or snowballing : individuals who are caught and labelled as criminal see themselves so and act accordingly , thus the label becomes more widely applied and firmly fixed , and the criminal becomes more attached to that label .
this leads to a process of amplification or snowballing : individuals who are caught and labelled as criminal see themselves so and act [so] , thus the label becomes more widely applied and firmly fixed , and the criminal becomes more attached to that label .

Females are less likely than males to be labelled as delinquent and to be processed accordingly .
females are less likely than males to be labelled as delinquent and to be processed [so] .

Accordingly , he suggested separate facilities at each exchange for dealing with juveniles ; notices with information about the exchanges were to be displayed in schools ; lists of prospective school-leavers to be sent to the local exchange with details of their ‘ ability , tastes and desires ’ ; and each school-leaver to be told to call at the exchange for an interview .
[so] , he suggested separate facilities at each exchange for dealing with juveniles ; notices with information about the exchanges were to be displayed in schools ; lists of prospective school-leavers to be sent to the local exchange with details of their ‘ ability , tastes and desires ’ ; and each school-leaver to be told to call at the exchange for an interview .

And Dounreay , which for the moment is the major employer of highly trained and specialised employees ; wage packets are accordingly high .
and dounreay , which for the moment is the major employer of highly trained and specialised employees ; wage packets are [so] high .

This Roman Catholic prohibition does not extend to Anglicans , but the High Church party have trimmed accordingly .
this roman catholic prohibition does not extend to anglicans , but the high church party have trimmed [so] .

Give a dog ( so to speak ) a bad name , treat him or her accordingly — by having a confrontation or using a suspicious manner — and we are quite likely to trigger a hostile , resentful reaction that confirms our original opinion .
give a dog ( so to speak ) a bad name , treat him or her [so] — by having a confrontation or using a suspicious manner — and we are quite likely to trigger a hostile , resentful reaction that confirms our original opinion .

Children tend to look around them , consider the rules , the firmness of the adult , how other children behave and what is expected of them ; then they adapt their behaviour accordingly .
children tend to look around them , consider the rules , the firmness of the adult , how other children behave and what is expected of them ; then they adapt their behaviour [so] .

The trick is to recognize which are which , and deal with them accordingly .
the trick is to recognize which are which , and deal with them [so] .

Poor database view tools — few systems make available database views meaningful to the user . Accordingly , it is clearly desirable that improved
poor database view tools — few systems make available database views meaningful to the user . [so] , it is clearly desirable that improved

Some architects , such as Banks and Barry , had various parts of their work hung separately , which were accordingly separately numbered by the Office of Works , while others , such as Scott , had alternative designs under the same number .
some architects , such as banks and barry , had various parts of their work hung separately , which were [so] separately numbered by the office of works , while others , such as scott , had alternative designs under the same number .

Manners , defending his actions , said that the Select Committee left it to the executive Government to select the style and the architects , and he had only acted accordingly .
manners , defending his actions , said that the select committee left it to the executive government to select the style and the architects , and he had only acted [so] .

With a young child the mother will often just know something is seriously wrong and she should trust this knowledge and act accordingly .
with a young child the mother will often just know something is seriously wrong and she should trust this knowledge and act [so] .

As the child gains competence , adult support changes accordingly , granting the child a larger role .
as the child gains competence , adult support changes [so] , granting the child a larger role .

The most important lesson we can take from Miller ’ s provocative ﬁndings is that when parents and teachers take time to construct narratives with and about the young child , they create a “ zone ” that spurs children to weave moral and social rules into their self-deﬁnitions and to behave accordingly .
the most important lesson we can take from miller ’ s provocative ﬁndings is that when parents and teachers take time to construct narratives with and about the young child , they create a “ zone ” that spurs children to weave moral and social rules into their self-deﬁnitions and to behave [so] .

The retailer must be able to gather and synthesize point-of-sales data quickly to determine what has sold and then update its demand forecast for the product accordingly .
the retailer must be able to gather and synthesize point-of-sales data quickly to determine what has sold and then update its demand forecast for the product [so] .

Accordingly , the last chapter of this book is devoted to our reflections on the impact of channel integration on certain public policy issues .
[so] , the last chapter of this book is devoted to our reflections on the impact of channel integration on certain public policy issues .

This program provided Procter & Gamble with access to Wal-Mart ’ s point-of-sales information , allowing the supplier to track sales of its products on a real-time basis and manage its inventory accordingly .
this program provided procter & gamble with access to wal-mart ’ s point-of-sales information , allowing the supplier to track sales of its products on a real-time basis and manage its inventory [so] .

Accordingly , when Bourke became interested in Mexican customs and language , he approached them as the cultural remains of a higher Spanish-Arabic civilization .
[so] , when bourke became interested in mexican customs and language , he approached them as the cultural remains of a higher spanish-arabic civilization .

Accordingly , the Court reversed the convictions and set free the defendants who enforced the color line in public accommodations .
[so] , the court reversed the convictions and set free the defendants who enforced the color line in public accommodations .

The Court ignored , in Harlan ’ s clearheaded view of the case , the critical feature of the Reconstruction Amendments , namely that each of them grants Congress authority to effectuate the amendment with “ appropriate legislation. ” This was the first time in our history that constitutional amendments carried with them an expansion of Congressional authority.41 Accordingly , it was up to Congress to decide how best to implement the general commitments explicit in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Amendments .
the court ignored , in harlan ’ s clearheaded view of the case , the critical feature of the reconstruction amendments , namely that each of them grants congress authority to effectuate the amendment with “ appropriate legislation. ” this was the first time in our history that constitutional amendments carried with them an expansion of congressional authority.41 [so] , it was up to congress to decide how best to implement the general commitments explicit in the thirteenth and fourteenth amendments .

He peeps from behind the screen to assess the age and sophistication of his audience and varies the play accordingly .
he peeps from behind the screen to assess the age and sophistication of his audience and varies the play [so] .

Bars are graded from first to third class and charge accordingly ; prices always include service , but a small 5 percent tip is usual .
bars are graded from first to third class and charge [so] ; prices always include service , but a small 5 percent tip is usual .

Accordingly , the regulations call for senior executive performance plans and appraisals to contain performance expectations on employees ' perspectives .
[so] , the regulations call for senior executive performance plans and appraisals to contain performance expectations on employees ' perspectives .

Accordingly , federal agencies need to reassess their human capital practices to ensure that federal financial professionals are equipped to meet these new challenges and support their agencies ' mission and goals .
[so] , federal agencies need to reassess their human capital practices to ensure that federal financial professionals are equipped to meet these new challenges and support their agencies ' mission and goals .

Accordingly , the Commission certified , pursuant to 5 U.S.C .
[so] , the commission certified , pursuant to 5 u.s.c .

Accordingly , the rule continues the 20.7 mpg standard for 1998 .
[so] , the rule continues the 20.7 mpg standard for 1998 .

Accordingly , NHTSA concluded that the only legally permissible alternative was to establish the model year 1998 standard at 20.7 mpg .
[so] , nhtsa concluded that the only legally permissible alternative was to establish the model year 1998 standard at 20.7 mpg .

Accordingly , IRD has adopted a code of conduct applicable to all employees that explains the standards of integrity and behavior expected .
[so] , ird has adopted a code of conduct applicable to all employees that explains the standards of integrity and behavior expected .

Accordingly , in our reports over the last several years , we have made dozens of specific recommendations to individual agencies .
[so] , in our reports over the last several years , we have made dozens of specific recommendations to individual agencies .

Accordingly , security specialists had assumed the role of educators , advisors , and facilitators who helped ensure that business managers were aware of risks and of control techniques that had been or could be implemented to mitigate the risks .
[so] , security specialists had assumed the role of educators , advisors , and facilitators who helped ensure that business managers were aware of risks and of control techniques that had been or could be implemented to mitigate the risks .

Accordingly , they monitored numerous factors associated with their security programs , and they used the results to identify needed improvements .
[so] , they monitored numerous factors associated with their security programs , and they used the results to identify needed improvements .

Accordingly , the Board has not included guidance on social insurance in this Statement and has added a Social Insurance Accounting project to its agenda .
[so] , the board has not included guidance on social insurance in this statement and has added a social insurance accounting project to its agenda .

Accordingly , except for the standard described in Chapter 8 , `` Current Service Assessment , '' the effective date of the stewardship standards as they apply to the consolidated financial report , is deferred pending that decision .
[so] , except for the standard described in chapter 8 , `` current service assessment , '' the effective date of the stewardship standards as they apply to the consolidated financial report , is deferred pending that decision .

Accordingly , the preparer shall justify any changes in the use of a valuation method .
[so] , the preparer shall justify any changes in the use of a valuation method .

Accordingly , the effective date of this statement will be for fiscal years beginning after September 30 , 1997 as it relates to financial statements of component units of the Federal Government ; this same effective date applies to chapter 8 as it relates to the consolidated financial statements of the Federal Government .
[so] , the effective date of this statement will be for fiscal years beginning after september 30 , 1997 as it relates to financial statements of component units of the federal government ; this same effective date applies to chapter 8 as it relates to the consolidated financial statements of the federal government .

Accordingly , HCFA did not follow notice and comment procedures with respect to this provision .
[so] , hcfa did not follow notice and comment procedures with respect to this provision .

The objective was to enhance GAO « s role of review and analysis , as part of a larger effort to fortify congressional oversight by ƒºmak [ ing ] more information available to Members and Committees of the Congress , andºprovid [ ing ] them a means of interpreting the information they have.≈12 Clearly it would have been contrary to the overall thrust of the Act for Congress to exclude from GAO « s purview agency processes and activities that are routinely the subject of congressional oversight.13 Accordingly , it is unreasonable to conclude that by using the term ƒresults≈ in section 717 , Congress intended to limit and restrict GAO « s review authority to simply reviewing end results .
the objective was to enhance gao « s role of review and analysis , as part of a larger effort to fortify congressional oversight by ƒºmak [ ing ] more information available to members and committees of the congress , andºprovid [ ing ] them a means of interpreting the information they have.≈12 clearly it would have been contrary to the overall thrust of the act for congress to exclude from gao « s purview agency processes and activities that are routinely the subject of congressional oversight.13 [so] , it is unreasonable to conclude that by using the term ƒresults≈ in section 717 , congress intended to limit and restrict gao « s review authority to simply reviewing end results .

For example , users of financial reports are interested in a company 's overall performance and outlook and , accordingly , would be interested in the effectiveness of internal control over the process that produces that data .
for example , users of financial reports are interested in a company 's overall performance and outlook and , [so] , would be interested in the effectiveness of internal control over the process that produces that data .

Accordingly , some participants believed that it is time to think about having the SEC operate independently in setting its own funding levels , like the Federal Reserve , and to let the SEC determine and set its own fees , with industry participation , for the activities it conducts .
[so] , some participants believed that it is time to think about having the sec operate independently in setting its own funding levels , like the federal reserve , and to let the sec determine and set its own fees , with industry participation , for the activities it conducts .

Accordingly , sections 203 and 204 of the Act , which require agencies to consult with small governments and solicit input from State , local , and tribal governments , are also inapplicable .
[so] , sections 203 and 204 of the act , which require agencies to consult with small governments and solicit input from state , local , and tribal governments , are also inapplicable .

Accordingly , the focus of this document is not on the wide variety of titles that are used by individuals conducting and reporting on this work , but instead the nature of the work that is being performed .
[so] , the focus of this document is not on the wide variety of titles that are used by individuals conducting and reporting on this work , but instead the nature of the work that is being performed .

The following paragraph numbers will change accordingly . ]
the following paragraph numbers will change [so] . ]

Accordingly , while this standard places responsibility on each auditor and audit organization to exercise professional judgment in planning and performing an assignment , it does not imply unlimited responsibility , nor does it imply infallibility on the part of either the individual auditor or the audit organization .
[so] , while this standard places responsibility on each auditor and audit organization to exercise professional judgment in planning and performing an assignment , it does not imply unlimited responsibility , nor does it imply infallibility on the part of either the individual auditor or the audit organization .

Accordingly , compliance with such laws and regulations may have a direct and material effect on the determination of amounts in the financial statements of governmental entities .
[so] , compliance with such laws and regulations may have a direct and material effect on the determination of amounts in the financial statements of governmental entities .

Accordingly , auditors should also disclose in the report on the attestation engagement instances of fraud , illegal acts , or other noncompliance that are material to the subject matter or the assertion .
[so] , auditors should also disclose in the report on the attestation engagement instances of fraud , illegal acts , or other noncompliance that are material to the subject matter or the assertion .

Accordingly , in our reports over the last several years , we have made dozens of specific recommendations to individual agencies .
[so] , in our reports over the last several years , we have made dozens of specific recommendations to individual agencies .

Accordingly , security specialists had assumed the role of educators , advisors , and facilitators who helped ensure that business managers were aware of risks and of control techniques that had been or could be implemented to mitigate the risks .
[so] , security specialists had assumed the role of educators , advisors , and facilitators who helped ensure that business managers were aware of risks and of control techniques that had been or could be implemented to mitigate the risks .

Accordingly , they monitored numerous factors associated with their security programs , and they used the results to identify needed improvements .
[so] , they monitored numerous factors associated with their security programs , and they used the results to identify needed improvements .

Accordingly , the Office of Management and Budget clarified its contingency plan instructions and , along with the Chief Information Officers Council , adopted GAO 's business continuity and contingency planning guide for federal use , thus reducing the risks of disruption to major programs and services .
[so] , the office of management and budget clarified its contingency plan instructions and , along with the chief information officers council , adopted gao 's business continuity and contingency planning guide for federal use , thus reducing the risks of disruption to major programs and services .

Accordingly , our work over the last decade has focused on strengthening federal agency management of IT investment .
[so] , our work over the last decade has focused on strengthening federal agency management of it investment .

Accordingly , as provided in our statutory access authority , on July 18 , 2001 , we issued a formal request for the records .
[so] , as provided in our statutory access authority , on july 18 , 2001 , we issued a formal request for the records .

Accordingly , the federal government 's strategy for protecting the nation 's critical computer-dependent infrastructure sectors includes efforts to establish information sharing and analysis centers ( ISACs ) within both the federal government and individual industry sectors .
[so] , the federal government 's strategy for protecting the nation 's critical computer-dependent infrastructure sectors includes efforts to establish information sharing and analysis centers ( isacs ) within both the federal government and individual industry sectors .

Accordingly , it raises the bar for all of us-those in positions of leadership , federal managers , employees , unions , and human capital executives and their teams .
[so] , it raises the bar for all of us-those in positions of leadership , federal managers , employees , unions , and human capital executives and their teams .

Accordingly , GAO 's Agency Protocols are modified for these requirements as described in this section .
[so] , gao 's agency protocols are modified for these requirements as described in this section .

In the event there is a certification , generally accepted government auditing standards require that the limitations to GAO 's access to records be identified in the product and that the audit findings be adjusted accordingly .
in the event there is a certification , generally accepted government auditing standards require that the limitations to gao 's access to records be identified in the product and that the audit findings be adjusted [so] .

Announcing any benefits changes sooner rather than later would make it easier for individuals to plan for retirement and to adjust their saving behavior accordingly .
announcing any benefits changes sooner rather than later would make it easier for individuals to plan for retirement and to adjust their saving behavior [so] .

Accordingly , under 5 U.S.C .
[so] , under 5 u.s.c .

Accordingly , sections 203 and 204 of the act , which require agencies to consult with small governments and solicit input from State , local , and tribal governments , are also inapplicable .
[so] , sections 203 and 204 of the act , which require agencies to consult with small governments and solicit input from state , local , and tribal governments , are also inapplicable .

Accordingly , HUD did not prepare an environmental impact statement in connection with this rule .
[so] , hud did not prepare an environmental impact statement in connection with this rule .

In the vast majority of cases , LSC has agreed with the recommendations of state planning groups throughout the country and has configured service areas accordingly .
in the vast majority of cases , lsc has agreed with the recommendations of state planning groups throughout the country and has configured service areas [so] .

Program leaders believed that poverty could be eradicated and accordingly staff energies were often focused on impact work rather than on access .
program leaders believed that poverty could be eradicated and [so] staff energies were often focused on impact work rather than on access .

Accordingly , we vacate the order of the district court and remand with instructions to dismiss .
[so] , we vacate the order of the district court and remand with instructions to dismiss .

Accordingly , in 1996 Congress added new restrictions to the LSC Act and strengthened existing restrictions .
[so] , in 1996 congress added new restrictions to the lsc act and strengthened existing restrictions .

Accordingly , such an office was established by and for LSC .
[so] , such an office was established by and for lsc .

Accordingly , the legislation requires that agricultural employers recruit U.S. workers first , and that the terms of work offered foreign workers , when U.S. workers are unavailable , must notadversely affect the wages and working conditions of U.S. workers .
[so] , the legislation requires that agricultural employers recruit u.s. workers first , and that the terms of work offered foreign workers , when u.s. workers are unavailable , must notadversely affect the wages and working conditions of u.s. workers .

Accordingly , in our quest to create world-class justice communities in each state and territory in this great country , we began to focus on other initiatives that were , to us , just as important as state planning to the creation of a delivery system in which eligible clients in every state are afforded an equal opportunity to avail themselves and ultimately to attain high-quality civil legal assistance .
[so] , in our quest to create world-class justice communities in each state and territory in this great country , we began to focus on other initiatives that were , to us , just as important as state planning to the creation of a delivery system in which eligible clients in every state are afforded an equal opportunity to avail themselves and ultimately to attain high-quality civil legal assistance .

Accordingly , we submit a total of cases closed for 1999 of 924,000 .
[so] , we submit a total of cases closed for 1999 of 924,000 .

Accordingly , we submit a total of cases closed for 1999 of 924,000 .
[so] , we submit a total of cases closed for 1999 of 924,000 .

Accordingly , LSC granted the Ohio planners a five-month extension for submission of their plan urging them to develop `` a planning process that is values driven , articulates core capacities that must be in place throughout the state , is sensitive to the needs of all clients in Ohio , and is inclusive of all of legal services stakeholders .
[so] , lsc granted the ohio planners a five-month extension for submission of their plan urging them to develop `` a planning process that is values driven , articulates core capacities that must be in place throughout the state , is sensitive to the needs of all clients in ohio , and is inclusive of all of legal services stakeholders .

Accordingly , the planning process resulted in the establishment of a Pro Bono Work Group to develop and implement a state pro bono plan .
[so] , the planning process resulted in the establishment of a pro bono work group to develop and implement a state pro bono plan .

Consequently it is necessary to adjust the percentage of delivery costs for these posts to the level it would be with six deliveries per week ( as in the U.S. ) When the percentage of delivery cost is increased or decreased for a given post , the percentage of mail processing cost is decreased or increased accordingly .
consequently it is necessary to adjust the percentage of delivery costs for these posts to the level it would be with six deliveries per week ( as in the u.s. ) when the percentage of delivery cost is increased or decreased for a given post , the percentage of mail processing cost is decreased or increased [so] .

Accordingly , the setting of this paper is that all protection will be removed and that the Postal Service is given wide latitude to make its products and services as uncontestable as possible .
[so] , the setting of this paper is that all protection will be removed and that the postal service is given wide latitude to make its products and services as uncontestable as possible .

Accordingly , the number of dollars involved in worksharing is in the billions and the effects on mailers and the economy are quite large .
[so] , the number of dollars involved in worksharing is in the billions and the effects on mailers and the economy are quite large .

Prior to 9/11 , the special agent in charge was in general free to set his or her office 's priorities and assign personnel accordingly .
prior to 9/11 , the special agent in charge was in general free to set his or her office 's priorities and assign personnel [so] .

Despite desCOUNTERTERRORISM ignating `` national and economic security '' as its top priority in 1998 , the FBI did not shift human resources accordingly .
despite descounterterrorism ignating `` national and economic security '' as its top priority in 1998 , the fbi did not shift human resources [so] .

Terrorism had moved high up among the President 's concerns , and Clarke 's position had elevated accordingly .
terrorism had moved high up among the president 's concerns , and clarke 's position had elevated [so] .

They plan accordingly .
they plan [so] .

Accordingly , the TSA must have multiple layers of security in place to defeat the more plausible and dangerous forms of attack against public transportation .
[so] , the tsa must have multiple layers of security in place to defeat the more plausible and dangerous forms of attack against public transportation .

Systematic reviews are secondary research , where the object of scrutiny is not the prevalence of schizophrenia per se but the literature on the topic , and the estimates in this review have to be treated accordingly .
systematic reviews are secondary research , where the object of scrutiny is not the prevalence of schizophrenia per se but the literature on the topic , and the estimates in this review have to be treated [so] .

Thus , levels of •OH will be directly proportional to levels of H 2 O 2 , and accordingly , catalase and alkyl hydroperoxide reductase activities are critical to oxidative stress survival .
thus , levels of •oh will be directly proportional to levels of h 2 o 2 , and [so] , catalase and alkyl hydroperoxide reductase activities are critical to oxidative stress survival .

Accordingly , ARVs will be distributed from HCF , j , to each community as the ratio Therefore , the number of people treated in community i by the drug supply allocated to HCF j is where S j is the number of regimes allocated to HCF j .
[so] , arvs will be distributed from hcf , j , to each community as the ratio therefore , the number of people treated in community i by the drug supply allocated to hcf j is where s j is the number of regimes allocated to hcf j .

Accordingly , many—possibly most—patients with Gaucher disease require no treatment .
[so] , many—possibly most—patients with gaucher disease require no treatment .

Investigators understand these implicit issues and trim their sails accordingly .
investigators understand these implicit issues and trim their sails [so] .

Accordingly , the belief that muscle fiber type can predict athletic success gained credibility .
[so] , the belief that muscle fiber type can predict athletic success gained credibility .

Accordingly , like Tourette syndrome , stuttering improves with antidopaminergic medication , e.g. , neuroleptics such as haloperidol , risperidone , and olanzapine ( Brady 1991 ; Lavid et al .
[so] , like tourette syndrome , stuttering improves with antidopaminergic medication , e.g. , neuroleptics such as haloperidol , risperidone , and olanzapine ( brady 1991 ; lavid et al .

This new style of teaching , “ applied education , ” would require me to reorganize reading materials for students , since most textbooks are written by someone who already knows all the information and has organized it accordingly .
this new style of teaching , “ applied education , ” would require me to reorganize reading materials for students , since most textbooks are written by someone who already knows all the information and has organized it [so] .

In the 1990s , non-incidental master 's in the sciences—in other words , intentionally terminal degrees , not consolation prizes for failing out of graduate school—crept into engineering and applied mathematics , too , as companies grew more reliant on computational analysis and hired accordingly .
in the 1990s , non-incidental master 's in the sciences—in other words , intentionally terminal degrees , not consolation prizes for failing out of graduate school—crept into engineering and applied mathematics , too , as companies grew more reliant on computational analysis and hired [so] .

Accordingly , at the 54th World Health Assembly in 2001 , a resolution was passed urging member states to attain a minimum target of regular deworming of at least 75 % and up to 100 % of all at-risk school-age children by 2010 [ 20,23 ] .
[so] , at the 54th world health assembly in 2001 , a resolution was passed urging member states to attain a minimum target of regular deworming of at least 75 % and up to 100 % of all at-risk school-age children by 2010 [ 20,23 ] .

The large numbers of olfactory receptors and receptor cells would have come under reduced adaptive pressure and could accordingly be reduced in proportion .
the large numbers of olfactory receptors and receptor cells would have come under reduced adaptive pressure and could [so] be reduced in proportion .

Accordingly , a brief recital of unmet needs is given below with a request for contributions .
[so] , a brief recital of unmet needs is given below with a request for contributions .

As one of the many cultural organizations that will appeal to you for year-end operating support , I hope you will reflect on what the museum means to you , your family , the community , teachers and students who value its presence in central Indiana and make your pledge accordingly .
as one of the many cultural organizations that will appeal to you for year-end operating support , i hope you will reflect on what the museum means to you , your family , the community , teachers and students who value its presence in central indiana and make your pledge [so] .

The industrial system requires a free market in labour and , in the nineteenth century , the role of forced labour in the mechanisms of punishment diminishes accordingly and 'corrective ' detention takes its place .
the industrial system requires a free market in labour and , in the nineteenth century , the role of forced labour in the mechanisms of punishment diminishes [so] and 'corrective ' detention takes its place .

This all-purpose Republican frame posits that the Senate is Clinton 's jury and should behave accordingly .
this all-purpose republican frame posits that the senate is clinton 's jury and should behave [so] .

Accordingly , religious leaders lament this development as another instance of the Jews ' perilous assimilation -- if not into a Christian society then into a secular , commercial one .
[so] , religious leaders lament this development as another instance of the jews ' perilous assimilation -- if not into a christian society then into a secular , commercial one .

C olor Fastness Test : Since the arrival of detergents with bleach and bleach alternatives , color fading has been a concern of many launderers ; various brands have accordingly begun to claim `` color hold '' bleaching or even that they `` brighten brights while whitening whites . ''
c olor fastness test : since the arrival of detergents with bleach and bleach alternatives , color fading has been a concern of many launderers ; various brands have [so] begun to claim `` color hold '' bleaching or even that they `` brighten brights while whitening whites . ''

Analysts point out that the jury neglected to deduct Simpson 's debts in calculating his net worth , so the judge or an appeals court will probably reduce the damages accordingly .
analysts point out that the jury neglected to deduct simpson 's debts in calculating his net worth , so the judge or an appeals court will probably reduce the damages [so] .

Everyone agreed that the solution is technology : Automakers favor slower-inflating air bags , while consumer advocates want new gizmos to detect the size of each passenger and adjust the inflation speed accordingly .
everyone agreed that the solution is technology : automakers favor slower-inflating air bags , while consumer advocates want new gizmos to detect the size of each passenger and adjust the inflation speed [so] .

In response to `` Brill , Mote , and Beam '' : Much of the criticism of the `` Pressgate '' piece and the magazine in general has been from people in the mainstream media who were clearly part of the system I was writing about and , thus , responded accordingly .
in response to `` brill , mote , and beam '' : much of the criticism of the `` pressgate '' piece and the magazine in general has been from people in the mainstream media who were clearly part of the system i was writing about and , thus , responded [so] .

This spin keeps the alternative interpretation of fiscal discipline -- cutting taxes first , and then cutting spending accordingly -- conveniently out of the picture .
this spin keeps the alternative interpretation of fiscal discipline -- cutting taxes first , and then cutting spending [so] -- conveniently out of the picture .

Both are proper nouns and should be spelled accordingly .
both are proper nouns and should be spelled [so] .

Economists must remember that they are social scientists , not physicists ( although they stole all of their mathematics from physics ) , that the representative agent does not exist in the real world , and that they must adjust their analysis accordingly .
economists must remember that they are social scientists , not physicists ( although they stole all of their mathematics from physics ) , that the representative agent does not exist in the real world , and that they must adjust their analysis [so] .

We make the best estimates we can and plan accordingly .
we make the best estimates we can and plan [so] .

The metaphor supposes that members of Congress are Clinton 's jurors and must be protected accordingly .
the metaphor supposes that members of congress are clinton 's jurors and must be protected [so] .

Locals have different interests , attitudes , and palates than tourists , and would be accordingly harsher on theme restaurants .
locals have different interests , attitudes , and palates than tourists , and would be [so] harsher on theme restaurants .

The magazine hiked ad rates accordingly , pricing quirky advertisers out of the magazine in favor of big national ones .
the magazine hiked ad rates [so] , pricing quirky advertisers out of the magazine in favor of big national ones .

The inspiration is published accounts of Bill Gates ' new house , which reportedly learns guests ' preferences in music and art and adjusts itself accordingly as you stroll from room to room .
the inspiration is published accounts of bill gates ' new house , which reportedly learns guests ' preferences in music and art and adjusts itself [so] as you stroll from room to room .

While doing his best to expose the men behind the curtain -- Ertegun , Warhol , McLaren -- Miller rarely falls into the pat stance of so many social-crit rock writers who , unable to trust their ears , rely upon unspoken formulations like Commercial = Sucks and judge all music accordingly .
while doing his best to expose the men behind the curtain -- ertegun , warhol , mclaren -- miller rarely falls into the pat stance of so many social-crit rock writers who , unable to trust their ears , rely upon unspoken formulations like commercial = sucks and judge all music [so] .

Accordingly , she is willing to turn on her formerly beloved .
[so] , she is willing to turn on her formerly beloved .

Biskind 's book , accordingly , concludes with a litany of spectacular flameouts : Coppola 's Apocalypse And One From the Heart , Spielberg 's 1941 , William Friedkin 's Sorcerer , and , of course , Michael Cimino 's Heaven 's Gate .
biskind 's book , [so] , concludes with a litany of spectacular flameouts : coppola 's apocalypse and one from the heart , spielberg 's 1941 , william friedkin 's sorcerer , and , of course , michael cimino 's heaven 's gate .

A generic OPEN cost about what a local shop would charge for one made to order , and the market responded accordingly .
a generic open cost about what a local shop would charge for one made to order , and the market responded [so] .

Until the 1930s , most furniture that was well designed came from Europe , was priced accordingly , and was off-limits to most consumers .
until the 1930s , most furniture that was well designed came from europe , was priced [so] , and was off-limits to most consumers .

Accordingly , the first Sun workstations were assembled from off-the-shelf components .
[so] , the first sun workstations were assembled from off-the-shelf components .

Accordingly , when pro-lifers advocate measures that would make clinics give women information designed to dissuade them from having an abortion , they call these measures `` women 's right to know '' bills .
[so] , when pro-lifers advocate measures that would make clinics give women information designed to dissuade them from having an abortion , they call these measures `` women 's right to know '' bills .

Accordingly , it is widely believed that books are always planned and written with marketing in mind .
[so] , it is widely believed that books are always planned and written with marketing in mind .

If this drags on for too long , and Iran ( say ) seems inexcusably obstinate , it can be judged noncompliant by a vote of convention members , and sanctioned accordingly .
if this drags on for too long , and iran ( say ) seems inexcusably obstinate , it can be judged noncompliant by a vote of convention members , and sanctioned [so] .

To debate that question by itself is already a loaded proposition , because it overlooks the corresponding question of whether Milosevic has misjudged NATO 's efficacy and resolve -- and whether he , accordingly , can be humbled into reconsidering his belligerence before we reconsider ours .
to debate that question by itself is already a loaded proposition , because it overlooks the corresponding question of whether milosevic has misjudged nato 's efficacy and resolve -- and whether he , [so] , can be humbled into reconsidering his belligerence before we reconsider ours .

In the '60s and '70s , the danger of assassination seemed suddenly to expand -- Martin Luther King Jr. and Robert Kennedy were murdered in 1968 , George Wallace was crippled in 1972 , and Gerald Ford was targeted twice within three weeks in 1975 -- and the Secret Service 's custodial duties expanded accordingly .
in the '60s and '70s , the danger of assassination seemed suddenly to expand -- martin luther king jr. and robert kennedy were murdered in 1968 , george wallace was crippled in 1972 , and gerald ford was targeted twice within three weeks in 1975 -- and the secret service 's custodial duties expanded [so] .

Quite aside from its religious aura , the new theory contradicted their belief in the infinity and eternity of matter -- one of the axioms of Lenin 's dialectical materialism -- and was accordingly dismissed as `` idealistic . ''
quite aside from its religious aura , the new theory contradicted their belief in the infinity and eternity of matter -- one of the axioms of lenin 's dialectical materialism -- and was [so] dismissed as `` idealistic . ''

The majority of those responding felt that homosexuality was not a mental disorder , and the APA accordingly removed it from the DSM 's next published edition .
the majority of those responding felt that homosexuality was not a mental disorder , and the apa [so] removed it from the dsm 's next published edition .

Accordingly , the papers also take a shot at What The Strike Settlement Means .
[so] , the papers also take a shot at what the strike settlement means .

People know that Reich is not a reporter , and will adjust their expectations accordingly .
people know that reich is not a reporter , and will adjust their expectations [so] .

This information will then be sold to advertisers , who can tailor their marketing strategies accordingly .
this information will then be sold to advertisers , who can tailor their marketing strategies [so] .

There followed a number of other , similar formations , such as “ importantly. ” Americans must have realized about this time that the German ending - weise has an English equivalent , and this was accordingly resuscitated : the old likewise and crosswise family was joined by neologisms like countrywise and stylewise .
there followed a number of other , similar formations , such as “ importantly. ” americans must have realized about this time that the german ending - weise has an english equivalent , and this was [so] resuscitated : the old likewise and crosswise family was joined by neologisms like countrywise and stylewise .

Accordingly , I 've kept a name list for years -- great reading for anyone with two or three hours of spare time .
[so] , i 've kept a name list for years -- great reading for anyone with two or three hours of spare time .

M & S are testy—which they may have every right to be in light of the trials and tribulations of women—but their moody petulance does not lead to a winning , let alone diplomatic style , and their purpose is accordingly ill served .
m & s are testy—which they may have every right to be in light of the trials and tribulations of women—but their moody petulance does not lead to a winning , let alone diplomatic style , and their purpose is [so] ill served .

Jacques Barzun should , accordingly , buy six copies .
jacques barzun should , [so] , buy six copies .

Accordingly , they display cynicism , or alas , lead the reader into ambiguity and paradox .
[so] , they display cynicism , or alas , lead the reader into ambiguity and paradox .

For example , there is not only affirmation by demonstration ( ergo , hence , therefore , accordingly , but there is also documentation by postulation ( it can be assumed , we can suppose ) and also validation by synthesization ( basically , in truth , in a very real sense ) as well as verification by substitution ( that is to say , in other words , in short ) .
for example , there is not only affirmation by demonstration ( ergo , hence , therefore , [so] , but there is also documentation by postulation ( it can be assumed , we can suppose ) and also validation by synthesization ( basically , in truth , in a very real sense ) as well as verification by substitution ( that is to say , in other words , in short ) .

We have accordingly been trying to research and add any relevant or interesting story .
we have [so] been trying to research and add any relevant or interesting story .

One of the most readable of these articles is Russell E. Brown 's paper on Anna Seghers ' Revolt of the Fishers , in which he shows how the author establishes a certain universality for the uprising : accordingly , the names can be attributed to no specific place or time .
one of the most readable of these articles is russell e. brown 's paper on anna seghers ' revolt of the fishers , in which he shows how the author establishes a certain universality for the uprising : [so] , the names can be attributed to no specific place or time .

