Moreover , the taunt concerning the `` sophisticated '' echelon and its alleged erudition is put to test during every campaign , and accrues only upon results ; ;
moreover , the taunt concerning the `` sophisticated '' echelon and its alleged erudition is put to test during every campaign , and [gathers/gains] only upon results ; ;

Phenomenal because it 's been such a difficult year , and this is erm a prize that 's given to the gentleman or lady that accrues the most points in the whole of the amateur section .
phenomenal because it 's been such a difficult year , and this is erm a prize that 's given to the gentleman or lady that [gathers/gains] the most points in the whole of the amateur section .

While little benefit is gained from the transformation in these trivial cases , great benefit accrues from transformation in more difficult cases where there is a more complicated network or input stimulus .
while little benefit is gained from the transformation in these trivial cases , great benefit [gathers/gains] from transformation in more difficult cases where there is a more complicated network or input stimulus .

However , no direct benefit accrues to individuals who do not pay taxation .
however , no direct benefit [gathers/gains] to individuals who do not pay taxation .

This is because capital gain on the whole value of the house accrues to the owner , whereas he only has to repay a relatively small proportion of the mortgage each year .
this is because capital gain on the whole value of the house [gathers/gains] to the owner , whereas he only has to repay a relatively small proportion of the mortgage each year .

Interest accrues daily and it is possible to receive a monthly income ; otherwise it will be left to grow .
interest [gathers/gains] daily and it is possible to receive a monthly income ; otherwise it will be left to grow .

Royal Bank of Scotland now brings interest earned on doubtful advances into the p&l account as it accrues , provided that its collectability is not subject to significant doubt .
royal bank of scotland now brings interest earned on doubtful advances into the p&l account as it [gathers/gains] , provided that its collectability is not subject to significant doubt .

Once the warrant expires unexercised the amount paid for the warrant accrues to the benefit of the shareholders .
once the warrant expires unexercised the amount paid for the warrant [gathers/gains] to the benefit of the shareholders .

The basic idea is that profit from long-term business is recognised as it accrues rather than when it emerges as a cash surplus released from a long-term fund , as the current statutory method dictates .
the basic idea is that profit from long-term business is recognised as it [gathers/gains] rather than when it emerges as a cash surplus released from a long-term fund , as the current statutory method dictates .

The costs and expenses of such negotiation will be borne by the party to whom the benefit accrues .
the costs and expenses of such negotiation will be borne by the party to whom the benefit [gathers/gains] .

As Wedderburn says , a further advantage accrues to the plaintiff when the test is turned into this negative form .
as wedderburn says , a further advantage [gathers/gains] to the plaintiff when the test is turned into this negative form .

For each primary pupil estimated as being in a household where the child , or the head of household , was born outside the United Kingdom , Eire , the United States or the Old Commonwealth , the Authority receives an extra £274 ; if the pupil is estimated to be in a household which is lacking amenities or overcrowded , is in a one-parent household , has four or more dependent children under the age of 16 , where the head is semi-skilled , unskilled or a farm worker , or whose family is in receipt of Supplementary Benefit , the authority accrues an additional £137 on each count .
for each primary pupil estimated as being in a household where the child , or the head of household , was born outside the united kingdom , eire , the united states or the old commonwealth , the authority receives an extra £274 ; if the pupil is estimated to be in a household which is lacking amenities or overcrowded , is in a one-parent household , has four or more dependent children under the age of 16 , where the head is semi-skilled , unskilled or a farm worker , or whose family is in receipt of supplementary benefit , the authority [gathers/gains] an additional £137 on each count .

But a single indicator dominates the equations , namely the estimated number of children aged 5–17 who are living in a lone-parent family : each such child accrues a thousand pounds .
but a single indicator dominates the equations , namely the estimated number of children aged 5–17 who are living in a lone-parent family : each such child [gathers/gains] a thousand pounds .

Chapter 12 will examine the challenge to the notion that the shareholders are uniquely qualified to be holders of residual rights , and the argument that a form of productive organisation in which the trading surplus accrues to the employees rather than the providers of capital is capable of operating no less efficiently , at least as far as the control of shirking is concerned , than the existing corporate form .
chapter 12 will examine the challenge to the notion that the shareholders are uniquely qualified to be holders of residual rights , and the argument that a form of productive organisation in which the trading surplus [gathers/gains] to the employees rather than the providers of capital is capable of operating no less efficiently , at least as far as the control of shirking is concerned , than the existing corporate form .

The use of calendar rather than trading time may be because interest accrues in calendar time , and information arrives during non-trading periods ( although possibly at a slower rate than in trading time ) .
the use of calendar rather than trading time may be because interest [gathers/gains] in calendar time , and information arrives during non-trading periods ( although possibly at a slower rate than in trading time ) .

Coburn v. Colledge was a case arising from a contract for services and it is well established at common law that the cause of action in such cases accrues when the work is complete .
coburn v. colledge was a case arising from a contract for services and it is well established at common law that the cause of action in such cases [gathers/gains] when the work is complete .

Accordingly , his cause of action for an infringement before the date of sealing accrues at the date of the infringement but can not be enforced until the procedural requirement of sealing is met .
accordingly , his cause of action for an infringement before the date of sealing [gathers/gains] at the date of the infringement but can not be enforced until the procedural requirement of sealing is met .

But granted the credit for historical reliability which accrues to the evangelists through their reserve about the Spirit , that still does not help us with the problem of why there is practically nothing in the Gospels about men and women being filled with the Holy Spirit now that he was clearly in business again .
but granted the credit for historical reliability which [gathers/gains] to the evangelists through their reserve about the spirit , that still does not help us with the problem of why there is practically nothing in the gospels about men and women being filled with the holy spirit now that he was clearly in business again .

Considerable influence accrues to officers in implementing council policy .
considerable influence [gathers/gains] to officers in implementing council policy .

The plea for rigour in selecting counsellors accords oddly with the conclusion that no benefit has been shown from the services that they provide . If no benefit accrues what is the evidence for the value of training ?
the plea for rigour in selecting counsellors accords oddly with the conclusion that no benefit has been shown from the services that they provide . if no benefit [gathers/gains] what is the evidence for the value of training ?

In a certain sense prestige accrues to the household which pays the most tax .
in a certain sense prestige [gathers/gains] to the household which pays the most tax .

Much of the bad publicity on housing accrues to Labour-controlled local authorities that have mismanaged their resources , let down their tenants , do not implement the right to buy , have been short-sighted about the role of the housing associations and have not developed the enabling role .
much of the bad publicity on housing [gathers/gains] to labour-controlled local authorities that have mismanaged their resources , let down their tenants , do not implement the right to buy , have been short-sighted about the role of the housing associations and have not developed the enabling role .

a unit of surplus represents the same quantity of benefit irrespective of whether it accrues to the buyer or seller .
a unit of surplus represents the same quantity of benefit irrespective of whether it [gathers/gains] to the buyer or seller .

As far as economic efficiency is concerned it is irrelevant whether surplus accrues to consumers or to producers .
as far as economic efficiency is concerned it is irrelevant whether surplus [gathers/gains] to consumers or to producers .

, the entire gain from leverage accrues to shareholders .
, the entire gain from leverage [gathers/gains] to shareholders .

Claus and Sonny agree with a sardonic account of gilded marriage from which passion and companionship have long departed , but the dramatic momentum accrues from the entry of Harvard law professor Dershowitz ( Ron Silver ) accepting a brief to appeal on the suspicion that , guilty or innocent , his client was convicted by prejudiced jurors on flimsy and suspect evidence .
claus and sonny agree with a sardonic account of gilded marriage from which passion and companionship have long departed , but the dramatic momentum [gathers/gains] from the entry of harvard law professor dershowitz ( ron silver ) accepting a brief to appeal on the suspicion that , guilty or innocent , his client was convicted by prejudiced jurors on flimsy and suspect evidence .

In the 1980s payments of this kind , and for related royalties and patents , have come to equal about 40 per cent of the income in dividends which accrues to foreign investors and they are usually given priority in payment over dividends .
in the 1980s payments of this kind , and for related royalties and patents , have come to equal about 40 per cent of the income in dividends which [gathers/gains] to foreign investors and they are usually given priority in payment over dividends .

They can assist children of both genders in interpreting their math successes as due to both effort and ability , in understanding that ability accrues from trying hard , and in taking failure as a sign that more effort and better problem-solving strategies are needed .
they can assist children of both genders in interpreting their math successes as due to both effort and ability , in understanding that ability [gathers/gains] from trying hard , and in taking failure as a sign that more effort and better problem-solving strategies are needed .

The resulting profit accrues , even after the higher finished goods carrying cost associated with larger inventory has been considered .
the resulting profit [gathers/gains] , even after the higher finished goods carrying cost associated with larger inventory has been considered .

The provincial archaeological museum is housed here , but greater interest accrues to the art collection .
the provincial archaeological museum is housed here , but greater interest [gathers/gains] to the art collection .

Outlays also occur when interest on the Treasury debt held by the public accrues and when the Government issues bonds , notes , debentures , monetary credits , or other cash-equivalent instruments in order to liquidate obligations .
outlays also occur when interest on the treasury debt held by the public [gathers/gains] and when the government issues bonds , notes , debentures , monetary credits , or other cash-equivalent instruments in order to liquidate obligations .

This is a substantial gain from offering a presort program , and it accrues entirely to the mailers .
this is a substantial gain from offering a presort program , and it [gathers/gains] entirely to the mailers .

In most cases , that $ 1,500 benefit accrues not to the Lojack owner , but to strangers .
in most cases , that $ 1,500 benefit [gathers/gains] not to the lojack owner , but to strangers .

