Proprietorships should get the tax advantages now accruing to corporations , e.g. the chance to accumulate capital so vital for growth .
proprietorships should get the tax advantages now [gathering/gaining] to corporations , e.g. the chance to accumulate capital so vital for growth .

Purchase authorizations will include provisions relating to the sale and delivery of commodities , including the classes , types and/or varieties of food grain , the time and circumstances of deposit of the rupees accruing from such sale , and other relevant matters .
purchase authorizations will include provisions relating to the sale and delivery of commodities , including the classes , types and/or varieties of food grain , the time and circumstances of deposit of the rupees [gathering/gaining] from such sale , and other relevant matters .

The two Governments agree that the rupees accruing to the Government of the United States of America as a consequence of sales made pursuant to this Agreement will be used by the Government of the United States of America , in such manner and order of priority as the Government of the United States of America shall determine , for the following purposes in the amounts shown : ( A )
the two governments agree that the rupees [gathering/gaining] to the government of the united states of america as a consequence of sales made pursuant to this agreement will be used by the government of the united states of america , in such manner and order of priority as the government of the united states of america shall determine , for the following purposes in the amounts shown : ( a )

In the event the total of rupees accruing to the Government of the United States of America as a consequence of sales made pursuant to this Agreement is different from the rupee equivalent of $1,276 million , the amounts available for the purposes specified in paragraph 1 , Article 2 , will be adjusted proportionately .
in the event the total of rupees [gathering/gaining] to the government of the united states of america as a consequence of sales made pursuant to this agreement is different from the rupee equivalent of $1,276 million , the amounts available for the purposes specified in paragraph 1 , article 2 , will be adjusted proportionately .

I have the honor to refer to the Agricultural Commodities Agreement signed today between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of India ( hereinafter referred to as the Agreement ) and , with regard to the rupees accruing to uses indicated under Article 2 , of the Agreement , to state that the understanding of the Government of the United States of America is as follows : 1 .
i have the honor to refer to the agricultural commodities agreement signed today between the government of the united states of america and the government of india ( hereinafter referred to as the agreement ) and , with regard to the rupees [gathering/gaining] to uses indicated under article 2 , of the agreement , to state that the understanding of the government of the united states of america is as follows : 1 .

The Government of India will provide facilities for the conversions of the rupee equivalent of $4 million ( up to a maximum of $1 million per year ) accruing under the subject agreement for agricultural market development purposes into currencies other than United States dollars on request of the Government of the United States of America .
the government of india will provide facilities for the conversions of the rupee equivalent of $4 million ( up to a maximum of $1 million per year ) [gathering/gaining] under the subject agreement for agricultural market development purposes into currencies other than united states dollars on request of the government of the united states of america .

With regard to the rupees accruing to uses indicated under Article 2 , of the Agreement , the understanding of the Government of the United States of America , with respect to both paragraphs 1 ( B ) and 1 ( C ) of Article 2 , is as follows : ( 1 )
with regard to the rupees [gathering/gaining] to uses indicated under article 2 , of the agreement , the understanding of the government of the united states of america , with respect to both paragraphs 1 ( b ) and 1 ( c ) of article 2 , is as follows : ( 1 )

The overall four-match title , run on section points , went to Steve Cooper ( Anglers Choice ) for the second year as three wins plus a runner-up placing gave him an outstanding victory accruing 39 points from a maximum 40 .
the overall four-match title , run on section points , went to steve cooper ( anglers choice ) for the second year as three wins plus a runner-up placing gave him an outstanding victory [gathering/gaining] 39 points from a maximum 40 .

Others have been concerned to examine ways in which trade unions can best develop their own interests and bargain most effectively to protect themselves and to share any advantages accruing from the introduction of new technology .
others have been concerned to examine ways in which trade unions can best develop their own interests and bargain most effectively to protect themselves and to share any advantages [gathering/gaining] from the introduction of new technology .

Any profit accruing to capital is earnings forgone by labour , and vice versa .
any profit [gathering/gaining] to capital is earnings forgone by labour , and vice versa .

Even those entries — unquestionably the majority — which represent profits accruing from physical possession of land can not be assumed to hold a uniform significance .
even those entries — unquestionably the majority — which represent profits [gathering/gaining] from physical possession of land can not be assumed to hold a uniform significance .

However , the limitation on recovery did apply to interest which accrued before October 1984 , but not to that accruing after that date .
however , the limitation on recovery did apply to interest which accrued before october 1984 , but not to that [gathering/gaining] after that date .

As waste management becomes a bigger , more professional business , accruing skills from other industries , the large companies will tend to become a lobby for higher standards .
as waste management becomes a bigger , more professional business , [gathering/gaining] skills from other industries , the large companies will tend to become a lobby for higher standards .

The former represents those accruing from the families of those already members , while the latter represents those recruited who are from families of non-members .
the former represents those [gathering/gaining] from the families of those already members , while the latter represents those recruited who are from families of non-members .

But otherwise the state has no autonomy to define the direction of public policy , beyond that accruing to the ‘ executive committee ’ of any organization .
but otherwise the state has no autonomy to define the direction of public policy , beyond that [gathering/gaining] to the ‘ executive committee ’ of any organization .

( f ) Losses accruing in one bonus period should not be offset against the bonus earned by employees in another .
( f ) losses [gathering/gaining] in one bonus period should not be offset against the bonus earned by employees in another .

In this section an attempt is made to examine the impact of social policy on the costs and benefits accruing to different socio-economic groups from work and whether these have changed over the years .
in this section an attempt is made to examine the impact of social policy on the costs and benefits [gathering/gaining] to different socio-economic groups from work and whether these have changed over the years .

Again , if she could trade in a small part of the total value of the child benefit accruing to her , she would have a sizeable sum to present as a down-payment on a house .
again , if she could trade in a small part of the total value of the child benefit [gathering/gaining] to her , she would have a sizeable sum to present as a down-payment on a house .

Leaving aside the problems of precise definition of revenues and costs , we can say that the profit accruing to an enterprise equals revenue minus costs .
leaving aside the problems of precise definition of revenues and costs , we can say that the profit [gathering/gaining] to an enterprise equals revenue minus costs .

The benefit to the public accruing from the activity in question was an important element in both Read v. Lyons and Dunne v. North Western Gas Board and was again emphasised in British Celanese Ltd .
the benefit to the public [gathering/gaining] from the activity in question was an important element in both read v. lyons and dunne v. north western gas board and was again emphasised in british celanese ltd .

So they must be paid all arrears of wages , granted full pension rights accruing through continuity of employment , and given any pay increases that would have been their due if they had not been dismissed .
so they must be paid all arrears of wages , granted full pension rights [gathering/gaining] through continuity of employment , and given any pay increases that would have been their due if they had not been dismissed .

Limitation of Action — Statute , action on — Accrual of cause of action — Local authority notice to repair — Landlord failing to do work — Repairs carried out by local authority — Action to recover cost of repairs — Whether service of demand for payment prerequisite to or necessary ingredient of cause of action — Whether cause of action accruing on completion of work or service of demand — Housing Act 1957 ( c. 56 ) , s. 10(3) ( 4 ) — Limitation Act 1980 ( c. 58 ) , s. 9(1)
limitation of action — statute , action on — accrual of cause of action — local authority notice to repair — landlord failing to do work — repairs carried out by local authority — action to recover cost of repairs — whether service of demand for payment prerequisite to or necessary ingredient of cause of action — whether cause of action [gathering/gaining] on completion of work or service of demand — housing act 1957 ( c. 56 ) , s. 10(3) ( 4 ) — limitation act 1980 ( c. 58 ) , s. 9(1)

The Board of Review considered that the issue for their decision was whether certain profits accruing to the taxpayer from films and programmes exhibited by its customers outside Hong Kong were exigible to profits tax .
the board of review considered that the issue for their decision was whether certain profits [gathering/gaining] to the taxpayer from films and programmes exhibited by its customers outside hong kong were exigible to profits tax .

Their Lordships therefore consider that the profits accruing to the taxpayer on the grant of sub-licences during the relevant years of assessment arose in or derived from Hong Kong and as such were subject to profits tax under section 14 .
their lordships therefore consider that the profits [gathering/gaining] to the taxpayer on the grant of sub-licences during the relevant years of assessment arose in or derived from hong kong and as such were subject to profits tax under section 14 .

That the Board of Review made this assumption appears also from the reference in their first determination to the profits accruing to the taxpayer from the fees derived from the sub-licencing being sourced in the countries to which the sub-licences related .
that the board of review made this assumption appears also from the reference in their first determination to the profits [gathering/gaining] to the taxpayer from the fees derived from the sub-licencing being sourced in the countries to which the sub-licences related .

This reference once again appears to equate the origin of the fees paid by the sub-licensees with the profits accruing to the taxpayer from the grant of the sub-licensing .
this reference once again appears to equate the origin of the fees paid by the sub-licensees with the profits [gathering/gaining] to the taxpayer from the grant of the sub-licensing .

11 , Stork Road has already been sold and the dispute regarding that property concerns the destination of the net proceeds of sale , namely , the sum of £16,000 with some accruing interest .
11 , stork road has already been sold and the dispute regarding that property concerns the destination of the net proceeds of sale , namely , the sum of £16,000 with some [gathering/gaining] interest .

If the demand includes interest or any other charge accruing from time to time , the amount or rate of charge must be separately identified and the grounds on which payment of it is claimed must be stated .
if the demand includes interest or any other charge [gathering/gaining] from time to time , the amount or rate of charge must be separately identified and the grounds on which payment of it is claimed must be stated .

The petition must state : ( i ) the amount of the debt ( in sterling , converted from any foreign currency at the official exchange rate at the date of issue of the petition , by analogy with r 6.111 ) , the consideration for it ( or , if there is no consideration , the way in which it arises ) and the fact that it is owed to the petitioner ; ( ii ) when the debt was incurred or became due ; ( iii ) if the debt includes interest or any other charge accruing from time to time , the amount or rate of the charge ( separately identified ) and the grounds upon which it is claimed to form part of the debt provided that , in the case of a petition based upon a statutory demand , only the interest claimed in the demand is included ; ( iv ) that the debt is unsecured , and either that the debt is for a liquidated sum payable immediately and the debtor appears to be unable to pay it , or that the debt is for a liquidated sum payable at some certain future specified time and the debtor appears to have no reasonable prospect of being able to pay it .
the petition must state : ( i ) the amount of the debt ( in sterling , converted from any foreign currency at the official exchange rate at the date of issue of the petition , by analogy with r 6.111 ) , the consideration for it ( or , if there is no consideration , the way in which it arises ) and the fact that it is owed to the petitioner ; ( ii ) when the debt was incurred or became due ; ( iii ) if the debt includes interest or any other charge [gathering/gaining] from time to time , the amount or rate of the charge ( separately identified ) and the grounds upon which it is claimed to form part of the debt provided that , in the case of a petition based upon a statutory demand , only the interest claimed in the demand is included ; ( iv ) that the debt is unsecured , and either that the debt is for a liquidated sum payable immediately and the debtor appears to be unable to pay it , or that the debt is for a liquidated sum payable at some certain future specified time and the debtor appears to have no reasonable prospect of being able to pay it .

Where at that date , any payment was accruing due , ie where payment in arrears was stipulated , the creditor may prove for the amount which would have fallen due if the debt had accrued from day to day ( r 6.112 ( 2 ) ) .
where at that date , any payment was [gathering/gaining] due , ie where payment in arrears was stipulated , the creditor may prove for the amount which would have fallen due if the debt had accrued from day to day ( r 6.112 ( 2 ) ) .

Now that the prior was assured of retaining his saint , together with all the lustre accruing to him as her discoverer and translator , he wanted everything tidied up and ended , and these troublesome visitors from Ramsey off his premises , before they contrived some further mischief .
now that the prior was assured of retaining his saint , together with all the lustre [gathering/gaining] to him as her discoverer and translator , he wanted everything tidied up and ended , and these troublesome visitors from ramsey off his premises , before they contrived some further mischief .

It may be , thirdly , that the gains from more flexible forms of employment contracts are also accruing in female part-time work in the service sector .
it may be , thirdly , that the gains from more flexible forms of employment contracts are also [gathering/gaining] in female part-time work in the service sector .

With the benefits accruing to him or her whether he or she joins or not , there is no rational reason why any individual should join the pressure group .
with the benefits [gathering/gaining] to him or her whether he or she joins or not , there is no rational reason why any individual should join the pressure group .

This involves accruing any receipts which have been earned in the financial year and accruing any payments which relate to purchases made in the financial year .
this involves [gathering/gaining] any receipts which have been earned in the financial year and [gathering/gaining] any payments which relate to purchases made in the financial year .

Accruing depreciation , stock valuations , provisions for doubtful debts , etc .
[gathering/gaining] depreciation , stock valuations , provisions for doubtful debts , etc .

Many a ‘ boomer ’ saw his pocket bulging with dollars accruing from the result of his determination and success in being first on the spot .
many a ‘ boomer ’ saw his pocket bulging with dollars [gathering/gaining] from the result of his determination and success in being first on the spot .

’ The regulations give some guidance by directing that an application may be refused where it appears that any advantage accruing would only be trivial , where the simple nature of the proceedings would not normally require the assistance of a solicitor , or where funds from another source were available but not pursued .
’ the regulations give some guidance by directing that an application may be refused where it appears that any advantage [gathering/gaining] would only be trivial , where the simple nature of the proceedings would not normally require the assistance of a solicitor , or where funds from another source were available but not pursued .

In this case there is every reason the value accruing from the software should be recorded to the benefit of the pupils .
in this case there is every reason the value [gathering/gaining] from the software should be recorded to the benefit of the pupils .

If the husband elects that his `` new `` home is to be treated as his main residence , then the disposal to the wife of the former matrimonial home ( or his interest in it ) will give rise to a charge to capital gains tax ; this will be on the gain accruing in respect of the period from when the matrimonial home ceased to be his main residence until the date of the court order or date of agreement between the parties .
if the husband elects that his `` new `` home is to be treated as his main residence , then the disposal to the wife of the former matrimonial home ( or his interest in it ) will give rise to a charge to capital gains tax ; this will be on the gain [gathering/gaining] in respect of the period from when the matrimonial home ceased to be his main residence until the date of the court order or date of agreement between the parties .

The solution arrived at was to compensate only ‘ for loss of development value which accrued in the past up to the point where the 1947 axe fell — but not for loss of development value accruing in the future ’ .
the solution arrived at was to compensate only ‘ for loss of development value which accrued in the past up to the point where the 1947 axe fell — but not for loss of development value [gathering/gaining] in the future ’ .

If no such direction is made the district judge will order payment of any interest accruing between payment in and its acceptance ( or the judgment or order for payment out ) to the party making the payment .
if no such direction is made the district judge will order payment of any interest [gathering/gaining] between payment in and its acceptance ( or the judgment or order for payment out ) to the party making the payment .

2.10 The definition of dependant was extended in respect of causes of action accruing after 1 January 1983 by s3 of the Administration of Justice Act 1982 .
2.10 the definition of dependant was extended in respect of causes of action [gathering/gaining] after 1 january 1983 by s3 of the administration of justice act 1982 .

Save as provided by s3 of the Administration of Justice Act 1982 , in the case of causes of action accruing after 1 January 1983 ( see below ) , no sum can be awarded to relatives under the Act for their own mental distress or for the loss of society of the deceased .
save as provided by s3 of the administration of justice act 1982 , in the case of causes of action [gathering/gaining] after 1 january 1983 ( see below ) , no sum can be awarded to relatives under the act for their own mental distress or for the loss of society of the deceased .

2.15 Section 3 of the Administration of Justice Act 1982 amended the 1976 Act so as to insert a new s1A , which provides that an action under the Act may consist of or include a claim for damages for bereavement in the case of causes of action accruing after 1 January 1983 .
2.15 section 3 of the administration of justice act 1982 amended the 1976 act so as to insert a new s1a , which provides that an action under the act may consist of or include a claim for damages for bereavement in the case of causes of action [gathering/gaining] after 1 january 1983 .

In the case of causes of action accruing after 1 January 1983 the parents of an infant child have a claim for damages for bereavement ( see para 2.15 above ) .
in the case of causes of action [gathering/gaining] after 1 january 1983 the parents of an infant child have a claim for damages for bereavement ( see para 2.15 above ) .

There is no point in leaving a writ unserved : it does not start interest accruing ; it does not do anything but temporarily interrupt the limitation period .
there is no point in leaving a writ unserved : it does not start interest [gathering/gaining] ; it does not do anything but temporarily interrupt the limitation period .

Yet it is of course the labour theory of value which justifies the conclusion that the whole of the proceeds from the sale of goods or services should accrue to the workers : and hence , that income accruing from property — that is , from land and capital — to the owners is misappropriation ; that the remedy is to abolish rights in property , ; that , since property owners are bound to resist abolition , a class war between the workers or proletariat , and the property owners or bourgeoisie , is inevitable ; and that it will be resolved by revolution .
yet it is of course the labour theory of value which justifies the conclusion that the whole of the proceeds from the sale of goods or services should accrue to the workers : and hence , that income [gathering/gaining] from property — that is , from land and capital — to the owners is misappropriation ; that the remedy is to abolish rights in property , ; that , since property owners are bound to resist abolition , a class war between the workers or proletariat , and the property owners or bourgeoisie , is inevitable ; and that it will be resolved by revolution .

The vast benefits many farmers saw as accruing to cities as a result of rural exploitation were no more than illusory .
the vast benefits many farmers saw as [gathering/gaining] to cities as a result of rural exploitation were no more than illusory .

And the rich find ways of accruing yet more again .
and the rich find ways of [gathering/gaining] yet more again .

An application of this analysis is , for example , where the temptation for a conglomerate ( ultimately controlled by individuals ) to trade on inside information arises from the financial incentives accruing to it ( and ultimately the controllers ) .
an application of this analysis is , for example , where the temptation for a conglomerate ( ultimately controlled by individuals ) to trade on inside information arises from the financial incentives [gathering/gaining] to it ( and ultimately the controllers ) .

If a country was facing a payments deficit , then short-term capital outflows would tend to increase because of the potential capital gains accruing to holders if that country devalued its currency .
if a country was facing a payments deficit , then short-term capital outflows would tend to increase because of the potential capital gains [gathering/gaining] to holders if that country devalued its currency .

While it is important in that costs will be saved , it must also be appreciated that in claims of considerable value there is possibly some advantage to be gained from making a substantial interim payment so that any question of interest on loss accruing between the date of the accident and the date of Proof , does not arise .
while it is important in that costs will be saved , it must also be appreciated that in claims of considerable value there is possibly some advantage to be gained from making a substantial interim payment so that any question of interest on loss [gathering/gaining] between the date of the accident and the date of proof , does not arise .

Data is accruing which suggest that molecular biology may be of help in this staging process .
data is [gathering/gaining] which suggest that molecular biology may be of help in this staging process .

Accruing to the enterprise .
[gathering/gaining] to the enterprise .

The basis of accruing for services expenditure ( including the period over which expenditure is spread ) .
the basis of [gathering/gaining] for services expenditure ( including the period over which expenditure is spread ) .

The main objectives of this research are to estimate the total costs of operating the tax system ; to estimate the benefits accruing to businesses as a result of the operation of the system ( particularly cash flow benefits ) ; to compare costs of operating the main taxes ; and to identify areas of high compliance costs with a view to their reduction .
the main objectives of this research are to estimate the total costs of operating the tax system ; to estimate the benefits [gathering/gaining] to businesses as a result of the operation of the system ( particularly cash flow benefits ) ; to compare costs of operating the main taxes ; and to identify areas of high compliance costs with a view to their reduction .

The Research Defence Society seeks to relate the benefits accruing to mankind and animals from scientific research with the necessary use of animals .
the research defence society seeks to relate the benefits [gathering/gaining] to mankind and animals from scientific research with the necessary use of animals .

The advantages accruing from the redevelopment of the city centre , as cited by the hon. Member for Alyn and Deeside , have been maintained by upholding councillor Watkiss ' guiding spirit .
the advantages [gathering/gaining] from the redevelopment of the city centre , as cited by the hon. member for alyn and deeside , have been maintained by upholding councillor watkiss ' guiding spirit .

Similarly the social benefits of an activity are the private benefits accruing to the agent engaged in the activity plus any external benefits .
similarly the social benefits of an activity are the private benefits [gathering/gaining] to the agent engaged in the activity plus any external benefits .

Nevertheless , there is a widespread view that much of the benefit accruing from the support of a party are of a strictly financial kind ; this is particularly true of industry lobby support .
nevertheless , there is a widespread view that much of the benefit [gathering/gaining] from the support of a party are of a strictly financial kind ; this is particularly true of industry lobby support .

These were all advantages accruing to the defendants which can fairly be said to have been in consideration of their undertaking to pay the additional £10,300 .
these were all advantages [gathering/gaining] to the defendants which can fairly be said to have been in consideration of their undertaking to pay the additional £10,300 .

Half-brothers and cousins and in-laws were given large shares in the benefits accruing from Königsnähe : they commanded powerful military retinues , and were assigned large shares in the rewards of imperial expansion .
half-brothers and cousins and in-laws were given large shares in the benefits [gathering/gaining] from königsnähe : they commanded powerful military retinues , and were assigned large shares in the rewards of imperial expansion .

For instance , to what extent should increased sales of non-patented items be considered as a benefit accruing to the employer in relation to customers ordering patented goods ?
for instance , to what extent should increased sales of non-patented items be considered as a benefit [gathering/gaining] to the employer in relation to customers ordering patented goods ?

Much of the data contained in these early systems will have been converted to paper tape , then magnetic tape , and today to hard-disks on personal computers , at each stage accruing data conversion costs .
much of the data contained in these early systems will have been converted to paper tape , then magnetic tape , and today to hard-disks on personal computers , at each stage [gathering/gaining] data conversion costs .

Benefits are those accruing from : 1 The purchaser–provider split ( clarity of role , focus on health needs , more patient-centred ) ; 2 Closer working and links with GPs , users and other agencies ; 3 Much greater emphasis on quality issues ( 81 per cent in the survey believe that contracting has produced quality improvements in services ) ; 4 Better information leading to improved decision-making ; 5 Increased provider accountability .
benefits are those [gathering/gaining] from : 1 the purchaser–provider split ( clarity of role , focus on health needs , more patient-centred ) ; 2 closer working and links with gps , users and other agencies ; 3 much greater emphasis on quality issues ( 81 per cent in the survey believe that contracting has produced quality improvements in services ) ; 4 better information leading to improved decision-making ; 5 increased provider accountability .

8 ( 1 ) No right of action to recover land shall be treated as accruing unless the land is in the possession of some person in whose favour the period of limitation can run ( referred to below in this paragraph as " adverse possession " ) ; and where under the preceding provisions … any such right of action is treated as accruing on a certain date and no person is in adverse possession on that date , the right of action shall not be treated as accruing unless and until adverse possession is taken of the land .
8 ( 1 ) no right of action to recover land shall be treated as [gathering/gaining] unless the land is in the possession of some person in whose favour the period of limitation can run ( referred to below in this paragraph as " adverse possession " ) ; and where under the preceding provisions … any such right of action is treated as [gathering/gaining] on a certain date and no person is in adverse possession on that date , the right of action shall not be treated as [gathering/gaining] unless and until adverse possession is taken of the land .

( 2 ) Where a right of action to recover land has accrued and after its accrual , before the right is barred , the land ceases to be in adverse possession , the right of action shall no longer be treated as having accrued and no fresh right of action shall be treated as accruing unless and until the land is again taken into adverse possession …
( 2 ) where a right of action to recover land has accrued and after its accrual , before the right is barred , the land ceases to be in adverse possession , the right of action shall no longer be treated as having accrued and no fresh right of action shall be treated as [gathering/gaining] unless and until the land is again taken into adverse possession …

However , as discussed in Chapter 3 , this concept has become more than a description of a right accruing to all tenants .
however , as discussed in chapter 3 , this concept has become more than a description of a right [gathering/gaining] to all tenants .

It is regarded as `` tax revenue allocated once and for all to the Community to finance its budget and accruing to it automatically without the need for any subsequent decision by the national authorities ' ( European Commission 1989b ) .
it is regarded as `` tax revenue allocated once and for all to the community to finance its budget and [gathering/gaining] to it automatically without the need for any subsequent decision by the national authorities ' ( european commission 1989b ) .

At the end of every day 's trading , the profits or losses accruing to the counterparties as a result of that day 's change in the futures price have to be received or paid .
at the end of every day 's trading , the profits or losses [gathering/gaining] to the counterparties as a result of that day 's change in the futures price have to be received or paid .

To get the clean price we subtract the interest that has been accruing at the rate of d per cent up to that day .
to get the clean price we subtract the interest that has been [gathering/gaining] at the rate of d per cent up to that day .

The contribution of the massive shock unleashed by ‘ Stalingrad ’ , and the enormous loss of prestige accruing to Hitler as a result , was to open the flood gates to the criticism which was already present just below the surface and which — despite the obvious risks involved — now openly allotted blame to the Führer himself .
the contribution of the massive shock unleashed by ‘ stalingrad ’ , and the enormous loss of prestige [gathering/gaining] to hitler as a result , was to open the flood gates to the criticism which was already present just below the surface and which — despite the obvious risks involved — now openly allotted blame to the führer himself .

For a long time the only way in which a truly selfless behaviour could arise seemed to be through a differential advantage accruing to groups of individuals that showed sacrifice in relation to their companions to a degree greater than in other groups .
for a long time the only way in which a truly selfless behaviour could arise seemed to be through a differential advantage [gathering/gaining] to groups of individuals that showed sacrifice in relation to their companions to a degree greater than in other groups .

The behaviour will spread in a population where the net benefits accruing to reciprocators exceeds that to non-altruists .
the behaviour will spread in a population where the net benefits [gathering/gaining] to reciprocators exceeds that to non-altruists .

Assistance to relatives enhances the fitness of individuals accruing solely from selfish behaviour .
assistance to relatives enhances the fitness of individuals [gathering/gaining] solely from selfish behaviour .

The attractiveness of dominant females may derive from the advantage accruing to an individual from having a powerful ‘ friend ’ .
the attractiveness of dominant females may derive from the advantage [gathering/gaining] to an individual from having a powerful ‘ friend ’ .

Although the returns accruing to a particular film from the Eady Levy , as it was called , were limited both by the size of the box office in any particular year , and that film 's success in the market-place ( the levy was paid out in proportion to a film 's success ) , the promise it offered did make it easier for independents to raise cash .
although the returns [gathering/gaining] to a particular film from the eady levy , as it was called , were limited both by the size of the box office in any particular year , and that film 's success in the market-place ( the levy was paid out in proportion to a film 's success ) , the promise it offered did make it easier for independents to raise cash .

None the less diffuse benefits from conservation accruing over a long-time horizon and targeted very widely among the rural population are poor candidates for adoption and funding .
none the less diffuse benefits from conservation [gathering/gaining] over a long-time horizon and targeted very widely among the rural population are poor candidates for adoption and funding .

One of the major problems with this is that the private benefits accruing to households or families who take up either family planning or conservation measures are often not clear — either as perceived to exist by households themselves or even as calculated by economic models .
one of the major problems with this is that the private benefits [gathering/gaining] to households or families who take up either family planning or conservation measures are often not clear — either as perceived to exist by households themselves or even as calculated by economic models .

There is a considerable and divided literature about the private benefits accruing to a household with a small family ( Ohlin 1969 , saying that children are not a good investment , Caldwell 1978 and White 1976 , suggesting a positive asset value for children ) .
there is a considerable and divided literature about the private benefits [gathering/gaining] to a household with a small family ( ohlin 1969 , saying that children are not a good investment , caldwell 1978 and white 1976 , suggesting a positive asset value for children ) .

By now , this essentially moral theory controls citizenship and who is admitted across borders , and the rights accruing to the ‘ sons of the soil ’ .
by now , this essentially moral theory controls citizenship and who is admitted across borders , and the rights [gathering/gaining] to the ‘ sons of the soil ’ .

cheque book , statements , automatic cash dispensers , with the added advantage of accruing interest on any monies in your building society account and being able to pay in or withdraw money on Saturday mornings .
cheque book , statements , automatic cash dispensers , with the added advantage of [gathering/gaining] interest on any monies in your building society account and being able to pay in or withdraw money on saturday mornings .

Although a lack of continuity of part-time workers and the difficulty of accruing experience may partially justify higher demands on volunteers , nevertheless the outer London suburbs suspect that the heavy demand of a 2-day-a-week commitment now placed on all new London volunteers stems not from these practical considerations but from a poor stereotypical image of the volunteer and from a negative attitude towards volunteering in general .
although a lack of continuity of part-time workers and the difficulty of [gathering/gaining] experience may partially justify higher demands on volunteers , nevertheless the outer london suburbs suspect that the heavy demand of a 2-day-a-week commitment now placed on all new london volunteers stems not from these practical considerations but from a poor stereotypical image of the volunteer and from a negative attitude towards volunteering in general .

Does this disposition discharge the debtor only from his liabilities at the time the will was made or also from interest accruing subsequently ?
does this disposition discharge the debtor only from his liabilities at the time the will was made or also from interest [gathering/gaining] subsequently ?

Any organisation which handles large sums of money , yet has no need to produce evidence of substantial measurable benefits accruing from its activities , is wide open to corruption .
any organisation which handles large sums of money , yet has no need to produce evidence of substantial measurable benefits [gathering/gaining] from its activities , is wide open to corruption .

Sponsorship is a new and benevolent way of accruing goodwill and custom .
sponsorship is a new and benevolent way of [gathering/gaining] goodwill and custom .

However , knowledge of the likely health benefits accruing to the physically active so far has not been a sufficient stimulus to promote sustained changes in behavior for most of the American population .
however , knowledge of the likely health benefits [gathering/gaining] to the physically active so far has not been a sufficient stimulus to promote sustained changes in behavior for most of the american population .

The standard phraseology I am leaning toward for discussing future events is `` an event to occur on a day subsequent to the several other days that shall proceed duly in the natural course of time forward from the present moment , eventually accruing into units characterized as months and , much later , years . ''
the standard phraseology i am leaning toward for discussing future events is `` an event to occur on a day subsequent to the several other days that shall proceed duly in the natural course of time forward from the present moment , eventually [gathering/gaining] into units characterized as months and , much later , years . ''

With academia 's standard rewards of promotion and tenure not as readily accruing in this work , the study of American place names is by and large in the hands of true lovers of the subject ( amateurs in the etymological sense , and dilettantes ) .
with academia 's standard rewards of promotion and tenure not as readily [gathering/gaining] in this work , the study of american place names is by and large in the hands of true lovers of the subject ( amateurs in the etymological sense , and dilettantes ) .

