Claiming that bureaucratic costs are much lower in the regions than the smaller districts while areas of duplication or overlap are ‘ marginal , ’ they state : ‘ The notion that financial savings will accrue from structural reform which break up large regions such as Lothian and Strathclyde does not merit serious consideration .
claiming that bureaucratic costs are much lower in the regions than the smaller districts while areas of duplication or overlap are ‘ marginal , ’ they state : ‘ the notion that financial savings will [gather/gain] from structural reform which break up large regions such as lothian and strathclyde does not merit serious consideration .

Even if he can convince the Treasury that some savings will accrue , these may not be sufficient to remain a convincing reason for the large-scale council upheaval envisaged .
even if he can convince the treasury that some savings will [gather/gain] , these may not be sufficient to remain a convincing reason for the large-scale council upheaval envisaged .

Well certainly examinations should only be carried out where er there is a benefit likely to accrue to the patient , and er this should always be greater than the risk from the radiation itself .
well certainly examinations should only be carried out where er there is a benefit likely to [gather/gain] to the patient , and er this should always be greater than the risk from the radiation itself .

However , no hard-pressed city government is likely to fund accident reduction research or to experiment with possibly expensive infrastructure provision or management methods , especially as the cost saving from accident reduction does not for the most part accrue to the authority itself .
however , no hard-pressed city government is likely to fund accident reduction research or to experiment with possibly expensive infrastructure provision or management methods , especially as the cost saving from accident reduction does not for the most part [gather/gain] to the authority itself .

Unsurprisingly , in the face of this evidence caution has been expressed : ‘ Promoting a large counselling service in general practice before establishing what benefits accrue from this service is unwise .
unsurprisingly , in the face of this evidence caution has been expressed : ‘ promoting a large counselling service in general practice before establishing what benefits [gather/gain] from this service is unwise .

If a document resembles the form of a debenture although it is not called such , the usual rights and liabilities accrue to the holder .
if a document resembles the form of a debenture although it is not called such , the usual rights and liabilities [gather/gain] to the holder .

There will be other four year olds , however , whose needs will go undetected or unmet by virtue of numbers , inadequate teacher recognition , and a myriad of other ‘ pre-referral ’ features of learning difficulty which accrue over time , even in infant school ( Wolfendale and Bryans 1980 ) .
there will be other four year olds , however , whose needs will go undetected or unmet by virtue of numbers , inadequate teacher recognition , and a myriad of other ‘ pre-referral ’ features of learning difficulty which [gather/gain] over time , even in infant school ( wolfendale and bryans 1980 ) .

It does provide an effective way for partners ‘ to accrue capital ’ .
it does provide an effective way for partners ‘ to [gather/gain] capital ’ .

When families talk in this way , a number of different benefits accrue .
when families talk in this way , a number of different benefits [gather/gain] .

As a counter to this strongly argued view , it is worth mentioning that it assumes that ‘ biggest is best ’ and that the potential benefits of synergy will actually accrue .
as a counter to this strongly argued view , it is worth mentioning that it assumes that ‘ biggest is best ’ and that the potential benefits of synergy will actually [gather/gain] .

However , although the sale of a nationalised industry will provide a once-off boost for government finance , it should not be forgotten that the profits of the company , once privatised , will thereafter accrue to the private shareholders and not to the government , thereby reducing government revenues in the future .
however , although the sale of a nationalised industry will provide a once-off boost for government finance , it should not be forgotten that the profits of the company , once privatised , will thereafter [gather/gain] to the private shareholders and not to the government , thereby reducing government revenues in the future .

It was hard to see what extra benefit would accrue to Honda from such a stake , especially when , in addition to the ventures already discussed , an agreement had been reached to assemble Honda cars in Rover factories on spare production lines in order to provide jobs for Rover workers .
it was hard to see what extra benefit would [gather/gain] to honda from such a stake , especially when , in addition to the ventures already discussed , an agreement had been reached to assemble honda cars in rover factories on spare production lines in order to provide jobs for rover workers .

The University had filed for patents , believing that millions of dollars could accrue if test-tube fusion were commercially practical , and the patent lawyers were concerned about what would happen if other groups found out the results and duplicated them .
the university had filed for patents , believing that millions of dollars could [gather/gain] if test-tube fusion were commercially practical , and the patent lawyers were concerned about what would happen if other groups found out the results and duplicated them .

Proposals were therefore announced in March 1991 to recognise exchange differences on monetary assets and liabilities as income at the time they accrue .
proposals were therefore announced in march 1991 to recognise exchange differences on monetary assets and liabilities as income at the time they [gather/gain] .

Similarly , any interest on the overdue tax will cease to accrue from the same date .
similarly , any interest on the overdue tax will cease to [gather/gain] from the same date .

The revised accounting policy for these benefits is to accrue the cost over the service lives of employees on the basis of a constant percentage of earnings .
the revised accounting policy for these benefits is to [gather/gain] the cost over the service lives of employees on the basis of a constant percentage of earnings .

When a company leaves a group , any tax on the capital gain arising from the deemed disposal and reacquisition of an asset acquired intra-group in the past six years will accrue at that time rather than when the asset was acquired .
when a company leaves a group , any tax on the capital gain arising from the deemed disposal and reacquisition of an asset acquired intra-group in the past six years will [gather/gain] at that time rather than when the asset was acquired .

If profits are insufficient the issuer is not in default and no additional rights accrue to the holder of the bond , although interest payments may be cumulative .
if profits are insufficient the issuer is not in default and no additional rights [gather/gain] to the holder of the bond , although interest payments may be cumulative .

Significant global tax benefits can accrue to investors provided careful attention is paid to operating requirements .
significant global tax benefits can [gather/gain] to investors provided careful attention is paid to operating requirements .

This method is designed to recognise profits as they accrue rather than only when they emerge as cash surpluses released from the life funds , as happens now .
this method is designed to recognise profits as they [gather/gain] rather than only when they emerge as cash surpluses released from the life funds , as happens now .

As chairman Reg Brealey explains in his statement , changes have been made to provide depreciation on buildings and equipment , to accrue retirement gratuity payments , to write off to p&l account the exchange adjustment on foreign currency loans and to provide for interest payable — ‘ all to help in the cause of a clean auditor 's report ’ .
as chairman reg brealey explains in his statement , changes have been made to provide depreciation on buildings and equipment , to [gather/gain] retirement gratuity payments , to write off to p&l account the exchange adjustment on foreign currency loans and to provide for interest payable — ‘ all to help in the cause of a clean auditor 's report ’ .

Of all the varieties of patronage at the disposal of Scottish politicians , the most useful were those connected with taxation , for , quite apart from the undeniable opportunities for profit which might accrue to an official charged with the collection of public revenues , through his possession of such monies between the time of collection and the time of accounting for the receipts , the ability to increase or moderate one 's zeal was in itself a valuable asset for officers who were themselves often intimately involved in the political and social life of their communities .
of all the varieties of patronage at the disposal of scottish politicians , the most useful were those connected with taxation , for , quite apart from the undeniable opportunities for profit which might [gather/gain] to an official charged with the collection of public revenues , through his possession of such monies between the time of collection and the time of accounting for the receipts , the ability to increase or moderate one 's zeal was in itself a valuable asset for officers who were themselves often intimately involved in the political and social life of their communities .

Social workers appear to expect few benefits to accrue from residential care .
social workers appear to expect few benefits to [gather/gain] from residential care .

respecting the provisions of the Legislature on this point and the manner in which these provisions have been eluded , as well as to point out the pecuniary advantages [ the system of bounties which the abolitionists had themselves promoted ] which would accrue to them from a vigorous enforcement of the Abolition Laws .
respecting the provisions of the legislature on this point and the manner in which these provisions have been eluded , as well as to point out the pecuniary advantages [ the system of bounties which the abolitionists had themselves promoted ] which would [gather/gain] to them from a vigorous enforcement of the abolition laws .

Status and privilege accrue to successful sportsmen in contemporary society .
status and privilege [gather/gain] to successful sportsmen in contemporary society .

The explanation put forward for this relationship is that where the coverage of collective agreements is extensive , as in centralised-bargaining structures , trade union membership is thereby encouraged since the benefits of agreements are seen to accrue to union members on a wide scale .
the explanation put forward for this relationship is that where the coverage of collective agreements is extensive , as in centralised-bargaining structures , trade union membership is thereby encouraged since the benefits of agreements are seen to [gather/gain] to union members on a wide scale .

Such costs would include all related production overheads even though these may accrue on a time basis .
such costs would include all related production overheads even though these may [gather/gain] on a time basis .

That may still accrue to one of the main operators already mentioned .
that may still [gather/gain] to one of the main operators already mentioned .

Secondly , it will be examined why , granted the profit maximisation objective , the profits should accrue to the shareholders , as opposed , for example , to the employees : if considerations of efficiency underscore the shareholders ' current position of preeminence , then this may be thought to provide a justificatory foundation for shareholder rights within a public interest framework .
secondly , it will be examined why , granted the profit maximisation objective , the profits should [gather/gain] to the shareholders , as opposed , for example , to the employees : if considerations of efficiency underscore the shareholders ' current position of preeminence , then this may be thought to provide a justificatory foundation for shareholder rights within a public interest framework .

The fruits of a policy of profit maximisation accrue to the shareholders as dividends and increased share values .
the fruits of a policy of profit maximisation [gather/gain] to the shareholders as dividends and increased share values .

Retention is achieved through the cumulative advantages which accrue to employees from the higher wages and status flowing from long service under the seniority system .
retention is achieved through the cumulative advantages which [gather/gain] to employees from the higher wages and status flowing from long service under the seniority system .

Long-term employment also allows management to decide rationally to make large-scale investments in upgrading the skills of their workforce and in training them , secure in the knowledge that the investment will earn them a return , rather than accrue to someone else who succeeds in poaching the labour away .
long-term employment also allows management to decide rationally to make large-scale investments in upgrading the skills of their workforce and in training them , secure in the knowledge that the investment will earn them a return , rather than [gather/gain] to someone else who succeeds in poaching the labour away .

The ideological postures , currently being enacted within the National Front , may throw light upon the important question raised earlier : why should fascist groups cling to their traditions of antisemitism , even though no direct political advantage would seem to accrue from their continuation ?
the ideological postures , currently being enacted within the national front , may throw light upon the important question raised earlier : why should fascist groups cling to their traditions of antisemitism , even though no direct political advantage would seem to [gather/gain] from their continuation ?

The funding of capital expenditure is usually spread over the years that benefit will accrue .
the funding of capital expenditure is usually spread over the years that benefit will [gather/gain] .

These costs , formerly borne by the individual employees if the necessary co-ordination was to take place , now accrue to their managers .
these costs , formerly borne by the individual employees if the necessary co-ordination was to take place , now [gather/gain] to their managers .

In some cases they accrue entitlements to holiday pay which they receive as a lump sum on the termination of their employment , although in the holiday camps sector these accrued holiday entitlements are less than the holiday entitlements of comparable regular staff .
in some cases they [gather/gain] entitlements to holiday pay which they receive as a lump sum on the termination of their employment , although in the holiday camps sector these accrued holiday entitlements are less than the holiday entitlements of comparable regular staff .

But for his act in bringing it there no mischief could have accrued , and it seems but just that he should at his peril keep it there so that no mischief may accrue , or answer for the natural and anticipated consequences .
but for his act in bringing it there no mischief could have accrued , and it seems but just that he should at his peril keep it there so that no mischief may [gather/gain] , or answer for the natural and anticipated consequences .

If they do not achieve office they are still in a special relationship to government in which , while some advantages may accrue from being a member of the ruling party and having many colleagues and friends in office , there may also be disadvantages in that party allegiance implies a duty to support the government .
if they do not achieve office they are still in a special relationship to government in which , while some advantages may [gather/gain] from being a member of the ruling party and having many colleagues and friends in office , there may also be disadvantages in that party allegiance implies a duty to support the government .

The mind that can not conceive the benefits to accrue by a coming together and a binding by paternal ties of a people having common sympathy must be wayward indeed .
the mind that can not conceive the benefits to [gather/gain] by a coming together and a binding by paternal ties of a people having common sympathy must be wayward indeed .

The preliminary point to be decided by the judge was : when did the local authority 's cause of action accrue ?
the preliminary point to be decided by the judge was : when did the local authority 's cause of action [gather/gain] ?

Although not on all fours with the present case , these decisions show that a cause of action may well accrue before , for procedural reasons , the plaintiff can bring proceedings .
although not on all fours with the present case , these decisions show that a cause of action may well [gather/gain] before , for procedural reasons , the plaintiff can bring proceedings .

Thus the structure of the section presupposes that the profits of a business carried on in Hong Kong may accrue from different sources , some located within Hong Kong , others overseas .
thus the structure of the section presupposes that the profits of a business carried on in hong kong may [gather/gain] from different sources , some located within hong kong , others overseas .

If the Minister admits that monumental errors were made that allowed those profits to accrue to companies that were almost given the assets of the National Bus Company , he must tell us what will be inserted in the legislation to prevent those errors from being made again .
if the minister admits that monumental errors were made that allowed those profits to [gather/gain] to companies that were almost given the assets of the national bus company , he must tell us what will be inserted in the legislation to prevent those errors from being made again .

This involves brokers generating income by constantly and needlessly buying and selling investments for their clients in order to collect the heavy commissions which accrue .
this involves brokers generating income by constantly and needlessly buying and selling investments for their clients in order to collect the heavy commissions which [gather/gain] .

Tax benefits also accrue to you .
tax benefits also [gather/gain] to you .

But of course what has happened is that the capital base has been eroded , and the future value of the sold asset will not accrue to the organization .
but of course what has happened is that the capital base has been eroded , and the future value of the sold asset will not [gather/gain] to the organization .

The problem is that plainly this depreciation charge can not reflect the periodic benefits expected to accrue from using the vehicle .
the problem is that plainly this depreciation charge can not reflect the periodic benefits expected to [gather/gain] from using the vehicle .

They accrue mainly from the uncertainty which surrounds the calculation of damages .
they [gather/gain] mainly from the uncertainty which surrounds the calculation of damages .

At the direction of his lance master , he had been patrolling the ancient forest of Haling Heart , south of Scaraby , for three seasons and had found no quests with which to occupy himself , never mind accrue funds for the order .
at the direction of his lance master , he had been patrolling the ancient forest of haling heart , south of scaraby , for three seasons and had found no quests with which to occupy himself , never mind [gather/gain] funds for the order .

If you can improve on this , so be it , but it is vital not to allow correspondence to build up and arrears to accrue .
if you can improve on this , so be it , but it is vital not to allow correspondence to build up and arrears to [gather/gain] .

Editors and journalists employed on journals published by these organisations are therefore at great financial risk , and should ensure that their contracts of employment indemnify them against costs and damages which may accrue from libel actions , which are often brought by opponents of their employer 's policies .
editors and journalists employed on journals published by these organisations are therefore at great financial risk , and should ensure that their contracts of employment indemnify them against costs and damages which may [gather/gain] from libel actions , which are often brought by opponents of their employer 's policies .

Thus all development value would accrue to the community .
thus all development value would [gather/gain] to the community .

In order to maintain the support of data depositors it is essential to consider what benefits accrue to depositors as a result of the dissemination of their data .
in order to maintain the support of data depositors it is essential to consider what benefits [gather/gain] to depositors as a result of the dissemination of their data .

7.3 Termination under this Clause shall be without prejudice to the fulfilment of purchase orders wholly or partially outstanding at the date of such termination , and likewise shall not prejudice or affect any right of action or remedy which shall have accrued or shall accrue thereafter under this Agreement to either party .
7.3 termination under this clause shall be without prejudice to the fulfilment of purchase orders wholly or partially outstanding at the date of such termination , and likewise shall not prejudice or affect any right of action or remedy which shall have accrued or shall [gather/gain] thereafter under this agreement to either party .

The better arrangement would be to renegotiate the restraints to protect the goodwill which it is hoped will accrue to the new firms in their first few years of business after the demerger .
the better arrangement would be to renegotiate the restraints to protect the goodwill which it is hoped will [gather/gain] to the new firms in their first few years of business after the demerger .

Preference shares usually carry a right to fixed dividends , but if on any dividend payment date Newco has insufficient distributable profits to meet these , they are rolled forward so that the shares may accrue a right to a premium , representing rolled-up dividends , payable on redemption .
preference shares usually carry a right to fixed dividends , but if on any dividend payment date newco has insufficient distributable profits to meet these , they are rolled forward so that the shares may [gather/gain] a right to a premium , representing rolled-up dividends , payable on redemption .

Under the joint venture the council will pay nothing , while profits will accrue to Biomass .
under the joint venture the council will pay nothing , while profits will [gather/gain] to biomass .

Ford speaks of any mutation which chances to give a `` remote resemblance `` to a more protected species , from which some advantage , however slight , might accrue .
ford speaks of any mutation which chances to give a `` remote resemblance `` to a more protected species , from which some advantage , however slight , might [gather/gain] .

Yet it is of course the labour theory of value which justifies the conclusion that the whole of the proceeds from the sale of goods or services should accrue to the workers : and hence , that income accruing from property — that is , from land and capital — to the owners is misappropriation ; that the remedy is to abolish rights in property , ; that , since property owners are bound to resist abolition , a class war between the workers or proletariat , and the property owners or bourgeoisie , is inevitable ; and that it will be resolved by revolution .
yet it is of course the labour theory of value which justifies the conclusion that the whole of the proceeds from the sale of goods or services should [gather/gain] to the workers : and hence , that income accruing from property — that is , from land and capital — to the owners is misappropriation ; that the remedy is to abolish rights in property , ; that , since property owners are bound to resist abolition , a class war between the workers or proletariat , and the property owners or bourgeoisie , is inevitable ; and that it will be resolved by revolution .

Finally , there is the distributional argument that in a state-owned firm there is less clearly an adversarial " us against them " contest between management and employees , because the profits ( if there are any ) do not accrue specifically to owners of capital .
finally , there is the distributional argument that in a state-owned firm there is less clearly an adversarial " us against them " contest between management and employees , because the profits ( if there are any ) do not [gather/gain] specifically to owners of capital .

According to this view , significant benefits would accrue to both fundholders and patients .
according to this view , significant benefits would [gather/gain] to both fundholders and patients .

Benefits accrue to students on a number of levels .
benefits [gather/gain] to students on a number of levels .

The accepted wisdom that bulk car manufacturers buy exclusive marques ( Chrysler and Lamborghini , et cetera in the hope of garnering reflected glory is misplaced : any benefit that might accrue to the Escort by dint of its coming from the same stable as the Virage would be heavily outweighed by the damage done to the Virage by the Escort .
the accepted wisdom that bulk car manufacturers buy exclusive marques ( chrysler and lamborghini , et cetera in the hope of garnering reflected glory is misplaced : any benefit that might [gather/gain] to the escort by dint of its coming from the same stable as the virage would be heavily outweighed by the damage done to the virage by the escort .

Now the holder of speculative balances not only has to consider the yield on close substitutes such as bonds , but he also has to take into account any prospective capital gains or losses which may accrue when buying the bond .
now the holder of speculative balances not only has to consider the yield on close substitutes such as bonds , but he also has to take into account any prospective capital gains or losses which may [gather/gain] when buying the bond .

father replaced mother 's lost services by caring for the infant himself , the father 's services did not accrue as a result of the death .
father replaced mother 's lost services by caring for the infant himself , the father 's services did not [gather/gain] as a result of the death .

This does not necessarily put the country of origin of the individual capitalist in a better position , for most of the benefits of this changing situation may accrue to the Swiss banking industry , or the real estate markets in California and New York and the Cote d'Azur , as well as the purveyors of super-luxury consumer goods .
this does not necessarily put the country of origin of the individual capitalist in a better position , for most of the benefits of this changing situation may [gather/gain] to the swiss banking industry , or the real estate markets in california and new york and the cote d'azur , as well as the purveyors of super-luxury consumer goods .

Answer guide : As with item ( f ) above the question of the cost is important to discuss in terms of what future benefit is likely to accrue to the business .
answer guide : as with item ( f ) above the question of the cost is important to discuss in terms of what future benefit is likely to [gather/gain] to the business .

Benefits would accrue from the privatization of state companies , he said , although the government would recognise its `` social objective `` to raise public living standards and maintain public services .
benefits would [gather/gain] from the privatization of state companies , he said , although the government would recognise its `` social objective `` to raise public living standards and maintain public services .

Marxists and feminists are inclined to see this familiar fact as a form of exploitation , and the current fashion is to be particularly scornful of the honour that is supposed to accrue to the unpaid housewife .
marxists and feminists are inclined to see this familiar fact as a form of exploitation , and the current fashion is to be particularly scornful of the honour that is supposed to [gather/gain] to the unpaid housewife .

It should be noted that these projections do not reflect any benefits that may accrue to the Group following a transfer of ownership and have been prepared under the assumption that the Group 's current operating conditions will apply over the whole period under review ’ .
it should be noted that these projections do not reflect any benefits that may [gather/gain] to the group following a transfer of ownership and have been prepared under the assumption that the group 's current operating conditions will apply over the whole period under review ’ .

to examine the most tax efficient structure for the deal , as regards the capital sums and future income which will accrue to you , and also to examine the opportunities for tax saving prior to the disposal
to examine the most tax efficient structure for the deal , as regards the capital sums and future income which will [gather/gain] to you , and also to examine the opportunities for tax saving prior to the disposal

Any advantages which accrue to taxpayers as a result of complying with income tax obligations are also being examined and where possible quantified .
any advantages which [gather/gain] to taxpayers as a result of complying with income tax obligations are also being examined and where possible quantified .

In assessing the benefits of road improvements , the Department of Transport takes account of the direct cost savings which accrue to operators of commercial vehicles resulting from improvements to individual road links .
in assessing the benefits of road improvements , the department of transport takes account of the direct cost savings which [gather/gain] to operators of commercial vehicles resulting from improvements to individual road links .

Member for Torbay said , the Government have conceded the principle that some extra benefit should accrue to households containing only one person .
member for torbay said , the government have conceded the principle that some extra benefit should [gather/gain] to households containing only one person .

That sentence encapsulates one of the obvious advantages that will accrue from the Bill .
that sentence encapsulates one of the obvious advantages that will [gather/gain] from the bill .

One would hope that major retailers will be clear in their minds about their activities and the consequences that may accrue .
one would hope that major retailers will be clear in their minds about their activities and the consequences that may [gather/gain] .

The benefits would accrue to everyone who would suffer the effects of flooding .
the benefits would [gather/gain] to everyone who would suffer the effects of flooding .

The employer had , therefore , to incur heavy development costs before any net tangible benefits would accrue from the invention .
the employer had , therefore , to incur heavy development costs before any net tangible benefits would [gather/gain] from the invention .

While Senator Bob Kerrey of Nebraska and Senator Tom Harkin of Iowa were expected to accrue some of the black support which would otherwise have gone to Wilder , the principal beneficiary of Wilder 's withdrawal seemed likely to be front-runner Bill Clinton , who had won considerable black support in his five campaigns for the governorship of Arkansas .
while senator bob kerrey of nebraska and senator tom harkin of iowa were expected to [gather/gain] some of the black support which would otherwise have gone to wilder , the principal beneficiary of wilder 's withdrawal seemed likely to be front-runner bill clinton , who had won considerable black support in his five campaigns for the governorship of arkansas .

Right of action not to accrue or continue unless there is adverse possession
right of action not to [gather/gain] or continue unless there is adverse possession

Benefits can also accrue from removing NTBs even if there is no comparative advantage to be reaped .
benefits can also [gather/gain] from removing ntbs even if there is no comparative advantage to be reaped .

Conversely the benefits which accrue from a fully fledged economic union are by definition more numerous than those which result from membership of a customs union .
conversely the benefits which [gather/gain] from a fully fledged economic union are by definition more numerous than those which result from membership of a customs union .

Failure to benefit from some union policies need not preclude membership if advantages accrue from other union policies .
failure to benefit from some union policies need not preclude membership if advantages [gather/gain] from other union policies .

In addition to the health benefits that would accrue from postponement of childbearing until age 20 or after , in some countries , there would also be social gains , including the option of longer schooling .
in addition to the health benefits that would [gather/gain] from postponement of childbearing until age 20 or after , in some countries , there would also be social gains , including the option of longer schooling .

This is because in the first case the interest earned at the end of the first month can be reinvested in the second month ; in the second case , the whole interest does not accrue until the end of the second month and so is not available for reinvestment until then .
this is because in the first case the interest earned at the end of the first month can be reinvested in the second month ; in the second case , the whole interest does not [gather/gain] until the end of the second month and so is not available for reinvestment until then .

One could use cash accounting ( so that revenue and expenditure are recorded only when cash receipts and payments are made ) , while the other could use accrual accounting ( so that revenue and expenditure are recorded as they accrue ) .
one could use cash accounting ( so that revenue and expenditure are recorded only when cash receipts and payments are made ) , while the other could use accrual accounting ( so that revenue and expenditure are recorded as they [gather/gain] ) .

But remember that these cars accrue , and can withstand , significantly higher mileages than petrol cars , 50-90,000 being the norm .
but remember that these cars [gather/gain] , and can withstand , significantly higher mileages than petrol cars , 50-90,000 being the norm .

If appraisal meets the criteria outlined above then a number of benefits accrue : more systematic identification of agendas for staff development , improved communication , enhanced self-awareness and improved self-analysis , improved management of learning and greater opportunities for recognition and praise .
if appraisal meets the criteria outlined above then a number of benefits [gather/gain] : more systematic identification of agendas for staff development , improved communication , enhanced self-awareness and improved self-analysis , improved management of learning and greater opportunities for recognition and praise .

Apart altogether from the loss of water which must accrue by the rise of locks , the time saved in passing through the Grand Union Canal must under ordinary circumstances be reduced by not less than say 3 hours .
apart altogether from the loss of water which must [gather/gain] by the rise of locks , the time saved in passing through the grand union canal must under ordinary circumstances be reduced by not less than say 3 hours .

The Standard commentary column enthused again about the benefits that would accrue to the town ; ‘ people of means and leisure will take up residence in the district ; it has long been said that Henley needed further attractions and the present move is assuredly one in the right direction ’ .
the standard commentary column enthused again about the benefits that would [gather/gain] to the town ; ‘ people of means and leisure will take up residence in the district ; it has long been said that henley needed further attractions and the present move is assuredly one in the right direction ’ .

’ As for British citizens falling foul of the regime , Mr Marlow believes that ‘ No country can be expected to operate a differential system of justice in favour of foreigners ’ , although he adds that benefits can accrue from the exercise of ‘ justified clemency ’ .
’ as for british citizens falling foul of the regime , mr marlow believes that ‘ no country can be expected to operate a differential system of justice in favour of foreigners ’ , although he adds that benefits can [gather/gain] from the exercise of ‘ justified clemency ’ .

If your tactics are effective you will accrue points .
if your tactics are effective you will [gather/gain] points .

If they are unbalanced , that is you attack effectively but lose out on your defence , your opponent also will accrue points .
if they are unbalanced , that is you attack effectively but lose out on your defence , your opponent also will [gather/gain] points .

The taller you are for your weight , the more range advantage you will accrue .
the taller you are for your weight , the more range advantage you will [gather/gain] .

The funds unlocked by Michael Milken 's junk bonds , a form of finance which uses the tax benefits which accrue to corporate debt , meant that the unthinkable takeovers of the past became possible .
the funds unlocked by michael milken 's junk bonds , a form of finance which uses the tax benefits which [gather/gain] to corporate debt , meant that the unthinkable takeovers of the past became possible .

Another is that if resident farmers are to undertake the planting , management and felling of forests , surpluses accrue and are more likely to be reinvested locally .
another is that if resident farmers are to undertake the planting , management and felling of forests , surpluses [gather/gain] and are more likely to be reinvested locally .

Most of the benefits of such investment by urban based business or financial institutions have always tended to accrue to the more advantaged economic sectors .
most of the benefits of such investment by urban based business or financial institutions have always tended to [gather/gain] to the more advantaged economic sectors .

However that same landlord may be introducing tube wells , tractors and high-yielding varieties of seeds , and therefore wish to get rid of the large number of inefficient workers to whom he may be partly responsible for housing , clothing , looking after their aged or sick , and also to whom a sizeable proportion of the additional benefit from these improved inputs would accrue .
however that same landlord may be introducing tube wells , tractors and high-yielding varieties of seeds , and therefore wish to get rid of the large number of inefficient workers to whom he may be partly responsible for housing , clothing , looking after their aged or sick , and also to whom a sizeable proportion of the additional benefit from these improved inputs would [gather/gain] .

The exchange of dissimilar things in the patron-client relationship occurs because the patron offers the qualities that accrue to his superior status , that is , power and influence to help the client while , in return , the latter contributes support and esteem .
the exchange of dissimilar things in the patron-client relationship occurs because the patron offers the qualities that [gather/gain] to his superior status , that is , power and influence to help the client while , in return , the latter contributes support and esteem .

Recent reports on current or just completed land-drainage schemes emphasize the trend whereby large farmers accrue the benefit much more commonly than small men .
recent reports on current or just completed land-drainage schemes emphasize the trend whereby large farmers [gather/gain] the benefit much more commonly than small men .

Motor insurance policy premiums should reduce over several years if you accrue ‘ No claims bonuses ’ — in other words if you do not make any claims for damage , etc .
motor insurance policy premiums should reduce over several years if you [gather/gain] ‘ no claims bonuses ’ — in other words if you do not make any claims for damage , etc .

We have to remember that every time we make a purchase , we are converting our assets , which are very compact , and have the ability to maintain us through the interest they accrue , into bulky or fragile items which require maintenance , space and insurance .
we have to remember that every time we make a purchase , we are converting our assets , which are very compact , and have the ability to maintain us through the interest they [gather/gain] , into bulky or fragile items which require maintenance , space and insurance .

It is difficult to accrue the experience that is so essential to cope with the variety of problems presented to the rural adviser .
it is difficult to [gather/gain] the experience that is so essential to cope with the variety of problems presented to the rural adviser .

It is only at the wedding that the two people most concerned are actually fully involved in the decision to have a religious ceremony , albeit not always as a result of a happy consensus , but nevertheless under pressure from some influence which inculcates the belief that some benefit will accrue to the marriage from the involvement of a believed-in ‘ god ’ .
it is only at the wedding that the two people most concerned are actually fully involved in the decision to have a religious ceremony , albeit not always as a result of a happy consensus , but nevertheless under pressure from some influence which inculcates the belief that some benefit will [gather/gain] to the marriage from the involvement of a believed-in ‘ god ’ .

the impact of the Channel Tunnel on Wales has been subject of a recent House of Commons inquiry at which the Welsh Counties Committee argued that considerable benefits could accrue to the Principality if improved transport links with the Tunnel are provided .
the impact of the channel tunnel on wales has been subject of a recent house of commons inquiry at which the welsh counties committee argued that considerable benefits could [gather/gain] to the principality if improved transport links with the tunnel are provided .

Rate exemption was the most important , particularly for pre-designation companies and new start-ups , but less so for branch plants where the benefits might accrue to head offices .
rate exemption was the most important , particularly for pre-designation companies and new start-ups , but less so for branch plants where the benefits might [gather/gain] to head offices .

Some experts worry that adult-structured athletics are robbing children of crucial learning experiences that accrue from spontaneous game play .
some experts worry that adult-structured athletics are robbing children of crucial learning experiences that [gather/gain] from spontaneous game play .

Some of these basic legal rights of equality did not accrue to women until well into this century .
some of these basic legal rights of equality did not [gather/gain] to women until well into this century .

Those advantages accrue no more to humans exchanging apples and oranges than to root nodules and fungi exchanging sugar and fixed nitrogen such that both make enhanced livings .
those advantages [gather/gain] no more to humans exchanging apples and oranges than to root nodules and fungi exchanging sugar and fixed nitrogen such that both make enhanced livings .

Special benefits may be provided to identifiable recipients who pay the fees , beyond the benefits , if any , that accrue to the general public ( e.g. , passport fees ) ; or the Government may incur costs in order to regulate an identifiable entity for the benefit of the general public or some other group , in which case the user charge compensates the Government for its regulatory costs that were caused by the activity of the party that pays the charge ( e.g. , SEC and Nuclear Regulatory Commission fees ) .
special benefits may be provided to identifiable recipients who pay the fees , beyond the benefits , if any , that [gather/gain] to the general public ( e.g. , passport fees ) ; or the government may incur costs in order to regulate an identifiable entity for the benefit of the general public or some other group , in which case the user charge compensates the government for its regulatory costs that were caused by the activity of the party that pays the charge ( e.g. , sec and nuclear regulatory commission fees ) .

Employees who are paid regardless of their presence or absence and who do not accrue leave under 5 U.S.C .
employees who are paid regardless of their presence or absence and who do not [gather/gain] leave under 5 u.s.c .

Employees can accrue savings by such means as using frequent flyer miles to obtain free airline tickets , sharing hotel rooms with coworkers , or staying with friends or relatives .
employees can [gather/gain] savings by such means as using frequent flyer miles to obtain free airline tickets , sharing hotel rooms with coworkers , or staying with friends or relatives .

The travel or transportation services from which the promotional benefits accrue are intended to include services provided by airlines , hotels , and rental car vendors .
the travel or transportation services from which the promotional benefits [gather/gain] are intended to include services provided by airlines , hotels , and rental car vendors .

Some have argued that the budget may actually favor short-term consumption because the cost of both must be scored up-front as part of the Budget Enforcement Act process even though most of the benefits from investment programs accrue in the future.24 In the past , GAO has suggested that the budget could better facilitate policymakers ' weighing choices between federal investment and consumption by incorporating an investment component with agreed-upon levels of investment spending .
some have argued that the budget may actually favor short-term consumption because the cost of both must be scored up-front as part of the budget enforcement act process even though most of the benefits from investment programs [gather/gain] in the future.24 in the past , gao has suggested that the budget could better facilitate policymakers ' weighing choices between federal investment and consumption by incorporating an investment component with agreed-upon levels of investment spending .

The need to recoup this investment , and then hopefully to accrue some net earnings beyond these expenses , impels the H-2A alien to stay in the good graces of his employer as long as possible during the work period , avoiding any type of dispute , if possible , and/or injuries while on the job .
the need to recoup this investment , and then hopefully to [gather/gain] some net earnings beyond these expenses , impels the h-2a alien to stay in the good graces of his employer as long as possible during the work period , avoiding any type of dispute , if possible , and/or injuries while on the job .

Many individuals who otherwise would develop diabetes or cardiovascular disease would benefit if advances in exercise biology revealed novel measures to promote the favorable effects on insulin sensitivity , lipoprotein metabolism , and blood pressure that are known to accrue through regular physical activity .
many individuals who otherwise would develop diabetes or cardiovascular disease would benefit if advances in exercise biology revealed novel measures to promote the favorable effects on insulin sensitivity , lipoprotein metabolism , and blood pressure that are known to [gather/gain] through regular physical activity .

The myofiber somehow “ remembers ” not only the pattern of activity it has experienced today , but what has gone on over the preceding days or weeks , such that the changes in abundance of proteins that control contractile function and metabolism accrue over time .
the myofiber somehow “ remembers ” not only the pattern of activity it has experienced today , but what has gone on over the preceding days or weeks , such that the changes in abundance of proteins that control contractile function and metabolism [gather/gain] over time .

Once people read about the physical benefits that accrue from writing , I 'm sure that writing clinics will spring up in California , land of all good fads , or if the JAMA study is discredited and writing clinics are outlawed , then they will spring up in Mexico .
once people read about the physical benefits that [gather/gain] from writing , i 'm sure that writing clinics will spring up in california , land of all good fads , or if the jama study is discredited and writing clinics are outlawed , then they will spring up in mexico .

That such an ordering hardly induces in the author of the aforementioned trois such satisfaction as might be hoped to accrue to one looking down with Olympian detachment from beyond the vale of longevity is a statement the validity of which can not be called readily into question .
that such an ordering hardly induces in the author of the aforementioned trois such satisfaction as might be hoped to [gather/gain] to one looking down with olympian detachment from beyond the vale of longevity is a statement the validity of which can not be called readily into question .

Culturebox does n't know how much Bookscan was charging , but wonders whether publishers really factored in the savings they 'd accrue from better-targeted marketing .
culturebox does n't know how much bookscan was charging , but wonders whether publishers really factored in the savings they 'd [gather/gain] from better-targeted marketing .

