Subject to the limitations hereinafter provided , the Secretary of the Treasury is authorized and directed to pay , as prescribed by Section 8 of this Title , an amount not exceeding the principal of each award , plus accrued interests on such awards as bear interest , certified pursuant to Section 5 of this Title , in accordance with the award .
subject to the limitations hereinafter provided , the secretary of the treasury is authorized and directed to pay , as prescribed by section 8 of this title , an amount not exceeding the principal of each award , plus [gathered/gained] interests on such awards as bear interest , certified pursuant to section 5 of this title , in accordance with the award .

after payment has been made of the principal amounts of all such awards , to make pro rata payments on account of accrued interest on such awards as bear interest .
after payment has been made of the principal amounts of all such awards , to make pro rata payments on account of [gathered/gained] interest on such awards as bear interest .

In addition to direct salaries and wages , the Company paid or accrued during the year the following amounts for the benefit of employees :
in addition to direct salaries and wages , the company paid or [gathered/gained] during the year the following amounts for the benefit of employees :

accrued now .
[gathered/gained] now .

He said it was worthless having a respected financial sector that did nothing to help the economy and added that the vested interests of the sector needed to be tackled so that the benefits could be accrued by everyone in Scotland and not just a selected minority .
he said it was worthless having a respected financial sector that did nothing to help the economy and added that the vested interests of the sector needed to be tackled so that the benefits could be [gathered/gained] by everyone in scotland and not just a selected minority .

He had applied to make available some of his pension benefits accrued during his 20 years as a businessman .
he had applied to make available some of his pension benefits [gathered/gained] during his 20 years as a businessman .

The Bank of Scotland had frozen the overdraft of Monktonhall Mineworkers Ltd some weeks ago when it emerged that debts of about £1.7 million had accrued .
the bank of scotland had frozen the overdraft of monktonhall mineworkers ltd some weeks ago when it emerged that debts of about £1.7 million had [gathered/gained] .

When many people take out their pension , they may be happily married , but the sad fact is that many will have divorced before reaching retirement . Splitting such obvious assets as the matrimonial home may be strewn with problems , but what about an accrued pension fund ?
when many people take out their pension , they may be happily married , but the sad fact is that many will have divorced before reaching retirement . splitting such obvious assets as the matrimonial home may be strewn with problems , but what about an [gathered/gained] pension fund ?

The price at which CDs are traded is a reflection of their maturity value plus ‘ accrued ’ interest .
the price at which cds are traded is a reflection of their maturity value plus ‘ [gathered/gained] ’ interest .

‘ Accrued ’ because the interest has not yet been actually paid by the original deposit taker .
‘ [gathered/gained] ’ because the interest has not yet been actually paid by the original deposit taker .

At its peak , in June , when 12,000 vehicles were employed , one passed along it every fourteen seconds , and it was estimated that the mileage accrued each week along its short fifty miles added up to twenty-five times the earth 's circumference .
at its peak , in june , when 12,000 vehicles were employed , one passed along it every fourteen seconds , and it was estimated that the mileage [gathered/gained] each week along its short fifty miles added up to twenty-five times the earth 's circumference .

The criminal law sees only some types of property deprivation as robbery or theft ; it excludes , for example , the separation of consumers and part of their money that follows manufacturers ' malpractices or advertisers ' misrepresentations ; it excludes shareholders losing their money because managers behaved in ways which they thought would be to the advantage of shareholders even though the only tangible benefits accrued to the managers ( Hopkins 1980b ) ; it excludes the extra tax citizens , in this or other countries , have to pay because : ( i ) corporations and the very wealthy are able to employ financial experts at discovering legal loopholes through which money can be safely transported to tax havens ; ( ii ) Defence Department officials have been bribed to order more expensive weaponry systems or missiles in ‘ excess ’ of those ‘ needed ’ ; ( iii ) multinational drug companies charge our National Health Services prices which are estimated to be at least , £50 millions in excess of alternative supplies .
the criminal law sees only some types of property deprivation as robbery or theft ; it excludes , for example , the separation of consumers and part of their money that follows manufacturers ' malpractices or advertisers ' misrepresentations ; it excludes shareholders losing their money because managers behaved in ways which they thought would be to the advantage of shareholders even though the only tangible benefits [gathered/gained] to the managers ( hopkins 1980b ) ; it excludes the extra tax citizens , in this or other countries , have to pay because : ( i ) corporations and the very wealthy are able to employ financial experts at discovering legal loopholes through which money can be safely transported to tax havens ; ( ii ) defence department officials have been bribed to order more expensive weaponry systems or missiles in ‘ excess ’ of those ‘ needed ’ ; ( iii ) multinational drug companies charge our national health services prices which are estimated to be at least , £50 millions in excess of alternative supplies .

Bell Atlantic Corp 's Bell Telephone Co of Pennsylvania is restructuring its debt to reduce its interest charges : it is calling for redemption all its outstanding 8.75 % debentures due July 15 2015 and will pay 104.24 % of principal plus accrued interest , and has offered $ 150m of 6.875 % debentures due March 15 2003 at $ 98.90 % to yield 6.275 % .
bell atlantic corp 's bell telephone co of pennsylvania is restructuring its debt to reduce its interest charges : it is calling for redemption all its outstanding 8.75 % debentures due july 15 2015 and will pay 104.24 % of principal plus [gathered/gained] interest , and has offered $ 150m of 6.875 % debentures due march 15 2003 at $ 98.90 % to yield 6.275 % .

Bell Atlantic Corp 's New Jersey Bell Telephone Co , will on April 7 redeem its outstanding 40-year 8.75% debentures due June 1 2018 at 103.59% of principal amount plus accrued interest , it said .
bell atlantic corp 's new jersey bell telephone co , will on april 7 redeem its outstanding 40-year 8.75% debentures due june 1 2018 at 103.59% of principal amount plus [gathered/gained] interest , it said .

The redemption price on 8 % debentures will be 104.8 % of the principal amount , the price of the 11.50 % debentures will be 100 % of the principal amount , plus accrued interest in each case .
the redemption price on 8 % debentures will be 104.8 % of the principal amount , the price of the 11.50 % debentures will be 100 % of the principal amount , plus [gathered/gained] interest in each case .

Southwestern Bell Corp 's Southwestern Bell Telephone Co is also calling for redemption two issues of debentures totalling $450m , which will result in The issues being called are $150m of 8.25% notes due September 1 2005 , redeemable at $101.78% plus accrued interest , and $300m of 8.75% notes due November 1 2024 , redeemable at $103.34% plus interest .
southwestern bell corp 's southwestern bell telephone co is also calling for redemption two issues of debentures totalling $450m , which will result in the issues being called are $150m of 8.25% notes due september 1 2005 , redeemable at $101.78% plus [gathered/gained] interest , and $300m of 8.75% notes due november 1 2024 , redeemable at $103.34% plus interest .

Bell Atlantic Corp 's Chesapeake & Potomac Telephone Co of Maryland will redeem all $ 125m of its draining 40-year 9.0 % debentures due October 1 2018 , at 105.63 pct of principal plus accrued interest .
bell atlantic corp 's chesapeake & potomac telephone co of maryland will redeem all $ 125m of its draining 40-year 9.0 % debentures due october 1 2018 , at 105.63 pct of principal plus [gathered/gained] interest .

It is also redeeming all of its $ 100m 35-year , 8.75 % debentures due June 1 2009 at 103.23 % of principal amount , plus the interest accrued from December .
it is also redeeming all of its $ 100m 35-year , 8.75 % debentures due june 1 2009 at 103.23 % of principal amount , plus the interest [gathered/gained] from december .

Ameritech Corp 's Cleveland-based Ohio Bell is calling its 8.75% debentures due April 15 2026 : all $125m of aggregate principal out will be redeemed on April 30 1993 by National City Bank of Cleveland at 107% per $1,000 bond , plus accrued interest .
ameritech corp 's cleveland-based ohio bell is calling its 8.75% debentures due april 15 2026 : all $125m of aggregate principal out will be redeemed on april 30 1993 by national city bank of cleveland at 107% per $1,000 bond , plus [gathered/gained] interest .

Concurrent wants to apply proceeds from the sale to redemption in full of its senior subordinated debt — 12.08 % senior subordinated notes due 1997 , with $ 66m face amount plus accrued interest out there .
concurrent wants to apply proceeds from the sale to redemption in full of its senior subordinated debt — 12.08 % senior subordinated notes due 1997 , with $ 66m face amount plus [gathered/gained] interest out there .

Bell Atlantic Corp 's Chesapeake & Potomac Telephone Co of West Virginia is to redeem its $50m of 9% debentures due May 2015 on June 6 at 104.37% of the principal , plus accrued interest from May 15 .
bell atlantic corp 's chesapeake & potomac telephone co of west virginia is to redeem its $50m of 9% debentures due may 2015 on june 6 at 104.37% of the principal , plus [gathered/gained] interest from may 15 .

The two are the $ 250m of 9.625 % debentures due March 1 2019 , to be redeemed at 105.55 % of principal plus accrued interest , and $ 200m of 8.25 % debentures due August 1 2013 , to be redeemed at 103.56 % plus accrued interest .
the two are the $ 250m of 9.625 % debentures due march 1 2019 , to be redeemed at 105.55 % of principal plus [gathered/gained] interest , and $ 200m of 8.25 % debentures due august 1 2013 , to be redeemed at 103.56 % plus [gathered/gained] interest .

The under sheriff then issues a warrant for one of his bailiffs or officers to enforce the judgment by seizure of sufficient goods of the defendant to cover the judgment debt and costs , any accrued interest ( from date of judgment to date of payment ) , the sheriff 's charges , the fee on a writ of fi .
the under sheriff then issues a warrant for one of his bailiffs or officers to enforce the judgment by seizure of sufficient goods of the defendant to cover the judgment debt and costs , any [gathered/gained] interest ( from date of judgment to date of payment ) , the sheriff 's charges , the fee on a writ of fi .

We are therefore the inheritors of this tradition whereby expertise , being concentrated , has accrued to the point now where technology allied with pedagogy can provide quite powerfully for children in need , in whatever their setting .
we are therefore the inheritors of this tradition whereby expertise , being concentrated , has [gathered/gained] to the point now where technology allied with pedagogy can provide quite powerfully for children in need , in whatever their setting .

Whereas previously most pensions got frozen , new legislation obliges companies to increase all your accrued pension rights by 5 per cent a year or the rate of inflation , whichever is lower .
whereas previously most pensions got frozen , new legislation obliges companies to increase all your [gathered/gained] pension rights by 5 per cent a year or the rate of inflation , whichever is lower .

( Until the start of 1991 , this requirement only applied to rights accrued since 1985 . )
( until the start of 1991 , this requirement only applied to rights [gathered/gained] since 1985 . )

This is because smaller competing firms lose the benefits of size — economies of scale — which would have accrued to a single , large firm .
this is because smaller competing firms lose the benefits of size — economies of scale — which would have [gathered/gained] to a single , large firm .

Throughout this year they have faced strong competition from National Savings and , throughout the summer months , new savings flowed away from building society accounts , although accrued interest of £8bn helped offset the immediate impact of this outflow .
throughout this year they have faced strong competition from national savings and , throughout the summer months , new savings flowed away from building society accounts , although [gathered/gained] interest of £8bn helped offset the immediate impact of this outflow .

It was wrong to suppose that the rights from which profits accrued to the taxpayer were located outside Hong Kong .
it was wrong to suppose that the rights from which profits [gathered/gained] to the taxpayer were located outside hong kong .

Any overseas profits accrued not to it , but to the sub-businesses .
any overseas profits [gathered/gained] not to it , but to the sub-businesses .

Debt securities are to be analysed into those due in not more than one year , between one and five years and over five years , with accrued interest shown separately .
debt securities are to be analysed into those due in not more than one year , between one and five years and over five years , with [gathered/gained] interest shown separately .

The change in market value of certificates held at 31 December is simply the product of applying accrued interest at that date .
the change in market value of certificates held at 31 december is simply the product of applying [gathered/gained] interest at that date .

The certificates are , of course , quoted daily with accrued interest .
the certificates are , of course , quoted daily with [gathered/gained] interest .

The prices quoted for convertible loans and convertible prefs include any accrued interest/dividend ; this is not shown separately as for gilts and many debentures and loans .
the prices quoted for convertible loans and convertible prefs include any [gathered/gained] interest/dividend ; this is not shown separately as for gilts and many debentures and loans .

However , in the case of Eurosterling convertibles issued on the Eurobond market the prices are usually quoted clean , ie with the accrued interest added separately .
however , in the case of eurosterling convertibles issued on the eurobond market the prices are usually quoted clean , ie with the [gathered/gained] interest added separately .

Also , under the accrued income scheme the gilt buyer will pay for the accrued gross interest since the last interest payment date .
also , under the [gathered/gained] income scheme the gilt buyer will pay for the [gathered/gained] gross interest since the last interest payment date .

For example , a purchaser of 9 1/2 % Treasury 1999 at £100 27/32 will in addition have to pay for 26 days accrued interest .
for example , a purchaser of 9 1/2 % treasury 1999 at £100 27/32 will in addition have to pay for 26 days [gathered/gained] interest .

The amount attributed to non-equity interests is not to be confined to the nominal value of the shares , but should reflect the full consideration received , together with any accrued premium for redemption .
the amount attributed to non-equity interests is not to be confined to the nominal value of the shares , but should reflect the full consideration received , together with any [gathered/gained] premium for redemption .

If the holder has an option to redeem at a premium , that premium should be accrued over the period to the earliest date at which the option can be exercised .
if the holder has an option to redeem at a premium , that premium should be [gathered/gained] over the period to the earliest date at which the option can be exercised .

Dealings take place at the price quoted plus or minus days ' accrued interest .
dealings take place at the price quoted plus or minus days ' [gathered/gained] interest .

The shareholders ' accrued interest in profits retained within the life funds comes to £2.4bn .
the shareholders ' [gathered/gained] interest in profits retained within the life funds comes to £2.4bn .

However , the limitation on recovery did apply to interest which accrued before October 1984 , but not to that accruing after that date .
however , the limitation on recovery did apply to interest which [gathered/gained] before october 1984 , but not to that accruing after that date .

In addition , interest on overdue tax accrued indefinitely and not on a day-to-day basis even if it was so calculated .
in addition , interest on overdue tax [gathered/gained] indefinitely and not on a day-to-day basis even if it was so calculated .

He 'd purchased considerable tracts of land during his lifetime , and the profits that accrued from that investment had ballooned as London grew .
he 'd purchased considerable tracts of land during his lifetime , and the profits that [gathered/gained] from that investment had ballooned as london grew .

Texas Instruments Inc , Dallas plans to redeem 3.7m of the 11.1m outstanding of its $2.26 depositary shares in an exchange of 0.6452116 of a common share and 34.5278 cents in cash for each depositary share , including accrued and unpaid dividends .
texas instruments inc , dallas plans to redeem 3.7m of the 11.1m outstanding of its $2.26 depositary shares in an exchange of 0.6452116 of a common share and 34.5278 cents in cash for each depositary share , including [gathered/gained] and unpaid dividends .

Standard English today differs from local dialects not only in permitting the expression of complex relationships in familiar written forms , but also in the astonishing wealth of vocabulary which has accrued to it through its intellectual and imperial history .
standard english today differs from local dialects not only in permitting the expression of complex relationships in familiar written forms , but also in the astonishing wealth of vocabulary which has [gathered/gained] to it through its intellectual and imperial history .

6.3 The expiry or termination of this Agreement shall be without prejudice to the rights of the Parties accrued up to the date of such expiry or termination .
6.3 the expiry or termination of this agreement shall be without prejudice to the rights of the parties [gathered/gained] up to the date of such expiry or termination .

Hence partners must inform the other partners of all personal profits which have accrued to them by virtue of their being partners .
hence partners must inform the other partners of all personal profits which have [gathered/gained] to them by virtue of their being partners .

In some cases they accrue entitlements to holiday pay which they receive as a lump sum on the termination of their employment , although in the holiday camps sector these accrued holiday entitlements are less than the holiday entitlements of comparable regular staff .
in some cases they accrue entitlements to holiday pay which they receive as a lump sum on the termination of their employment , although in the holiday camps sector these [gathered/gained] holiday entitlements are less than the holiday entitlements of comparable regular staff .

For material contingent losses which are not accrued , give :
for material contingent losses which are not [gathered/gained] , give :

This chapter reviews the evidence on the issue that has accrued from the different methodologies available .
this chapter reviews the evidence on the issue that has [gathered/gained] from the different methodologies available .

But to me , who had grown up without knowing want , the prosperity which accrued around them through the fifties and early sixties was of little account .
but to me , who had grown up without knowing want , the prosperity which [gathered/gained] around them through the fifties and early sixties was of little account .

But for his act in bringing it there no mischief could have accrued , and it seems but just that he should at his peril keep it there so that no mischief may accrue , or answer for the natural and anticipated consequences .
but for his act in bringing it there no mischief could have [gathered/gained] , and it seems but just that he should at his peril keep it there so that no mischief may accrue , or answer for the natural and anticipated consequences .

Between April 1988 and September 1989 40 patients were accrued to the study .
between april 1988 and september 1989 40 patients were [gathered/gained] to the study .

Any savings accrued by this system could be used to reduce the severity of the means testing , thus reducing the way small savers are currently penalised .
any savings [gathered/gained] by this system could be used to reduce the severity of the means testing , thus reducing the way small savers are currently penalised .

‘ ( 1 ) … in relation to an institution in respect of which a payment falls to be made under section 58 ( 1 ) above any reference in this Act to a depositor 's protected deposit is a reference to the total liability of the institution to him immediately before the time when it becomes insolvent , limited to a maximum of £20,000 , in respect of the principal amounts of and accrued interest on sterling deposits made with United Kingdom offices of the institution .
‘ ( 1 ) … in relation to an institution in respect of which a payment falls to be made under section 58 ( 1 ) above any reference in this act to a depositor 's protected deposit is a reference to the total liability of the institution to him immediately before the time when it becomes insolvent , limited to a maximum of £20,000 , in respect of the principal amounts of and [gathered/gained] interest on sterling deposits made with united kingdom offices of the institution .

( 2 ) … in relation to an institution in respect of which a payment falls to be made under section 58 ( 2 ) above any reference in this Act to a depositor 's protected deposit is a reference to the liability of the institution to him in respect of — ( a ) the principal amount of each sterling deposit which was made by him with a United Kingdom office of the institution before the making of the administration order and which under the terms on which it was made is or becomes due or payable while the order is in force ; and ( b ) accrued interest on any such deposit up to the time when it is or becomes due and payable as aforesaid ; but so that the total liability of the institution to him in respect of such deposits does not exceed £20,000 .
( 2 ) … in relation to an institution in respect of which a payment falls to be made under section 58 ( 2 ) above any reference in this act to a depositor 's protected deposit is a reference to the liability of the institution to him in respect of — ( a ) the principal amount of each sterling deposit which was made by him with a united kingdom office of the institution before the making of the administration order and which under the terms on which it was made is or becomes due or payable while the order is in force ; and ( b ) [gathered/gained] interest on any such deposit up to the time when it is or becomes due and payable as aforesaid ; but so that the total liability of the institution to him in respect of such deposits does not exceed £20,000 .

Ireland stressed that the Act of 1988 was directed to ensuring that the economic benefits of the quotas allocated to the United Kingdom accrued to British fishing communities .
ireland stressed that the act of 1988 was directed to ensuring that the economic benefits of the quotas allocated to the united kingdom [gathered/gained] to british fishing communities .

By notice of appeal dated 25 February 1991 the local authority appealed on the grounds that ( 1 ) the judge was wrong in law in holding that the cause of action accrued under section 10 of the Housing Act 1957 when the works were completed ; and ( 2 ) the judge ought to have held that on the true construction of , inter alia , section 10 the cause of action arose when the demands for payment were served or , alternatively , when the demands became operative following the determination of any appeal .
by notice of appeal dated 25 february 1991 the local authority appealed on the grounds that ( 1 ) the judge was wrong in law in holding that the cause of action [gathered/gained] under section 10 of the housing act 1957 when the works were completed ; and ( 2 ) the judge ought to have held that on the true construction of , inter alia , section 10 the cause of action arose when the demands for payment were served or , alternatively , when the demands became operative following the determination of any appeal .

‘ ( 1 ) An action to recover any sum recoverable by virtue of any enactment shall not be brought after the expiration of six years from the date on which the cause of action accrued .
‘ ( 1 ) an action to recover any sum recoverable by virtue of any enactment shall not be brought after the expiration of six years from the date on which the cause of action [gathered/gained] .

The defendant contended it accrued when the works were completed , in which event the action is statute-barred .
the defendant contended it [gathered/gained] when the works were completed , in which event the action is statute-barred .

Turning to the decisions of the Board of Review and in the courts below , it appears that the Board of Review , by posing the question in their decision in the manner which has already been referred to , assumed that the taxpayer 's profits accrued from exhibition by its sub-licensees of films and programmes abroad .
turning to the decisions of the board of review and in the courts below , it appears that the board of review , by posing the question in their decision in the manner which has already been referred to , assumed that the taxpayer 's profits [gathered/gained] from exhibition by its sub-licensees of films and programmes abroad .

Where at that date , any payment was accruing due , ie where payment in arrears was stipulated , the creditor may prove for the amount which would have fallen due if the debt had accrued from day to day ( r 6.112 ( 2 ) ) .
where at that date , any payment was accruing due , ie where payment in arrears was stipulated , the creditor may prove for the amount which would have fallen due if the debt had [gathered/gained] from day to day ( r 6.112 ( 2 ) ) .

The key words are `` accrued benefits `` .
the key words are `` [gathered/gained] benefits `` .

The key words are `` accrued benefits `` .
the key words are `` [gathered/gained] benefits `` .

Jacques Donzelot has argued that women actively colluded with doctors because of the new-found status that accrued to them within the family as educators of their children and as medical auxiliaries .
jacques donzelot has argued that women actively colluded with doctors because of the new-found status that [gathered/gained] to them within the family as educators of their children and as medical auxiliaries .

exemplary silver , his rune stones . Treasure accrued in a
exemplary silver , his rune stones . treasure [gathered/gained] in a

Once sold , the original amount has to be paid , along with all the accrued interest .
once sold , the original amount has to be paid , along with all the [gathered/gained] interest .

In a very few appearances on the mini tour , he accrued sufficient money to gain his card for the 1991 Volvo Tour .
in a very few appearances on the mini tour , he [gathered/gained] sufficient money to gain his card for the 1991 volvo tour .

By 1872 accrued capital enabled him to return to Sheffield with his wife and stepson , setting up as a picture framer .
by 1872 [gathered/gained] capital enabled him to return to sheffield with his wife and stepson , setting up as a picture framer .

The preferential debts of the employees are set out in Schedule 6 to the Insolvency Act 1986 and include four months ' wages and accrued holiday remuneration .
the preferential debts of the employees are set out in schedule 6 to the insolvency act 1986 and include four months ' wages and [gathered/gained] holiday remuneration .

For example , some local authorities produce their financial statements very quickly ; on the other hand , they are able to do this by including more estimates of accrued expenditure rather than waiting for invoices to come in .
for example , some local authorities produce their financial statements very quickly ; on the other hand , they are able to do this by including more estimates of [gathered/gained] expenditure rather than waiting for invoices to come in .

‘ Revenue and costs are accrued ( that is , recognised as they are earned or incurred , not as money is received or paid ) , matched with one another so far as their relationship can be established or justifiably assumed , and dealt with in the profit and loss account of the period to which they relate ; provided that where the accruals concept is inconsistent with the prudence concept , the latter prevails . ’
‘ revenue and costs are [gathered/gained] ( that is , recognised as they are earned or incurred , not as money is received or paid ) , matched with one another so far as their relationship can be established or justifiably assumed , and dealt with in the profit and loss account of the period to which they relate ; provided that where the accruals concept is inconsistent with the prudence concept , the latter prevails . ’

Since no money has been drawn for a considerable number of years and interest has accrued at 7.5 % per annum the fund now stands at around £1000 .
since no money has been drawn for a considerable number of years and interest has [gathered/gained] at 7.5 % per annum the fund now stands at around £1000 .

7.6.6.1 the Term will absolutely cease but without prejudice to any rights or remedies that may have accrued to either party against the other including ( without prejudice to the generality of the above ) any right that the Tenant might have against the Landlord for a breach of the Landlord 's covenants set out in clauses 7.6.1 and 7.6.2
7.6.6.1 the term will absolutely cease but without prejudice to any rights or remedies that may have [gathered/gained] to either party against the other including ( without prejudice to the generality of the above ) any right that the tenant might have against the landlord for a breach of the landlord 's covenants set out in clauses 7.6.1 and 7.6.2

9.1.6 the Tenant has any distress or execution levied on [ its ] goods the Landlord may re-enter the Premises ( or any part of them in the name of the whole ) at any time ( and even if any previous right of re-entry has been waived ) and then the Term will absolutely cease but without prejudice to any rights or remedies which may have accrued to the Landlord against the Tenant or the Guarantor [ or to the Tenant against the Landlord ] in respect of any breach of covenant or other term of this Lease ( including the breach in respect of which the re-entry is made ) All leases will , or should , contain a forfeiture provision which is usually in the form of a proviso reserving to the landlord a right of re-entry in the event of non-payment of rent , breach of covenant or circumstances resulting in , or likely to give rise to , the probability of the tenant being unable to perform its obligations under the lease , eg bankruptcy or liquidation .
9.1.6 the tenant has any distress or execution levied on [ its ] goods the landlord may re-enter the premises ( or any part of them in the name of the whole ) at any time ( and even if any previous right of re-entry has been waived ) and then the term will absolutely cease but without prejudice to any rights or remedies which may have [gathered/gained] to the landlord against the tenant or the guarantor [ or to the tenant against the landlord ] in respect of any breach of covenant or other term of this lease ( including the breach in respect of which the re-entry is made ) all leases will , or should , contain a forfeiture provision which is usually in the form of a proviso reserving to the landlord a right of re-entry in the event of non-payment of rent , breach of covenant or circumstances resulting in , or likely to give rise to , the probability of the tenant being unable to perform its obligations under the lease , eg bankruptcy or liquidation .

Thus , if the taxpayer can show that in year 1 he had been assessed under s739 on the £100,000 which accrued to the trust then the trustees are able either in that year or in subsequent years to pay the monies out without any tax charge under s742 ( 2 ) ( c ) .
thus , if the taxpayer can show that in year 1 he had been assessed under s739 on the £100,000 which [gathered/gained] to the trust then the trustees are able either in that year or in subsequent years to pay the monies out without any tax charge under s742 ( 2 ) ( c ) .

Eggs passed by lambs , from worm burdens which have accrued from the ingestion of overwintered larvae , also contribute to the pasture contamination .
eggs passed by lambs , from worm burdens which have [gathered/gained] from the ingestion of overwintered larvae , also contribute to the pasture contamination .

The solution arrived at was to compensate only ‘ for loss of development value which accrued in the past up to the point where the 1947 axe fell — but not for loss of development value accruing in the future ’ .
the solution arrived at was to compensate only ‘ for loss of development value which [gathered/gained] in the past up to the point where the 1947 axe fell — but not for loss of development value accruing in the future ’ .

The compensation would be the ‘ admitted claim ’ on the £300 million fund ( plus one-seventh for accrued interest on the amount of the claim ) .
the compensation would be the ‘ admitted claim ’ on the £300 million fund ( plus one-seventh for [gathered/gained] interest on the amount of the claim ) .

In the case of owner-occupiers the commission had the right of pre-emption on terms which ensured that the amount of the concession ( and future increases in development value ) accrued to it .
in the case of owner-occupiers the commission had the right of pre-emption on terms which ensured that the amount of the concession ( and future increases in development value ) [gathered/gained] to it .

The images together speak of the losses within language incurred through the passages of migration — losses accrued through violation , silence and often subtlety .
the images together speak of the losses within language incurred through the passages of migration — losses [gathered/gained] through violation , silence and often subtlety .

The benefits that may be accrued from publication/official status ( whatever that means ) should be such that there would be a net increase in the quality of the group .
the benefits that may be [gathered/gained] from publication/official status ( whatever that means ) should be such that there would be a net increase in the quality of the group .

Where a plaintiff claims the delivery of goods let under a hire-purchase agreement to a person other than a body corporate , he shall in his particulars state in the following order : ( 1 ) the date of the agreement and the parties to it , with the number of the agreement or sufficient particulars to enable the debtor to identify the agreement ; ( 2 ) where the plaintiff was not one of the original parties to the agreement , the means by which the rights and duties of the creditor under the agreement passed to him ; ( 3 ) whether the agreement is a regulated agreement and , if it is not a regulated agreement , the reason why ; ( 4 ) the place where the agreement was signed by the debtor ( if known ) ; ( 5 ) the goods claimed ; ( 6 ) the total price of the goods ; ( 7 ) the paid-up sum ; ( 8 ) the unpaid balance of the total price ; ( 9 ) whether a default notice or a notice under s 76(1) or s 98(1) of the Consumer Credit Act 1974 has been served on the debtor and if it has , the date on which and the manner in which it was so served ; ( 10 ) the date when the right to demand delivery of the goods accrued ; ( 11 ) the amount ( if any ) claimed as an alternative to the delivery of the goods ; and ( 12 ) the amount ( if any ) claimed in addition to the delivery of the goods or any claim under sub-paragraph ( 10 ) , stating the cause of action in respect of which each such claim is made .
where a plaintiff claims the delivery of goods let under a hire-purchase agreement to a person other than a body corporate , he shall in his particulars state in the following order : ( 1 ) the date of the agreement and the parties to it , with the number of the agreement or sufficient particulars to enable the debtor to identify the agreement ; ( 2 ) where the plaintiff was not one of the original parties to the agreement , the means by which the rights and duties of the creditor under the agreement passed to him ; ( 3 ) whether the agreement is a regulated agreement and , if it is not a regulated agreement , the reason why ; ( 4 ) the place where the agreement was signed by the debtor ( if known ) ; ( 5 ) the goods claimed ; ( 6 ) the total price of the goods ; ( 7 ) the paid-up sum ; ( 8 ) the unpaid balance of the total price ; ( 9 ) whether a default notice or a notice under s 76(1) or s 98(1) of the consumer credit act 1974 has been served on the debtor and if it has , the date on which and the manner in which it was so served ; ( 10 ) the date when the right to demand delivery of the goods [gathered/gained] ; ( 11 ) the amount ( if any ) claimed as an alternative to the delivery of the goods ; and ( 12 ) the amount ( if any ) claimed in addition to the delivery of the goods or any claim under sub-paragraph ( 10 ) , stating the cause of action in respect of which each such claim is made .

Therefore , on payment out , the court must direct what is to happen to the accrued interest .
therefore , on payment out , the court must direct what is to happen to the [gathered/gained] interest .

The district judge may enter judgment for mesne profits accrued after the hearing on application supported if he so requires , by affidavit .
the district judge may enter judgment for mesne profits [gathered/gained] after the hearing on application supported if he so requires , by affidavit .

7.3 Termination under this Clause shall be without prejudice to the fulfilment of purchase orders wholly or partially outstanding at the date of such termination , and likewise shall not prejudice or affect any right of action or remedy which shall have accrued or shall accrue thereafter under this Agreement to either party .
7.3 termination under this clause shall be without prejudice to the fulfilment of purchase orders wholly or partially outstanding at the date of such termination , and likewise shall not prejudice or affect any right of action or remedy which shall have [gathered/gained] or shall accrue thereafter under this agreement to either party .

( d ) Liabilities Under the Partnership Act a new partner is not to be made responsible for liabilities of the firm accrued before he joins .
( d ) liabilities under the partnership act a new partner is not to be made responsible for liabilities of the firm [gathered/gained] before he joins .

In these cultures no great harm can be seen to have accrued to the children .
in these cultures no great harm can be seen to have [gathered/gained] to the children .

Much of the benefit of this expansion accrued not to smaller farmers , but to central government or to large landowners and landlords .
much of the benefit of this expansion [gathered/gained] not to smaller farmers , but to central government or to large landowners and landlords .

These benefits , which accrued from inflation , far outweighed its disadvantages , such as increased prices for equipment and other working capital .
these benefits , which [gathered/gained] from inflation , far outweighed its disadvantages , such as increased prices for equipment and other working capital .

However the very quirks and obscure family traditions which have accrued over the years can intimidate newcomers .
however the very quirks and obscure family traditions which have [gathered/gained] over the years can intimidate newcomers .

The court will grant such an order if it is satisfied that : ( a ) profits have accrued to any person as a result of that contravention ; or that ( b ) one or more investors have ‘ suffered loss or been otherwise adversely affected .
the court will grant such an order if it is satisfied that : ( a ) profits have [gathered/gained] to any person as a result of that contravention ; or that ( b ) one or more investors have ‘ suffered loss or been otherwise adversely affected .

’ If an order is made , the sum to be disgorged is based on either the amount of the profit which has accrued to the insider , or the amount of loss or adverse affect to investors , or indeed , a combination of both these factors .
’ if an order is made , the sum to be disgorged is based on either the amount of the profit which has [gathered/gained] to the insider , or the amount of loss or adverse affect to investors , or indeed , a combination of both these factors .

An additional financial burden for a woman in situations such as these may be that of arrears which have accrued , of which she may have been previously unaware ( Ginsburg , 1979 , p. 128 ) .
an additional financial burden for a woman in situations such as these may be that of arrears which have [gathered/gained] , of which she may have been previously unaware ( ginsburg , 1979 , p. 128 ) .

claims for personal injury arising out of complaints of indecent assault or rape were subject to the six year limitation period as set out in section 2 of the limitations act 1980 running from the date when the cause of action accrued .
claims for personal injury arising out of complaints of indecent assault or rape were subject to the six year limitation period as set out in section 2 of the limitations act 1980 running from the date when the cause of action [gathered/gained] .

Staff are not allowed to anticipate paid leave beyond what has accrued to them at the rate shown on the annual leave slip at the time of going on leave .
staff are not allowed to anticipate paid leave beyond what has [gathered/gained] to them at the rate shown on the annual leave slip at the time of going on leave .

Since no money has been drawn for a considerable number of years and interest has accrued at 7.5 % per annum the fund now stands at around £1000 .
since no money has been drawn for a considerable number of years and interest has [gathered/gained] at 7.5 % per annum the fund now stands at around £1000 .

Hours accrued during this period will be taken at a later date in accordance with cover .
hours [gathered/gained] during this period will be taken at a later date in accordance with cover .

The champions of optimum treatment irrespective of age point to the surprising number of years of expected life even at advanced ages ( for example , about 5 years for a healthy 87-year-old American woman ) and to moral entitlements accrued over years of work , tax paying , family rearing , and possibly military service .
the champions of optimum treatment irrespective of age point to the surprising number of years of expected life even at advanced ages ( for example , about 5 years for a healthy 87-year-old american woman ) and to moral entitlements [gathered/gained] over years of work , tax paying , family rearing , and possibly military service .

Such agents have been used effectively in patients undergoing dental , orthopaedic , hepatic , vascular , and neurosurgery procedures , but most of the data on the use of such drugs have accrued from cardiac surgery .
such agents have been used effectively in patients undergoing dental , orthopaedic , hepatic , vascular , and neurosurgery procedures , but most of the data on the use of such drugs have [gathered/gained] from cardiac surgery .

Losses had also accrued from discounts and subsidies to private and public banks , and from exchange rate speculation .
losses had also [gathered/gained] from discounts and subsidies to private and public banks , and from exchange rate speculation .

Tories opposed the new credit system set up in the 1690s not because they objected to this type of economic enterprise , but because the benefits to be accrued from it largely passed them by .
tories opposed the new credit system set up in the 1690s not because they objected to this type of economic enterprise , but because the benefits to be [gathered/gained] from it largely passed them by .

Full provision will be made for accrued employee bonuses
full provision will be made for [gathered/gained] employee bonuses

King Sugar had accrued massive wealth in Europe which generated the scientific and technological innovations that lead to the industrial revolution .
king sugar had [gathered/gained] massive wealth in europe which generated the scientific and technological innovations that lead to the industrial revolution .

Envelopes accrued from the disbanded local self-help group of a charity , whilst a career conference foolscap pad serves as ‘ Minute Book ’ .
envelopes [gathered/gained] from the disbanded local self-help group of a charity , whilst a career conference foolscap pad serves as ‘ minute book ’ .

Two clear examples are capital gains that have accrued but have not yet been realized and production for home consumption .
two clear examples are capital gains that have [gathered/gained] but have not yet been realized and production for home consumption .

Second , there are those types of receipt that are intrinsically unobservable because they do not correspond to market transactions — such as capital gains that are accrued but not realized , and home production .
second , there are those types of receipt that are intrinsically unobservable because they do not correspond to market transactions — such as capital gains that are [gathered/gained] but not realized , and home production .

Tax is deducted from all interest payments at a ‘ composite rate ’ which rate is calculated to yield that amount of tax which would have accrued to the Exchequer had the standard rate been applied only to the interest received by those liable to pay tax .
tax is deducted from all interest payments at a ‘ composite rate ’ which rate is calculated to yield that amount of tax which would have [gathered/gained] to the exchequer had the standard rate been applied only to the interest received by those liable to pay tax .

( iv ) The provisions containing any restrictions on taking leave , and those relating to the calculation of pay during annual leave and on general or public holidays , are contained in the Scheme of Conditions of Service , as are any provisions relating to accrued holiday pay
( iv ) the provisions containing any restrictions on taking leave , and those relating to the calculation of pay during annual leave and on general or public holidays , are contained in the scheme of conditions of service , as are any provisions relating to [gathered/gained] holiday pay

15 ( 1 ) No action shall be brought by any person to recover any land after the expiration of twelve years from the date on which the right of action accrued to him or , if it first accrued to some person through whom he claims , to that person .
15 ( 1 ) no action shall be brought by any person to recover any land after the expiration of twelve years from the date on which the right of action [gathered/gained] to him or , if it first [gathered/gained] to some person through whom he claims , to that person .

29 ( 2 ) If the person in possession of the land … acknowledges the title of the person to whom the right of action has accrued — ( a ) the right shall be treated as having accrued on and not before the date of the acknowledgment …
29 ( 2 ) if the person in possession of the land … acknowledges the title of the person to whom the right of action has [gathered/gained] — ( a ) the right shall be treated as having [gathered/gained] on and not before the date of the acknowledgment …

1 Where the person bringing an action to recover land , or some person through whom he claims , has been in possession of the land , and has while entitled to the land been dispossessed or discontinued his possession , the right of action shall be treated as having accrued on the date of the dispossession or discontinuance .
1 where the person bringing an action to recover land , or some person through whom he claims , has been in possession of the land , and has while entitled to the land been dispossessed or discontinued his possession , the right of action shall be treated as having [gathered/gained] on the date of the dispossession or discontinuance .

( 2 ) Where a right of action to recover land has accrued and after its accrual , before the right is barred , the land ceases to be in adverse possession , the right of action shall no longer be treated as having accrued and no fresh right of action shall be treated as accruing unless and until the land is again taken into adverse possession …
( 2 ) where a right of action to recover land has [gathered/gained] and after its accrual , before the right is barred , the land ceases to be in adverse possession , the right of action shall no longer be treated as having [gathered/gained] and no fresh right of action shall be treated as accruing unless and until the land is again taken into adverse possession …

Since then much evidence has accrued that p53 is a tumour suppressor gene involved in a wide range of human malignancies .
since then much evidence has [gathered/gained] that p53 is a tumour suppressor gene involved in a wide range of human malignancies .

the first coupon payment , which consists of the interest accrued from the settlement date to the first payment date , .
the first coupon payment , which consists of the interest [gathered/gained] from the settlement date to the first payment date , .

The formula in ( 5.1 ) calculates the fair price on a coupon payment date , so that there is no accrued interest incorporated into the price .
the formula in ( 5.1 ) calculates the fair price on a coupon payment date , so that there is no [gathered/gained] interest incorporated into the price .

Accrued interest compensates the seller of the bond for giving up all of the next coupon payment even though he will have held the bond for part of the period since the last coupon payment .
[gathered/gained] interest compensates the seller of the bond for giving up all of the next coupon payment even though he will have held the bond for part of the period since the last coupon payment .

The price factors are calculated for the first day of the delivery month , and adjustments have to be made for accrued interest where the first day of the delivery month does not coincide with a coupon payment date .
the price factors are calculated for the first day of the delivery month , and adjustments have to be made for [gathered/gained] interest where the first day of the delivery month does not coincide with a coupon payment date .

Ignoring accrued interest , the price that a bond has to have to give a yield to maturity of 9 per cent is given by .
ignoring [gathered/gained] interest , the price that a bond has to have to give a yield to maturity of 9 per cent is given by .

The invoice amount also includes interest accrued from the previous coupon payment .
the invoice amount also includes interest [gathered/gained] from the previous coupon payment .

This arises because the futures contract is traded at a clean price and does not include accrued interest payments .
this arises because the futures contract is traded at a clean price and does not include [gathered/gained] interest payments .

However , gilts trade at a clean price but have accrued interest added on .
however , gilts trade at a clean price but have [gathered/gained] interest added on .

Because the futures price is quoted clean , accrued interest has to be added to get the implied dirty price on 30 June .
because the futures price is quoted clean , [gathered/gained] interest has to be added to get the implied dirty price on 30 june .

The only slight modification to the above formulation is that , if a bond is declared ex dividend between 1 April and 30 June , the interest accrued is negative during the ex dividend period .
the only slight modification to the above formulation is that , if a bond is declared ex dividend between 1 april and 30 june , the interest [gathered/gained] is negative during the ex dividend period .

The sovereign 's power to debase the currency has passed to the commercial banks and so has the seigniorage which once accrued to the state .
the sovereign 's power to debase the currency has passed to the commercial banks and so has the seigniorage which once [gathered/gained] to the state .

As to whether the defendant 's claim was barred by section 10 of the Limitation Act 1980 , the defendant 's right to claim contribution accrued on the date when the plaintiff was given judgment : 6 February 1986 .
as to whether the defendant 's claim was barred by section 10 of the limitation act 1980 , the defendant 's right to claim contribution [gathered/gained] on the date when the plaintiff was given judgment : 6 february 1986 .

For the first time , the level of proceeds from council house sales accrued by each local authority has been taken into account in deciding the distribution of this year 's £1,784 million of borrowing permissions and capital grants .
for the first time , the level of proceeds from council house sales [gathered/gained] by each local authority has been taken into account in deciding the distribution of this year 's £1,784 million of borrowing permissions and capital grants .

Whether , or what , compensation accrued would be determined by impartial tribunals , judicial and expert .
whether , or what , compensation [gathered/gained] would be determined by impartial tribunals , judicial and expert .

The benefits that had accrued from training were many and varied and were , perhaps , the best advertisement for the Board 's work .
the benefits that had [gathered/gained] from training were many and varied and were , perhaps , the best advertisement for the board 's work .

Gedge conceded the point in a humorous letter to Dave Fielding , admitted that he could lay claim to a proportion of the royalties accrued by the song .
gedge conceded the point in a humorous letter to dave fielding , admitted that he could lay claim to a proportion of the royalties [gathered/gained] by the song .

The financial plan showed the investment impact on sales , profit and return on investment per year over the next ten years , while the financing plan described how the investment was to be financed : namely , from borrowings in the early years until the plan became self-financing from funds accrued from current operations , in year four .
the financial plan showed the investment impact on sales , profit and return on investment per year over the next ten years , while the financing plan described how the investment was to be financed : namely , from borrowings in the early years until the plan became self-financing from funds [gathered/gained] from current operations , in year four .

Although points were accrued only from staged ‘ specials ’ — and not from the mind and backside-numbing slogs in between — neither mode was immune from punctures , broken suspension arms or getting lost while the conditions took their toll on the spirit and sprocket alike , tempers fraying as frequently as fan-belts .
although points were [gathered/gained] only from staged ‘ specials ’ — and not from the mind and backside-numbing slogs in between — neither mode was immune from punctures , broken suspension arms or getting lost while the conditions took their toll on the spirit and sprocket alike , tempers fraying as frequently as fan-belts .

In any technical comment you make , please remember that a former editor made a passionate technical plea for the retention of 405 lines but failed to realise the commercial advantages which had then already accrued in the 625 line camp .
in any technical comment you make , please remember that a former editor made a passionate technical plea for the retention of 405 lines but failed to realise the commercial advantages which had then already [gathered/gained] in the 625 line camp .

Thus the absence does not reduce accrued rights to redundancy pay or to notice entitlement .
thus the absence does not reduce [gathered/gained] rights to redundancy pay or to notice entitlement .

How much you get depends on how long you have worked for the employer and the accrued rate at which the pension builds up .
how much you get depends on how long you have worked for the employer and the [gathered/gained] rate at which the pension builds up .

This remains an unanswered question until such organisms are released and monitored but it does require a cautious and controlled approach if lessons are to be learnt from the often detrimental effects that have accrued from the introduction of organisms into non-indigenous environments as biological controls or as inadvertent introductions .
this remains an unanswered question until such organisms are released and monitored but it does require a cautious and controlled approach if lessons are to be learnt from the often detrimental effects that have [gathered/gained] from the introduction of organisms into non-indigenous environments as biological controls or as inadvertent introductions .

He said , ‘ Sickness has given me this fortune that this sultan has come to my side , at morn so health and well being have accrued to me from the arrival of this King without retinue .
he said , ‘ sickness has given me this fortune that this sultan has come to my side , at morn so health and well being have [gathered/gained] to me from the arrival of this king without retinue .

The Muslims tried to purify the Islamic practice of the Hindu rituals which had accrued over the years .
the muslims tried to purify the islamic practice of the hindu rituals which had [gathered/gained] over the years .

The funds are part of about $ 2.75 million in interest that accrued in several state cases brought on behalf of consumers .
the funds are part of about $ 2.75 million in interest that [gathered/gained] in several state cases brought on behalf of consumers .

The portion of this present value not provided for at a valuation date by the present value of future normal cost is called the actuarial accrued liability .
the portion of this present value not provided for at a valuation date by the present value of future normal cost is called the actuarial [gathered/gained] liability .

The statute directed the Administrator of GSA to issue guidelines to ensure that agencies promote , encourage , and facilitate the use of frequent traveler programs offered by airlines , hotels , and car rental vendors by federal employees who engage in official travel.3 This act specifically provides that any awards granted under such a frequent traveler program accrued through official travel shall be used only for official travel.4 GSA has incorporated these policies into the Federal Property Management Regulations5 and the Federal Travel Regulation,6 applicable to most federal civilian employees .
the statute directed the administrator of gsa to issue guidelines to ensure that agencies promote , encourage , and facilitate the use of frequent traveler programs offered by airlines , hotels , and car rental vendors by federal employees who engage in official travel.3 this act specifically provides that any awards granted under such a frequent traveler program [gathered/gained] through official travel shall be used only for official travel.4 gsa has incorporated these policies into the federal property management regulations5 and the federal travel regulation,6 applicable to most federal civilian employees .

Section 6008 also provides that any awards granted under such a frequent traveler program accrued through official travel shall be used only for official travel .
section 6008 also provides that any awards granted under such a frequent traveler program [gathered/gained] through official travel shall be used only for official travel .

More specifically , it is based on the accrued cost of the major functions and their cost elasticities with respect to volume .
more specifically , it is based on the [gathered/gained] cost of the major functions and their cost elasticities with respect to volume .

The U.S. cost elasticities in Table 1 , when applied to the accrued costs of each function , determine the coefficients in the cost function , which in turn generate the unique shape of the unit cost function ( Figure 1 ) .
the u.s. cost elasticities in table 1 , when applied to the [gathered/gained] costs of each function , determine the coefficients in the cost function , which in turn generate the unique shape of the unit cost function ( figure 1 ) .

To put this figure in perspective , the total accrued expenditures for the Postal Service in 1989 were $ 39 billion.32 Table 5 shows that , using the average labor cost for all bargaining employees , the profit drops to $ 283 million .
to put this figure in perspective , the total [gathered/gained] expenditures for the postal service in 1989 were $ 39 billion.32 table 5 shows that , using the average labor cost for all bargaining employees , the profit drops to $ 283 million .

Another quarter billion plus dollars of the total amount sought was earmarked to pay down operating debt accrued in past years .
another quarter billion plus dollars of the total amount sought was earmarked to pay down operating debt [gathered/gained] in past years .

The evidence for natural selection as the guiding force for the evolution of species has been accrued over the past 100 years and is compelling .
the evidence for natural selection as the guiding force for the evolution of species has been [gathered/gained] over the past 100 years and is compelling .

The cover editorial assesses Japan 's current recession , which has so far been mitigated by the country 's great accrued wealth .
the cover editorial assesses japan 's current recession , which has so far been mitigated by the country 's great [gathered/gained] wealth .

This took some doing , because the Anthology was in effect a bootleg -- the original recordings had been imperfectly documented if at all , the artists were paid small flat fees and sent in most cases back to obscurity , but the copyrights had accrued to large publishing consortiums .
this took some doing , because the anthology was in effect a bootleg -- the original recordings had been imperfectly documented if at all , the artists were paid small flat fees and sent in most cases back to obscurity , but the copyrights had [gathered/gained] to large publishing consortiums .

The estate is asking for $ 210 million , counting accrued interest .
the estate is asking for $ 210 million , counting [gathered/gained] interest .

