or Rosburg , whose accurate short game and supersensitive putter can overcome so many of Augusta's treacheries ; ;
or rosburg , whose [correct/right] short game and supersensitive putter can overcome so many of augusta's treacheries ; ;

Actually it would be more accurate to say that the leader of the alliance now has swung fully behind the British policy of seeking to achieve a neutral Laos via the international bargaining table .
actually it would be more [correct/right] to say that the leader of the alliance now has swung fully behind the british policy of seeking to achieve a neutral laos via the international bargaining table .

President Kennedy's latest warning to the Communist world that the United States will build up its military strength to meet any challenge in Berlin or elsewhere was , somewhat surprisingly , reported in full text or fairly accurate excerpts behind the Iron Curtain .
president kennedy's latest warning to the communist world that the united states will build up its military strength to meet any challenge in berlin or elsewhere was , somewhat surprisingly , reported in full text or fairly [correct/right] excerpts behind the iron curtain .

The new column by Maurice Stans regarding business scandals , is fair and accurate in most respects and his solution to the problem has some merit .
the new column by maurice stans regarding business scandals , is fair and [correct/right] in most respects and his solution to the problem has some merit .

Instead -- and not just to prove my objectivity -- I hasten to report that it's a highly amusing film which probably does a fairly accurate job of reporting on the Easter vacation shenanigans of collegians down in Fort Lauderdale , and that it seems to come to grips quite honestly with the moral problem that most commonly vexes youngsters in this age group -- that is to say , sex .
instead -- and not just to prove my objectivity -- i hasten to report that it's a highly amusing film which probably does a fairly [correct/right] job of reporting on the easter vacation shenanigans of collegians down in fort lauderdale , and that it seems to come to grips quite honestly with the moral problem that most commonly vexes youngsters in this age group -- that is to say , sex .

`` How The Kooks Crumble '' features an amusingly accurate take-off on sneaky announcers who attempt to homogenize radio-TV commercials , and `` The Watchers Of The Night '' is a veritable waking nightmare .
`` how the kooks crumble '' features an amusingly [correct/right] take-off on sneaky announcers who attempt to homogenize radio-tv commercials , and `` the watchers of the night '' is a veritable waking nightmare .

Tire size can be determined in several ways but the one that is the easiest and as accurate as any is by measuring the effective radius of a wheel and tire assembly .
tire size can be determined in several ways but the one that is the easiest and as [correct/right] as any is by measuring the effective radius of a wheel and tire assembly .

It's extremely accurate for an auto , and the test rifle I tried was completely trouble-free in functioning .
it's extremely [correct/right] for an auto , and the test rifle i tried was completely trouble-free in functioning .

We know now that a 15-degree differential in temperature is the maximum usually desirable , and accurate controls assure the comfort we want .
we know now that a 15-degree differential in temperature is the maximum usually desirable , and [correct/right] controls assure the comfort we want .

The American firearms and ammunition manufacturers through diligent research and technical development have replaced the muzzle loader and slow-firing single-shot arms with modern fast firing auto-loaders , extremely accurate bolt , lever , and slide action firearms .
the american firearms and ammunition manufacturers through diligent research and technical development have replaced the muzzle loader and slow-firing single-shot arms with modern fast firing auto-loaders , extremely [correct/right] bolt , lever , and slide action firearms .

You are conscientious , hard working , honest , accurate , a good penman , and a stickler for a job well done , with no loose ends .
you are conscientious , hard working , honest , [correct/right] , a good penman , and a stickler for a job well done , with no loose ends .

Conversely , if he gives a heavy rating to his own reading , and finds more accurate facts in it than in the others , a point is chalked up for the intrinsic , objective meaningfulness of this type of mediumistic material .
conversely , if he gives a heavy rating to his own reading , and finds more [correct/right] facts in it than in the others , a point is chalked up for the intrinsic , objective meaningfulness of this type of mediumistic material .

Not enough to do away with all doubts , but sufficient to give a fairly accurate picture of the events of the voyage .
not enough to do away with all doubts , but sufficient to give a fairly [correct/right] picture of the events of the voyage .

God knows what the African nations , who hold 25 per cent of the voting stock in the U.N. were thinking -- they may , for example , have been thinking of the U.S. abstention when the vote on Algerian freedom was before the Assembly -- but I think I have a fairly accurate notion of what the Negroes in the gallery were thinking .
god knows what the african nations , who hold 25 per cent of the voting stock in the u.n. were thinking -- they may , for example , have been thinking of the u.s. abstention when the vote on algerian freedom was before the assembly -- but i think i have a fairly [correct/right] notion of what the negroes in the gallery were thinking .

But even for them it remains a museum , or perhaps it would be more accurate to say a tomb , a tomb in which Persia lies well preserved but indeed dead .
but even for them it remains a museum , or perhaps it would be more [correct/right] to say a tomb , a tomb in which persia lies well preserved but indeed dead .

Even if the self portrait we distribute for popular consumption were accurate it would be dangerous to present it as a picture of the ideal society .
even if the self portrait we distribute for popular consumption were [correct/right] it would be dangerous to present it as a picture of the ideal society .

These remarkable ships and weapons , ranging the oceans , will be capable of accurate fire on targets virtually anywhere on earth .
these remarkable ships and weapons , ranging the oceans , will be capable of [correct/right] fire on targets virtually anywhere on earth .

for navigation aids to give accurate bearings to ships and aircraft ; ;
for navigation aids to give [correct/right] bearings to ships and aircraft ; ;

Students develop occupational images -- not always accurate or detailed -- and they try to fit their values to the presumed characteristics of the imagined occupation .
students develop occupational images -- not always [correct/right] or detailed -- and they try to fit their values to the presumed characteristics of the imagined occupation .

Adams depended largely on the dispatches of foreign ambassadors and observers in England , claiming that the reports of such agents had to be accurate because there were no newspapers .
adams depended largely on the dispatches of foreign ambassadors and observers in england , claiming that the reports of such agents had to be [correct/right] because there were no newspapers .

Milton was required to absorb and display an intensive and accurate knowledge of Latin grammar , logic-rhetoric , ethics , physics or natural philosophy , metaphysics , and Latin , Greek , and Hebrew .
milton was required to absorb and display an intensive and [correct/right] knowledge of latin grammar , logic-rhetoric , ethics , physics or natural philosophy , metaphysics , and latin , greek , and hebrew .

Only rarely is attention given to accurate progress reports and evaluation .
only rarely is attention given to [correct/right] progress reports and evaluation .

Since accurate base maps are necessary for any planning program , the first step taken by the planning division to implement the long-range state plan has been to prepare two series of base maps -- one at a scale of 1 inch to a mile , and the second a series of 26 sheets at a scale of 1 inch to 2000 feet , covering the entire state .
since [correct/right] base maps are necessary for any planning program , the first step taken by the planning division to implement the long-range state plan has been to prepare two series of base maps -- one at a scale of 1 inch to a mile , and the second a series of 26 sheets at a scale of 1 inch to 2000 feet , covering the entire state .

Perhaps the outstanding standard bearer of Mr. Brown's tradition for accuracy was Mr. Oscar J. Beale , whose mechanical genius closely paralleled that of Mr. Brown , and whose particular forte was the development of the exceedingly accurate measuring machinery that enabled Brown & Sharpe to manufacture gages , and therefore its products , with an accuracy exceeding anything then available elsewhere in the world .
perhaps the outstanding standard bearer of mr. brown's tradition for accuracy was mr. oscar j. beale , whose mechanical genius closely paralleled that of mr. brown , and whose particular forte was the development of the exceedingly [correct/right] measuring machinery that enabled brown & sharpe to manufacture gages , and therefore its products , with an accuracy exceeding anything then available elsewhere in the world .

When sufficiently accurate and complete measurements are available , it will be possible to set limits on the thermal and electrical characteristics of the surface and subsurface materials of the moon .
when sufficiently [correct/right] and complete measurements are available , it will be possible to set limits on the thermal and electrical characteristics of the surface and subsurface materials of the moon .

The heat losses of the holder were to be reduced as far as possible and they should be such that an accurate heat balance can be made .
the heat losses of the holder were to be reduced as far as possible and they should be such that an [correct/right] heat balance can be made .

Though there is obviously nothing new about these techniques , they do challenge the worker's skill to articulate them precisely on the spot and on the basis of quick and accurate diagnostic assessments .
though there is obviously nothing new about these techniques , they do challenge the worker's skill to articulate them precisely on the spot and on the basis of quick and [correct/right] diagnostic assessments .

This behavior is more `` veridical '' -- or true -- than other testing behavior for some types of evaluation , and so can give quick and accurate estimates of complex functioning .
this behavior is more `` veridical '' -- or true -- than other testing behavior for some types of evaluation , and so can give quick and [correct/right] estimates of complex functioning .

I realized , now , that she had been showing me , in what impressed me as being a very accurate way , something her mother had once said to her ; ;
i realized , now , that she had been showing me , in what impressed me as being a very [correct/right] way , something her mother had once said to her ; ;

Words or phrases that connoisseurs have admired as handsome or ironic or humorous must therefore lose merit and become regarded as mere inevitable time-servers , sometimes accurate and sometimes not .
words or phrases that connoisseurs have admired as handsome or ironic or humorous must therefore lose merit and become regarded as mere inevitable time-servers , sometimes [correct/right] and sometimes not .

A long evolution in an oral tradition caused the poetic language of the heroic age to be based upon formulas that show the important qualities of things , and these formulas are therefore potentially rather than always actually accurate .
a long evolution in an oral tradition caused the poetic language of the heroic age to be based upon formulas that show the important qualities of things , and these formulas are therefore potentially rather than always actually [correct/right] .

An electrostatic system suffers generally from image plane curvature leading to defocusing in the peripheral image region if a flat viewing screen ( or interstage coupler ) is utilized , while a magnetic system requires accurate adjustment of the solenoid , which is heavy and bulky .
an electrostatic system suffers generally from image plane curvature leading to defocusing in the peripheral image region if a flat viewing screen ( or interstage coupler ) is utilized , while a magnetic system requires [correct/right] adjustment of the solenoid , which is heavy and bulky .

He drew toward the composite design from his meticulously accurate memory , without need to consult his sketches .
he drew toward the composite design from his meticulously [correct/right] memory , without need to consult his sketches .

I even ferreted out the materials from which shields were made -- linden wood covered with leather -- so I'd get the light reflections accurate .
i even ferreted out the materials from which shields were made -- linden wood covered with leather -- so i'd get the light reflections [correct/right] .

Phil spun around and made an accurate throw into Mike Deegan's hands on third base .
phil spun around and made an [correct/right] throw into mike deegan's hands on third base .

There are about 200 at risk rhesus babies each year and when it comes to treating them , ultra sound scanners have made the difference , making it much easier to carry out accurate safe transfusions .
there are about 200 at risk rhesus babies each year and when it comes to treating them , ultra sound scanners have made the difference , making it much easier to carry out [correct/right] safe transfusions .

Even in a stream of traffic the laser beam can isolate the offending vehicles with an accurate read out of speed and range .
even in a stream of traffic the laser beam can isolate the offending vehicles with an [correct/right] read out of speed and range .

He says that they sample for dozens of chemicals — the Severn supplies drinking water so they have to be accurate .
he says that they sample for dozens of chemicals — the severn supplies drinking water so they have to be [correct/right] .

she says , Some of the lines in the play are very accurate .
she says , some of the lines in the play are very [correct/right] .

It was an accurate portrait of her when she was younger .
it was an [correct/right] portrait of her when she was younger .

The most accurate way to assess an individual 's temperament is by observing his expressions and behaviour . Some of the most significant clues at first glance are :
the most [correct/right] way to assess an individual 's temperament is by observing his expressions and behaviour . some of the most significant clues at first glance are :

No , not accurate we do n't know the size of the windows and curtains do we ?
no , not [correct/right] we do n't know the size of the windows and curtains do we ?

more accurate
more [correct/right]

This is not , this is not one hundred percent accurate .
this is not , this is not one hundred percent [correct/right] .

So we may want to do an , you know , an accurate revival .
so we may want to do an , you know , an [correct/right] revival .

We talked to them also about maybe doing an accurate size for size Caslon .
we talked to them also about maybe doing an [correct/right] size for size caslon .

From a free kick on the right , Chris Williams sent over the accurate ball for Steve Hodges to meet unchallenged and score at the far corner with his head .
from a free kick on the right , chris williams sent over the [correct/right] ball for steve hodges to meet unchallenged and score at the far corner with his head .

states , they 've got to be accurate , they 've got to be at least half a mile apart
states , they 've got to be [correct/right] , they 've got to be at least half a mile apart

they 're really accurate
they 're really [correct/right]

This is perfectly good scale so it 's accurate , yeah
this is perfectly good scale so it 's [correct/right] , yeah

for the accurate .
for the [correct/right] .

And then this went down the barrel and you know , hit whatever it wanted to hit and each shot cost a thousand pounds ! In setting each one of them , to get it all ready cost a thousand pounds ! But they they , that was n't accurate because it has to go up , to have fifteen kilometres a second .
and then this went down the barrel and you know , hit whatever it wanted to hit and each shot cost a thousand pounds ! in setting each one of them , to get it all ready cost a thousand pounds ! but they they , that was n't [correct/right] because it has to go up , to have fifteen kilometres a second .

He added that to be accurate , the aircraft would have to risk coming under fire .
he added that to be [correct/right] , the aircraft would have to risk coming under fire .

‘ The trouble is , our records are n't very accurate .
‘ the trouble is , our records are n't very [correct/right] .

Responsibility for accurate submission rests with businesses themselves and , as an indication of how important the data is viewed by Customs , criminal penalties are in place for non-compliance .
responsibility for [correct/right] submission rests with businesses themselves and , as an indication of how important the data is viewed by customs , criminal penalties are in place for non-compliance .

’ Inaccurate : his use of the word handful is speculative and is hardly an accurate or appropriate unit of measurement in references of this kind , as he can not possibly know how many solicitors are dedicated property specialists .
’ inaccurate : his use of the word handful is speculative and is hardly an [correct/right] or appropriate unit of measurement in references of this kind , as he can not possibly know how many solicitors are dedicated property specialists .

Farmers would have to be 100 per cent accurate in the identification system to avoid losing out on premium payments .
farmers would have to be 100 per cent [correct/right] in the identification system to avoid losing out on premium payments .

In Darlington 's Milton Street , the chairman of the local Liberal Democrats pointed to an example of a street where the variety of houses meant valuers would be hard pressed to give accurate prices .
in darlington 's milton street , the chairman of the local liberal democrats pointed to an example of a street where the variety of houses meant valuers would be hard pressed to give [correct/right] prices .

He said if a valuer were to get accurate valuations on all the properties in Milton Street it would take more than one day .
he said if a valuer were to get [correct/right] valuations on all the properties in milton street it would take more than one day .

The biggest and most comprehensive opinion poll taken during the entire general election campaign almost certainly provides the most accurate snapshot of voting intentions .
the biggest and most comprehensive opinion poll taken during the entire general election campaign almost certainly provides the most [correct/right] snapshot of voting intentions .

Pinpointing the genes involved would , Prof Brock said , open up ‘ the opportunity for more accurate and supportive genetic counselling to would-be parents and the prospects of gene therapy in the future ’ .
pinpointing the genes involved would , prof brock said , open up ‘ the opportunity for more [correct/right] and supportive genetic counselling to would-be parents and the prospects of gene therapy in the future ’ .

It is no less accurate than Lord Taylor 's evocation of the ‘ penologists , criminologists and bureaucrats ’ who evidently conspire to hand villains the poor box .
it is no less [correct/right] than lord taylor 's evocation of the ‘ penologists , criminologists and bureaucrats ’ who evidently conspire to hand villains the poor box .

The finish was as accurate as the rest of the Belgians ' efforts had been wayward and suddenly the numerical disadvantage Rangers were working under threatened to be a severe handicap .
the finish was as [correct/right] as the rest of the belgians ' efforts had been wayward and suddenly the numerical disadvantage rangers were working under threatened to be a severe handicap .

As the Scots returned to their hotel to shower , have breakfast , pack , then make the tortuous/scenic ( delete depending on your viewpoint ) four hour bus trip to Nadi — on a vehicle bearing the legend ‘ Adventure and Endless Holidays , ’ partially accurate , one suspects — a familiar figure ambled into the foyer .
as the scots returned to their hotel to shower , have breakfast , pack , then make the tortuous/scenic ( delete depending on your viewpoint ) four hour bus trip to nadi — on a vehicle bearing the legend ‘ adventure and endless holidays , ’ partially [correct/right] , one suspects — a familiar figure ambled into the foyer .

’ McLean 's summation was nothing if not accurate .
’ mclean 's summation was nothing if not [correct/right] .

Tomorrow night , Ferguson will get the chance against Germany to prove that Hateley is as accurate in his judgement as he is in front of goal .
tomorrow night , ferguson will get the chance against germany to prove that hateley is as [correct/right] in his judgement as he is in front of goal .

Dr James said he was fed up with waiting lists being used to judge the authority 's performance as they are not an accurate indication .
dr james said he was fed up with waiting lists being used to judge the authority 's performance as they are not an [correct/right] indication .

They mark the 300th anniversary of the birth of John Harrison , the first English clockmaker to make an accurate marine chronometer .
they mark the 300th anniversary of the birth of john harrison , the first english clockmaker to make an [correct/right] marine chronometer .

An actor may portray a cabinet minister making a speech , or talking with his mouth full , and a merely technically accurate imitation of reality will suffice .
an actor may portray a cabinet minister making a speech , or talking with his mouth full , and a merely technically [correct/right] imitation of reality will suffice .

Mike Hall does not excite superlatives , but he is a good , accurate tackler and , they reckon in Cardiff , not without a measure of penetration when coming off his left foot .
mike hall does not excite superlatives , but he is a good , [correct/right] tackler and , they reckon in cardiff , not without a measure of penetration when coming off his left foot .

Against the Welsh , Chalmers , who had struggled all last week to overcome shin and thigh knocks , answered his critics in no uncertain manner with some jinking running , especially on the narrow side , and accurate kicking in the gusting wind .
against the welsh , chalmers , who had struggled all last week to overcome shin and thigh knocks , answered his critics in no uncertain manner with some jinking running , especially on the narrow side , and [correct/right] kicking in the gusting wind .

We should be able to see the files held on us by public authorities — to check that they are accurate and fair .
we should be able to see the files held on us by public authorities — to check that they are [correct/right] and fair .

Jack Gardner , director of the management and information system unit at the college , says : ‘ We needed a faster and more accurate registration method and this works exceptionally well .
jack gardner , director of the management and information system unit at the college , says : ‘ we needed a faster and more [correct/right] registration method and this works exceptionally well .

This has a certain ring to it , but apparently it is not entirely accurate .
this has a certain ring to it , but apparently it is not entirely [correct/right] .

Certainly said the pollsters , suggesting that to gain an accurate sample 299,014 York voters would need to be interviewed .
certainly said the pollsters , suggesting that to gain an [correct/right] sample 299,014 york voters would need to be interviewed .

In young Rosemary Joshua ( who so distinguished herself recently in Princess Ida ) this production finds a capital Norina , sprightly , stylish and with an exceptional command of coloratura , dead accurate , expressive and always easy on the ear .
in young rosemary joshua ( who so distinguished herself recently in princess ida ) this production finds a capital norina , sprightly , stylish and with an exceptional command of coloratura , dead [correct/right] , expressive and always easy on the ear .

Its administrators say the programme will provide accurate and up-to-date information on issues related to teenage sexuality .
its administrators say the programme will provide [correct/right] and up-to-date information on issues related to teenage sexuality .

He described it as ‘ neither accurate nor fair ’ and has produced telling statistics to refute the allegation .
he described it as ‘ neither [correct/right] nor fair ’ and has produced telling statistics to refute the allegation .

‘ It can take two to three years before an agent is in a position to provide accurate intelligence on ops and the movements of his colleagues , bombs and weapons . ’
‘ it can take two to three years before an agent is in a position to provide [correct/right] intelligence on ops and the movements of his colleagues , bombs and weapons . ’

The experienced Wall , an accurate seam bowler , comes in for only his second league game of the season after suffering a back injury .
the experienced wall , an [correct/right] seam bowler , comes in for only his second league game of the season after suffering a back injury .

The Judge held the air of someone very world-weary , and this was accurate to some extent , as he had just re-read the case notes , and sensed today was going to be another long day .
the judge held the air of someone very world-weary , and this was [correct/right] to some extent , as he had just re-read the case notes , and sensed today was going to be another long day .

It was important to present an accurate annual review of visitors from the three groups and where they had been .
it was important to present an [correct/right] annual review of visitors from the three groups and where they had been .

This ‘ de-focussing ’ therefore helps to reveal any real patterns although , of course , it would have been unacceptable in the original table , the function of which was to.provide an accurate record .
this ‘ de-focussing ’ therefore helps to reveal any real patterns although , of course , it would have been unacceptable in the original table , the function of which was to.provide an [correct/right] record .

For instance , on the basis of last year 's births , we can make a fairly accurate assessment of the number of first-year secondary school places required in 11 or 12 years ' time , because this depends mainly on fairly stable child mortality patterns .
for instance , on the basis of last year 's births , we can make a fairly [correct/right] assessment of the number of first-year secondary school places required in 11 or 12 years ' time , because this depends mainly on fairly stable child mortality patterns .

Over the years , portable devices of greater and greater sophistication have been devised to facilitate easy and accurate recording of information at the point of collection .
over the years , portable devices of greater and greater sophistication have been devised to facilitate easy and [correct/right] recording of information at the point of collection .

The desirable goals of accurate reading of handwriting or indeed recognition of spoken words have almost been achieved .
the desirable goals of [correct/right] reading of handwriting or indeed recognition of spoken words have almost been achieved .

It must be remembered that computers are usually accurate to only six or seven decimal figures ( whereas the average desk calculator can work to ten- or eleven-place accuracy ) .
it must be remembered that computers are usually [correct/right] to only six or seven decimal figures ( whereas the average desk calculator can work to ten- or eleven-place accuracy ) .

sampling is usually accurate , e.g. every tenth patient
sampling is usually [correct/right] , e.g. every tenth patient

Estimates can be quite accurate once two days in advance are concerned .
estimates can be quite [correct/right] once two days in advance are concerned .

As capital is a scarce resource , it is important that information on a company gives a fair and accurate view of its prospects , such that resources ( capital ) are allocated efficiently .
as capital is a scarce resource , it is important that information on a company gives a fair and [correct/right] view of its prospects , such that resources ( capital ) are allocated efficiently .

An active secondary market in which shareholders who have access to information about the company and are able to deal freely , will lead to share prices accurately reflecting the companies prospects and in turn the accurate pricing of new issues .
an active secondary market in which shareholders who have access to information about the company and are able to deal freely , will lead to share prices accurately reflecting the companies prospects and in turn the [correct/right] pricing of new issues .

Core holdings in large blue-chip companies that are infrequently traded provide them with a solid investor base and reduces share price volatility , whilst active trading and analysis of smaller company shares adds to the liquidity and marketability of these securities , and ensures accurate pricing .
core holdings in large blue-chip companies that are infrequently traded provide them with a solid investor base and reduces share price volatility , whilst active trading and analysis of smaller company shares adds to the liquidity and marketability of these securities , and ensures [correct/right] pricing .

Hitherto he had only visualized her through Gabriel 's eyes , and he saw now that his little friend was not an accurate describer .
hitherto he had only visualized her through gabriel 's eyes , and he saw now that his little friend was not an [correct/right] describer .

When it came to how long Charlie would take to master the baking trade , Becky 's judgment proved accurate .
when it came to how long charlie would take to master the baking trade , becky 's judgment proved [correct/right] .

‘ Then you know my version of the events is the accurate one , ’ said Trentham , turning directly to face Charlie .
‘ then you know my version of the events is the [correct/right] one , ’ said trentham , turning directly to face charlie .

Thinking to the future , this will enable more accurate attributions to particular factories or regions as unmarked pieces are compared to the illustrated example .
thinking to the future , this will enable more [correct/right] attributions to particular factories or regions as unmarked pieces are compared to the illustrated example .

And left-arm paceman Mark Ilott grabbed 2–8 in 6.5 accurate overs .
and left-arm paceman mark ilott grabbed 2–8 in 6.5 [correct/right] overs .

‘ Such clauses succeed in frustrating the free flow of information so essential for accurate valuation at review . ’
‘ such clauses succeed in frustrating the free flow of information so essential for [correct/right] valuation at review . ’

So , even though the waiting lists in the North continue to decline from January 's 462 people waiting more than two years for treatment to just 207 in February they may not be an accurate reflection of the numbers waiting to see a consultant .
so , even though the waiting lists in the north continue to decline from january 's 462 people waiting more than two years for treatment to just 207 in february they may not be an [correct/right] reflection of the numbers waiting to see a consultant .

In Newcastle residents would have £32 knocked off their £349 bill if the Government assessment of spending had been more accurate .
in newcastle residents would have £32 knocked off their £349 bill if the government assessment of spending had been more [correct/right] .

Weather map ‘ not accurate ’
weather map ‘ not [correct/right] ’

After Nicky Mohan brought down Phil Gee , Mills took two paces forward and gave Stephen Pears no chance with an accurate ground shot just inside a post .
after nicky mohan brought down phil gee , mills took two paces forward and gave stephen pears no chance with an [correct/right] ground shot just inside a post .

It was Allen who all but put United two-up when he went flying through again only to be bodychecked … he was too quick for Bristol and penalty taker Jim Magilton was too accurate …
it was allen who all but put united two-up when he went flying through again only to be bodychecked … he was too quick for bristol and penalty taker jim magilton was too [correct/right] …

The Met Office says it should give them much more accurate information .
the met office says it should give them much more [correct/right] information .

He can convert half-chances , possesses great vision and is deadly accurate from frees .
he can convert half-chances , possesses great vision and is deadly [correct/right] from frees .

Quite remarkably accurate .
quite remarkably [correct/right] .

Taking your point that chemistry at university is a privileged subject in so far as that the equipment available is more sophisticated , more expense , more accurate , possibly , surely universities ought to be doing something to help kids in schools ?
taking your point that chemistry at university is a privileged subject in so far as that the equipment available is more sophisticated , more expense , more [correct/right] , possibly , surely universities ought to be doing something to help kids in schools ?

Dream away , dream away , let's hope your prediction is more accurate than your one on Saturday was which really was not too close was it ?
dream away , dream away , let's hope your prediction is more [correct/right] than your one on saturday was which really was not too close was it ?

They can do erm damage to a section of the network erm that does not bring about major destruction and with this accurate bombing that we 've been seeing this kind of operation is possible .
they can do erm damage to a section of the network erm that does not bring about major destruction and with this [correct/right] bombing that we 've been seeing this kind of operation is possible .

The names on the Warwickshire team sheet are changing , and Bob Cottam 's statement that it 'll take five years to get it right is looking accurate .
the names on the warwickshire team sheet are changing , and bob cottam 's statement that it 'll take five years to get it right is looking [correct/right] .

It should be noted , moreover , that the ability of the present Call-slip analysis exercise to determine the date of publication of a much greater proportion of items issued ( 97 % as opposed to 65 % on each of the two earlier occasions ) means that its results are much more accurate , and that the higher incidence of pre-1900 publications recorded by the earlier surveys probably can , therefore , be attributed , in large measure , not to any radically different pattern of reading at these times , but to the fact that the numerous undated call-slips occurring then almost certainly contained a high proportion which related to more modern publications .
it should be noted , moreover , that the ability of the present call-slip analysis exercise to determine the date of publication of a much greater proportion of items issued ( 97 % as opposed to 65 % on each of the two earlier occasions ) means that its results are much more [correct/right] , and that the higher incidence of pre-1900 publications recorded by the earlier surveys probably can , therefore , be attributed , in large measure , not to any radically different pattern of reading at these times , but to the fact that the numerous undated call-slips occurring then almost certainly contained a high proportion which related to more modern publications .

Adjectival endings spelt ‘ ate ’ ; strong pronunciation would have ‘ intimate ’ ‘ accurate ’ ‘ desolate ’ ( though there are exceptions to this : ‘ private ’ is usually )
adjectival endings spelt ‘ ate ’ ; strong pronunciation would have ‘ intimate ’ ‘ [correct/right] ’ ‘ desolate ’ ( though there are exceptions to this : ‘ private ’ is usually )

Lieberman and Michaels ( 1962 ) found that they could get reasonably accurate recognition of attitudes using short recording of sentences spoken in different ways , but that when the recordings were distorted in such a way that most acoustic information was removed ( e.g .
lieberman and michaels ( 1962 ) found that they could get reasonably [correct/right] recognition of attitudes using short recording of sentences spoken in different ways , but that when the recordings were distorted in such a way that most acoustic information was removed ( e.g .

Not only is it possible to get an accurate computer analysis of the fundamental frequency of speech ( which can be displayed on a screen for someone doing practice on intonation , or can be used in the study of the intonation of large samples of natural speech ) , but it is now possible to get a computer to produce a simple phonetic transcription of what is said to it .
not only is it possible to get an [correct/right] computer analysis of the fundamental frequency of speech ( which can be displayed on a screen for someone doing practice on intonation , or can be used in the study of the intonation of large samples of natural speech ) , but it is now possible to get a computer to produce a simple phonetic transcription of what is said to it .

It means we 're losing less money and this system also saves time and is more accurate .
it means we 're losing less money and this system also saves time and is more [correct/right] .

Those highly accurate perishable goods — such as salad items — that have always been most commonly wasted are now being targeted for special attention .
those highly [correct/right] perishable goods — such as salad items — that have always been most commonly wasted are now being targeted for special attention .

It will also use contactless smartcards to speed boarding and will provide accurate data for revenue allocation between operators .
it will also use contactless smartcards to speed boarding and will provide [correct/right] data for revenue allocation between operators .

‘ It has been found that sensors installed in the road give a more accurate reading of climatic conditions at road surface level .
‘ it has been found that sensors installed in the road give a more [correct/right] reading of climatic conditions at road surface level .

It hopes this will give it a more accurate picture of the actual casualty rate .
it hopes this will give it a more [correct/right] picture of the actual casualty rate .

At least in his judgment of French national psychology , Falkenhayn 's appreciation had been accurate .
at least in his judgment of french national psychology , falkenhayn 's appreciation had been [correct/right] .

On May 7th , German troops massing at Thiaumont for an attack were suddenly blanketed by accurate air-directed artillery fire , and noted bitterly that , virtually for the first time , their fighters were unable to drive away the French observation planes .
on may 7th , german troops massing at thiaumont for an attack were suddenly blanketed by [correct/right] air-directed artillery fire , and noted bitterly that , virtually for the first time , their fighters were unable to drive away the french observation planes .

Don and Steven made the most accurate estimates of how long it would take Courtaulds InterSpray , the Group 's entry in the race , to reach Rio de Janeiro from Southampton on the first leg .
don and steven made the most [correct/right] estimates of how long it would take courtaulds interspray , the group 's entry in the race , to reach rio de janeiro from southampton on the first leg .

We can conclude from the previous section that a change in national income ( even when adjusted for price and population increases ) can only be used as an indicator , and not an accurate measure , of a change in economic welfare .
we can conclude from the previous section that a change in national income ( even when adjusted for price and population increases ) can only be used as an indicator , and not an [correct/right] measure , of a change in economic welfare .

This last fact is made use of in achieving highly accurate potential-difference ratios .
this last fact is made use of in achieving highly [correct/right] potential-difference ratios .

In chapters 6 and 7 it has been established that accurate reduction in the amplitude of alternating potential difference or current can be achieved using a transformer .
in chapters 6 and 7 it has been established that [correct/right] reduction in the amplitude of alternating potential difference or current can be achieved using a transformer .

Priority number one was to develop an accurate quality control test for consistent and quantifiable measurement of contamination .
priority number one was to develop an [correct/right] quality control test for consistent and quantifiable measurement of contamination .

Were glad the guidance has finally arrived , however we feel it 's a pity it could not have been more accurate ’ .
were glad the guidance has finally arrived , however we feel it 's a pity it could not have been more [correct/right] ’ .

If the seller knows the number of companies who are competing for the order , their likely stances , the criteria used by the buying organisation when deciding between them , the degree of pressure on key members of the decision making unit , and any formula they might use for assessing price acceptability , an accurate assessment of the power balance should be possible .
if the seller knows the number of companies who are competing for the order , their likely stances , the criteria used by the buying organisation when deciding between them , the degree of pressure on key members of the decision making unit , and any formula they might use for assessing price acceptability , an [correct/right] assessment of the power balance should be possible .

Be it taking accurate telephone messages , preparing a quotation , or cooking a meal , quality management means it is done properly , all the time .
be it taking [correct/right] telephone messages , preparing a quotation , or cooking a meal , quality management means it is done properly , all the time .

Also , if a contractor is to carry out the work the more information we can supply to them the easier it is for them to provide an accurate tender .
also , if a contractor is to carry out the work the more information we can supply to them the easier it is for them to provide an [correct/right] tender .

The answers to these questions allow us to design and cost a detailed mains layout , which results in an accurate sum for the customer 's
the answers to these questions allow us to design and cost a detailed mains layout , which results in an [correct/right] sum for the customer 's

so these local experts , you ca n't believe what they say the only way really is to , the scriptures do n't they say give us an accurate er description of what 's
so these local experts , you ca n't believe what they say the only way really is to , the scriptures do n't they say give us an [correct/right] er description of what 's

Some are quite accurate .
some are quite [correct/right] .

Not a very accurate .
not a very [correct/right] .

Bearing in mind that a take up is always a much more accurate shot , specially for beginners .
bearing in mind that a take up is always a much more [correct/right] shot , specially for beginners .

Erm are there any comments or questions ? Those , those supporting that please show ? Against ? Erm now this present report is no longer necessary erm because paragraph three is now no longer accurate erm , because a change that took place in the General Assembly Executive Committee last the week before last . My feeling is that it would n't have when there 's a been a change perhaps there could be no from the
erm are there any comments or questions ? those , those supporting that please show ? against ? erm now this present report is no longer necessary erm because paragraph three is now no longer [correct/right] erm , because a change that took place in the general assembly executive committee last the week before last . my feeling is that it would n't have when there 's a been a change perhaps there could be no from the

While at this end of the neck the Grover adjustable machineheads are smooth , and although budget guitars are not exactly known for their tuning stability , this guitar is reassuringly accurate .
while at this end of the neck the grover adjustable machineheads are smooth , and although budget guitars are not exactly known for their tuning stability , this guitar is reassuringly [correct/right] .

There 's a premium of accurate driving here .
there 's a premium of [correct/right] driving here .

Apparently a physically accurate copy of bass playing 's Big Daddy .
apparently a physically [correct/right] copy of bass playing 's big daddy .

And no matter how accurate the notes are , if the rhythm is n't happening , yer stuffed !
and no matter how [correct/right] the notes are , if the rhythm is n't happening , yer stuffed !

Electric guitar spraying is carried out using robot spraying equipment ; this is the most accurate and paint-conserving method of finishing , and one which is prominent in the motor industry .
electric guitar spraying is carried out using robot spraying equipment ; this is the most [correct/right] and paint-conserving method of finishing , and one which is prominent in the motor industry .

Although not always accurate , old seed catalogues were always beautifully illustrated ( far right )
although not always [correct/right] , old seed catalogues were always beautifully illustrated ( far right )

Each pack includes a fish health leaflet , as well as a pipette for accurate dosing , and enough of the preparation to treat 5001 ( 110 gallons ) — equivalent to a tank 5′ × 2′ × 2′ .
each pack includes a fish health leaflet , as well as a pipette for [correct/right] dosing , and enough of the preparation to treat 5001 ( 110 gallons ) — equivalent to a tank 5′ × 2′ × 2′ .

Measure yourself before you eat or drink anything to get your most accurate reading .
measure yourself before you eat or drink anything to get your most [correct/right] reading .

The tape measure is a much more accurate way of assessing your progress .
the tape measure is a much more [correct/right] way of assessing your progress .

Always use the same set of scales and ideally place them on a piece of wood or chipboard for a more accurate reading .
always use the same set of scales and ideally place them on a piece of wood or chipboard for a more [correct/right] reading .

Boogie 's descriptions of the sounds are very accurate , too ; the ‘ British ’ settings really are very good indeed , and on occasion you could be forgiven for thinking you were indeed playing through a Bletchley-built stack .
boogie 's descriptions of the sounds are very [correct/right] , too ; the ‘ british ’ settings really are very good indeed , and on occasion you could be forgiven for thinking you were indeed playing through a bletchley-built stack .

Of course there are other rack-mounting tuners on the market which are probably just as accurate and reliable , but when it comes to professional credibility Peterson Strobe Tuners are still the thing to go for ; even voltage surges and variations in temperature wo n't upset them .
of course there are other rack-mounting tuners on the market which are probably just as [correct/right] and reliable , but when it comes to professional credibility peterson strobe tuners are still the thing to go for ; even voltage surges and variations in temperature wo n't upset them .

It is easy to produce accurate pulses at very high speed yet it is 1 second pulses which are needed .
it is easy to produce [correct/right] pulses at very high speed yet it is 1 second pulses which are needed .

It is possible to buy an accurate 0.1″ pitch grid printed like graph paper onto polyester film , which helps to gauge distances between terminals when designing the artwork .
it is possible to buy an [correct/right] 0.1″ pitch grid printed like graph paper onto polyester film , which helps to gauge distances between terminals when designing the artwork .

This may be one of the reasons why Gandhi has no difficulty in describing himself as an Advaitin or non-Dualist , though to what extent it is accurate to regard Gandhi as an Advaitin is another matter .
this may be one of the reasons why gandhi has no difficulty in describing himself as an advaitin or non-dualist , though to what extent it is [correct/right] to regard gandhi as an advaitin is another matter .

Later , however , he came to realize that it was more accurate for him to say Truth is God than it was to say God is Truth .
later , however , he came to realize that it was more [correct/right] for him to say truth is god than it was to say god is truth .

The statement ‘ Truth is God ’ , which Gandhi instinctively felt to be a more accurate expression of his basic position , is not inconsistent with his description of Truth as Being itself , as eternal , or with his reference to Truth as that which alone is , all else being momentary .
the statement ‘ truth is god ’ , which gandhi instinctively felt to be a more [correct/right] expression of his basic position , is not inconsistent with his description of truth as being itself , as eternal , or with his reference to truth as that which alone is , all else being momentary .

The principle of satyāgraha existed before the term was coined , and it was because Gandhi was dissatisfied with the phrase ‘ passive resistance ’ that he felt the need for a more suitable and more accurate term to designate and describe the principle he was propounding .
the principle of satyāgraha existed before the term was coined , and it was because gandhi was dissatisfied with the phrase ‘ passive resistance ’ that he felt the need for a more suitable and more [correct/right] term to designate and describe the principle he was propounding .

It would not be quite accurate to equate satyāgraha with either civil disobedience or non-cooperation although both are related to satyāgraha .
it would not be quite [correct/right] to equate satyāgraha with either civil disobedience or non-cooperation although both are related to satyāgraha .

It is doubtful whether Tillich 's analysis of the Buddhist concept of compassion is accurate .
it is doubtful whether tillich 's analysis of the buddhist concept of compassion is [correct/right] .

The Cabriolet 's perimeter binding strays and splutters around the lower cutaway , but apart from that is clean and accurate .
the cabriolet 's perimeter binding strays and splutters around the lower cutaway , but apart from that is clean and [correct/right] .

Dustin privately entertained his friends with a wickedly accurate imitation of superstar McQueen attempting to upstage little Dustin .
dustin privately entertained his friends with a wickedly [correct/right] imitation of superstar mcqueen attempting to upstage little dustin .

Conservative legal reforms form an accurate mapped-out policy , designed to make the rich richer , remove from society those who are not economically useful , and idealise law , order and the family .
conservative legal reforms form an [correct/right] mapped-out policy , designed to make the rich richer , remove from society those who are not economically useful , and idealise law , order and the family .

All the facts given were checked and were found to be completely accurate .
all the facts given were checked and were found to be completely [correct/right] .

Even if no one is around who can confirm a particular incident , if you are able to come up with details of surroundings and personalities of which you had no conscious memory , and if these are later proved to have been accurate , there is no real reason to suppose that a significant event was simply a figment of an over-active imagination .
even if no one is around who can confirm a particular incident , if you are able to come up with details of surroundings and personalities of which you had no conscious memory , and if these are later proved to have been [correct/right] , there is no real reason to suppose that a significant event was simply a figment of an over-active imagination .

‘ Knowing ’ is just as accurate as ‘ seeing ’ .
‘ knowing ’ is just as [correct/right] as ‘ seeing ’ .

The speechreader has obtained accurate information through ‘ yes ’ and ‘ no ’ answers to specific questions .
the speechreader has obtained [correct/right] information through ‘ yes ’ and ‘ no ’ answers to specific questions .

One for the very keep fishkeeper then , but a very efficient and accurate bit of kit when used properly .
one for the very keep fishkeeper then , but a very efficient and [correct/right] bit of kit when used properly .

Controls can be mechanical or touch-control — both are easy to use , but if you think you 'll need more accurate timing in seconds ( for softening butter , for instance ) choose a digital display .
controls can be mechanical or touch-control — both are easy to use , but if you think you 'll need more [correct/right] timing in seconds ( for softening butter , for instance ) choose a digital display .

Easy-to-apply formula with specially adapted nozzles for quick , accurate application .
easy-to-apply formula with specially adapted nozzles for quick , [correct/right] application .

She can , for example , remember a total of 130 numbers for fast , accurate dialling .
she can , for example , remember a total of 130 numbers for fast , [correct/right] dialling .

Once you have got the hang of it , you will find it much simpler , more accurate and more enjoyable to create p.c.b .
once you have got the hang of it , you will find it much simpler , more [correct/right] and more enjoyable to create p.c.b .

These are then innocently repeated and alas , the accurate circuits are forgotten , and yet it costs no more to be correct .
these are then innocently repeated and alas , the [correct/right] circuits are forgotten , and yet it costs no more to be correct .

‘ Yeah , that 's pretty accurate , ’ grins Robert .
‘ yeah , that 's pretty [correct/right] , ’ grins robert .

Nor are they fully explained — although less efficient digestion in general is probably a reasonably accurate explanation .
nor are they fully explained — although less efficient digestion in general is probably a reasonably [correct/right] explanation .

In the early part of the 19th century accurate maps of the British Isles were being produced by the Ordnance Survey .
in the early part of the 19th century [correct/right] maps of the british isles were being produced by the ordnance survey .

The value of accurate geological information was becoming apparent not only as a basis for research but as an aid in assessing the national mineral wealth and in formulating land utilisation policies .
the value of [correct/right] geological information was becoming apparent not only as a basis for research but as an aid in assessing the national mineral wealth and in formulating land utilisation policies .

In recent years some new points and meridians have been discovered , but it is remarkable how accurate the ancient Chinese acupuncturists were .
in recent years some new points and meridians have been discovered , but it is remarkable how [correct/right] the ancient chinese acupuncturists were .

We are told a fairly accurate and terrifying glimpse can be obtained of ‘ our ’ Public Enemies by examining the convicted and imprisoned population .
we are told a fairly [correct/right] and terrifying glimpse can be obtained of ‘ our ’ public enemies by examining the convicted and imprisoned population .

Earlier this year they released their awesome debut single ‘ This Accurate Pain ’ through Chocolate Narcotic ( a friend 's label ) and distributed it , largely , themselves .
earlier this year they released their awesome debut single ‘ this [correct/right] pain ’ through chocolate narcotic ( a friend 's label ) and distributed it , largely , themselves .

No detail was to be considered too trivial or unimportant ; from the attic to the cellar the house was to be a national treasure , an accurate record for children , adults , and future historians , and a monument in minute perfection of all that was best in British workmanship .
no detail was to be considered too trivial or unimportant ; from the attic to the cellar the house was to be a national treasure , an [correct/right] record for children , adults , and future historians , and a monument in minute perfection of all that was best in british workmanship .

Tablets are now much more accurate than before , and computers are more compact and powerful .
tablets are now much more [correct/right] than before , and computers are more compact and powerful .

Systems coping with cursive script are fewer and on the whole less accurate than their unconnected character counterparts because recognition of cursive script is much more difficult .
systems coping with cursive script are fewer and on the whole less [correct/right] than their unconnected character counterparts because recognition of cursive script is much more difficult .

In a word like pack for example , it is unlikely that a pattern recogniser , no matter how accurate , will be able to say if the correct sequence of letters is pack , paclc , or padc .
in a word like pack for example , it is unlikely that a pattern recogniser , no matter how [correct/right] , will be able to say if the correct sequence of letters is pack , paclc , or padc .

Another study ( Farag , 1979 ) used elastic matching with eight direction codes to establish accurate recognition , unfortunately for only ten cursively written key words .
another study ( farag , 1979 ) used elastic matching with eight direction codes to establish [correct/right] recognition , unfortunately for only ten cursively written key words .

It is hoped that this stems from the fact that the zonal code given per letter by the recogniser is not as accurate as some overall shape information would be , if it were obtained from the x , y coordinates of the script .
it is hoped that this stems from the fact that the zonal code given per letter by the recogniser is not as [correct/right] as some overall shape information would be , if it were obtained from the x , y coordinates of the script .

For example the pattern recogniser could make much better use of partial information , and more accurate information is needed from higher levels of analysis .
for example the pattern recogniser could make much better use of partial information , and more [correct/right] information is needed from higher levels of analysis .

‘ Our lists of jockeys are 98 % accurate .
‘ our lists of jockeys are 98 % [correct/right] .

‘ If they are not accurate , drivers can be lulled into a false sense of security .
‘ if they are not [correct/right] , drivers can be lulled into a false sense of security .

‘ And if they are accurate , a reading taken at the bar can go up when the alcohol gets into the bloodstream .
‘ and if they are [correct/right] , a reading taken at the bar can go up when the alcohol gets into the bloodstream .

As you know , it was uncannily accurate and she is by all accounts a crashing snob .
as you know , it was uncannily [correct/right] and she is by all accounts a crashing snob .

Accurate and pertinent information was prepared by Campbell , a professional rugby journalist , and made available to the same breed .
[correct/right] and pertinent information was prepared by campbell , a professional rugby journalist , and made available to the same breed .

This list is meant to be accurate at the time of writing .
this list is meant to be [correct/right] at the time of writing .

Above all , however accurate such weapons may turn out to be in practice , their yield in terms of blast and fall-out clearly marks them out from ‘ conventional ’ weapons and necessarily entails indiscriminate effects .
above all , however [correct/right] such weapons may turn out to be in practice , their yield in terms of blast and fall-out clearly marks them out from ‘ conventional ’ weapons and necessarily entails indiscriminate effects .

Although these are hardly the dominant features of international law at present , on this paradigm international law could control force by having courts to make decisions about conflicts of interest between states on the basis of authoritative rules and impartial and effective procedures for the accurate and fair application of these rules to specific circumstances .
although these are hardly the dominant features of international law at present , on this paradigm international law could control force by having courts to make decisions about conflicts of interest between states on the basis of authoritative rules and impartial and effective procedures for the [correct/right] and fair application of these rules to specific circumstances .

Thus , consideration should be given to the way in which policy goals may be effectively translated into political and legal reality , based on both a realistic perception of the obstacles that have to be overcome and an accurate assessment of the contribution which lawyers and litigation may make in promoting desirable social change .
thus , consideration should be given to the way in which policy goals may be effectively translated into political and legal reality , based on both a realistic perception of the obstacles that have to be overcome and an [correct/right] assessment of the contribution which lawyers and litigation may make in promoting desirable social change .

The actual fixing or , to be accurate , ‘ refixing ’ of constituency boundaries is ultimately up to the House of Commons .
the actual fixing or , to be [correct/right] , ‘ refixing ’ of constituency boundaries is ultimately up to the house of commons .

An accurate account would have to have regard to all those instances where a remedy has been accorded by a state party simply to forestall a successful application and to those cases , also , where breach had been avoided in the first place by reason of adjustment of procedures so as to ensure compliance with the Convention .
an [correct/right] account would have to have regard to all those instances where a remedy has been accorded by a state party simply to forestall a successful application and to those cases , also , where breach had been avoided in the first place by reason of adjustment of procedures so as to ensure compliance with the convention .

Actually it would be more accurate to call it a tutor ‘ hut ’ since our class is based in one of those ‘ temporary ’ classrooms that sprouted up around schools all over the country about twenty years ago .
actually it would be more [correct/right] to call it a tutor ‘ hut ’ since our class is based in one of those ‘ temporary ’ classrooms that sprouted up around schools all over the country about twenty years ago .

Since the rates of State benefits and income from various types of investments change so frequently , there is little point in quoting figures , but it will be important for you to know how to gather the up-to-date , accurate information .
since the rates of state benefits and income from various types of investments change so frequently , there is little point in quoting figures , but it will be important for you to know how to gather the up-to-date , [correct/right] information .

The fact that the subject matter was so dire must have posed a problem for the programmers . Understandably , they 'd be under pressure to produce an accurate conversion ; you can almost hear them …
the fact that the subject matter was so dire must have posed a problem for the programmers . understandably , they 'd be under pressure to produce an [correct/right] conversion ; you can almost hear them …

One of the most pleasingly accurate darts sims ever seen .
one of the most pleasingly [correct/right] darts sims ever seen .

Accurate accounts .
[correct/right] accounts .

Every effort is made to ensure prices are accurate and goods available , but best can not take responsibility for either .
every effort is made to ensure prices are [correct/right] and goods available , but best can not take responsibility for either .

It 's easier to slice up the brain when it 's been fixed in suspension — much more accurate .
it 's easier to slice up the brain when it 's been fixed in suspension — much more [correct/right] .

Meryl privately doubted that this phraseology was accurate .
meryl privately doubted that this phraseology was [correct/right] .

If you 're so bloody keen on accuracy , let 's be accurate about this .
if you 're so bloody keen on accuracy , let 's be [correct/right] about this .

It need not be an accurate representation but more of an expression of local features and history .
it need not be an [correct/right] representation but more of an expression of local features and history .

The writers include in their definition of research academically based studies , operational research , careful analysis of regular and accurate working records , and the process of evaluation which reviews practical day-to-day transactions in order to sharpen individual and collective knowledge and skills , and raise standards of service relevance and sensitivity to need .
the writers include in their definition of research academically based studies , operational research , careful analysis of regular and [correct/right] working records , and the process of evaluation which reviews practical day-to-day transactions in order to sharpen individual and collective knowledge and skills , and raise standards of service relevance and sensitivity to need .

If the criterion to predict abuse is 80 per cent accurate ( and no device available has such a high level of accuracy ) and if the rate of abuse in the population is 10 in a 100 , then if 1000 people/families are screened , 80 out of the 100 will be correctly identified while 20 will be missed ( false negative ) .
if the criterion to predict abuse is 80 per cent [correct/right] ( and no device available has such a high level of accuracy ) and if the rate of abuse in the population is 10 in a 100 , then if 1000 people/families are screened , 80 out of the 100 will be correctly identified while 20 will be missed ( false negative ) .

These weapons were developed from the long-barrelled hunting weapons used in Hochland , and their long barrels make them very accurate .
these weapons were developed from the long-barrelled hunting weapons used in hochland , and their long barrels make them very [correct/right] .

Once again , they are not terribly accurate , but when facing the massed ranks of a horde army such as the Skaven they can be devastating .
once again , they are not terribly [correct/right] , but when facing the massed ranks of a horde army such as the skaven they can be devastating .

In practical terms there is the age-old problem of accurate recording .
in practical terms there is the age-old problem of [correct/right] recording .

They must keep accurate records , but the requirements of confidentiality may necessitate keeping some disclosures from the patients ' doctors .
they must keep [correct/right] records , but the requirements of confidentiality may necessitate keeping some disclosures from the patients ' doctors .

Consistent ethnic monitoring of both births and deaths is needed to provide accurate information on the local variations in the incidence of sudden infant deaths .
consistent ethnic monitoring of both births and deaths is needed to provide [correct/right] information on the local variations in the incidence of sudden infant deaths .

High standards of accuracy become important if the investigator is going to employ sophisticated methods of analysing the flight recording , such as making a double integration of the vertical acceleration recording to obtain an accurate description of the shape of the flight-path perpendicular to the pitch attitude .
high standards of accuracy become important if the investigator is going to employ sophisticated methods of analysing the flight recording , such as making a double integration of the vertical acceleration recording to obtain an [correct/right] description of the shape of the flight-path perpendicular to the pitch attitude .

There can be no doubt that the development and use of FDRs and CVRs in aircraft accident investigation has led to a more precise , more accurate and quicker determination of the cause of accidents .
there can be no doubt that the development and use of fdrs and cvrs in aircraft accident investigation has led to a more precise , more [correct/right] and quicker determination of the cause of accidents .

His colleagues , working on the flight data and cockpit voice recordings , will be able to feed in much data , also recorded against a very accurate time base which can be synchronised with the radio transcript .
his colleagues , working on the flight data and cockpit voice recordings , will be able to feed in much data , also recorded against a very [correct/right] time base which can be synchronised with the radio transcript .

Many are clinically factual and accurate , particularly small boys who seem to be more observant than most .
many are clinically factual and [correct/right] , particularly small boys who seem to be more observant than most .

Writing an accurate and properly assessed accident report is by far the most difficult part of the investigator 's task , but it is the investigator 's only end-product .
writing an [correct/right] and properly assessed accident report is by far the most difficult part of the investigator 's task , but it is the investigator 's only end-product .

Accurate .
[correct/right] .

Also provides the most complete and accurate list of colleges , with addresses , telephone numbers , names of presidents and student activities directors .
also provides the most complete and [correct/right] list of colleges , with addresses , telephone numbers , names of presidents and student activities directors .

Keesing 's gives you regularly updated , accurate , impartial , political and economic information .
keesing 's gives you regularly updated , [correct/right] , impartial , political and economic information .

Accurate thermometers were exclusive to nature until Otto Schott came along .
[correct/right] thermometers were exclusive to nature until otto schott came along .

It was his development of special thermometer glass with glass capillaries containing liquid that made such accurate measurement feasible .
it was his development of special thermometer glass with glass capillaries containing liquid that made such [correct/right] measurement feasible .

30 lap memory , countdown alarm that may be set to the second , pre-set split times for accurate analysis of race pace .
30 lap memory , countdown alarm that may be set to the second , pre-set split times for [correct/right] analysis of race pace .

In his colourful account , however , Walton was not always accurate and was sometimes even inventive .
in his colourful account , however , walton was not always [correct/right] and was sometimes even inventive .

The need for accurate information on the environment has increased dramatically in recent years .
the need for [correct/right] information on the environment has increased dramatically in recent years .

Current advances in graptolite biostratigraphy are leading to the recognition of further subdivisions in the Ordovician and Silurian which provide an accurate calibration for parallel work on acritarchs and chitinozoa .
current advances in graptolite biostratigraphy are leading to the recognition of further subdivisions in the ordovician and silurian which provide an [correct/right] calibration for parallel work on acritarchs and chitinozoa .

The advances in graptolite biostratigraphy provide an accurate calibration for parallel work on acritarchs and chitinozoa from the same Lower Palaeozoic sediments .
the advances in graptolite biostratigraphy provide an [correct/right] calibration for parallel work on acritarchs and chitinozoa from the same lower palaeozoic sediments .

They offer not only all the finest portfolio available but also accurate advice and help .
they offer not only all the finest portfolio available but also [correct/right] advice and help .

An accurate and meaningful account of a human society should be more than a generalised narrative of the changes in composition of the archaeological record through time .
an [correct/right] and meaningful account of a human society should be more than a generalised narrative of the changes in composition of the archaeological record through time .

Whilst the leaflet is accurate at the date of printing , specification/appearance may be changed in the interest of continued improvement .
whilst the leaflet is [correct/right] at the date of printing , specification/appearance may be changed in the interest of continued improvement .

Laboratory tests have shown the First Response Ovulation Prediction Test to be over 99 % accurate .
laboratory tests have shown the first response ovulation prediction test to be over 99 % [correct/right] .

It is so sensitive ( 99 % accurate in laboratory testing ) that an accurate result can be obtained on the first day of a missed period .
it is so sensitive ( 99 % [correct/right] in laboratory testing ) that an [correct/right] result can be obtained on the first day of a missed period .

The result is clear and unmistakable , and is 99 % accurate — you can even test on the day your period 's due .
the result is clear and unmistakable , and is 99 % [correct/right] — you can even test on the day your period 's due .

John is described as a ‘ law-agent ’ , but at election time , as the Lowthers were usually against the Whigs , ‘ Tory agent ’ would be a more accurate title .
john is described as a ‘ law-agent ’ , but at election time , as the lowthers were usually against the whigs , ‘ tory agent ’ would be a more [correct/right] title .

( But even they may not be accurate : census-takers last year reported that , in some areas , they found it hard to get people to fill in their forms , because they thought the census had some connection with poll tax .
( but even they may not be [correct/right] : census-takers last year reported that , in some areas , they found it hard to get people to fill in their forms , because they thought the census had some connection with poll tax .

Both then and now , it is a very difficult approach which requires very accurate timing .
both then and now , it is a very difficult approach which requires very [correct/right] timing .

Only the last of these pieces of information is accurate .
only the last of these pieces of information is [correct/right] .

And according to the researchers , the results have proved ‘ remarkably accurate ’ .
and according to the researchers , the results have proved ‘ remarkably [correct/right] ’ .

We give structured assessments , order appropriate investigations , reach an accurate diagnosis and then make the relevant treatment or referral .
we give structured assessments , order appropriate investigations , reach an [correct/right] diagnosis and then make the relevant treatment or referral .

For example , quartz-crystal-based watches are both cheaper and more accurate than those driven by clockwork .
for example , quartz-crystal-based watches are both cheaper and more [correct/right] than those driven by clockwork .

Carbon fibre tubes have cured much of this ; but the fourth bridle line is used on larger sport kites even though it requires accurate adjustment to balance with the other lines .
carbon fibre tubes have cured much of this ; but the fourth bridle line is used on larger sport kites even though it requires [correct/right] adjustment to balance with the other lines .

Our intuition — linked to that strongest of instincts , survival — is often more accurate than logic or reason .
our intuition — linked to that strongest of instincts , survival — is often more [correct/right] than logic or reason .

The punch must be fluid and accurate , the stance must be relaxed and the yell must be deep from the stomach , not high-pitched from the back of the throat .
the punch must be fluid and [correct/right] , the stance must be relaxed and the yell must be deep from the stomach , not high-pitched from the back of the throat .

Finish him with one hard accurate kick to the groin and immediately push him into the rest of the pack as you run like the wind .
finish him with one hard [correct/right] kick to the groin and immediately push him into the rest of the pack as you run like the wind .

To pull this off , you need to be fast , powerful and accurate , and that means lots of practice in your back garden .
to pull this off , you need to be fast , powerful and [correct/right] , and that means lots of practice in your back garden .

Seton 's forecast proved accurate in the first part , at least .
seton 's forecast proved [correct/right] in the first part , at least .

It may be a fairly accurate description of press philosophy and practice in Ethiopia , Mozambique and Angola , yet few other countries have engendered such an ideologically coherent , centralized role for their media .
it may be a fairly [correct/right] description of press philosophy and practice in ethiopia , mozambique and angola , yet few other countries have engendered such an ideologically coherent , centralized role for their media .

We then considered its claim to be scientific , humanistic and atheistic ; concluding that it was more accurate to describe it as an ideology than a science , that its humanitarianism was very real yet flawed , and that its atheism was fundamental to an understanding of the ideology .
we then considered its claim to be scientific , humanistic and atheistic ; concluding that it was more [correct/right] to describe it as an ideology than a science , that its humanitarianism was very real yet flawed , and that its atheism was fundamental to an understanding of the ideology .

She found out about the work and discovered that it needed understanding and patience and was very demanding ; speech therapists have to be effective communicators , with clear and accurate speech , a sensitive ear and a good command of written English .
she found out about the work and discovered that it needed understanding and patience and was very demanding ; speech therapists have to be effective communicators , with clear and [correct/right] speech , a sensitive ear and a good command of written english .

Invoicing — making out and checking invoices and keeping accurate records
invoicing — making out and checking invoices and keeping [correct/right] records

Are you accurate ?
are you [correct/right] ?

Do n't just listen and then go away without first checking that your interpretation of what the person has said is accurate .
do n't just listen and then go away without first checking that your interpretation of what the person has said is [correct/right] .

Local people claimed that dust blown from the drying tailings pond ( though lake would be a more accurate description , as it covered 148 acres ) left after the mine closed was harming human and animal health in the area .
local people claimed that dust blown from the drying tailings pond ( though lake would be a more [correct/right] description , as it covered 148 acres ) left after the mine closed was harming human and animal health in the area .

One can see Tolkien 's attempt to extend that tradition in the hobbit-poems scattered through The Lord of the Rings — or to be more accurate , in the new hobbit-poems .
one can see tolkien 's attempt to extend that tradition in the hobbit-poems scattered through the lord of the rings — or to be more [correct/right] , in the new hobbit-poems .

But no , his intuition had been accurate .
but no , his intuition had been [correct/right] .

He asked himself how accurate his memory in fact was , how much time and a desire to repudiate the past had blocked off .
he asked himself how [correct/right] his memory in fact was , how much time and a desire to repudiate the past had blocked off .

The corpse/cadaver brasses sport shrouds of a type seen on the skeleton examples , though the presence of flesh allowed the cutter to render a more accurate portrayal of human features — often producing a successfully recognizable human being , albeit one in want of a good meal .
the corpse/cadaver brasses sport shrouds of a type seen on the skeleton examples , though the presence of flesh allowed the cutter to render a more [correct/right] portrayal of human features — often producing a successfully recognizable human being , albeit one in want of a good meal .

The demographic data we have provided are accurate enough , but no resemblance to any existing hotel or hotels in Knutsford is intended , and the competitive position described here is not the same as it is in reality .
the demographic data we have provided are [correct/right] enough , but no resemblance to any existing hotel or hotels in knutsford is intended , and the competitive position described here is not the same as it is in reality .

Agnes Miller maintains very full and accurate records of materials received and issued , together with comprehensive housekeeping staffing schedules .
agnes miller maintains very full and [correct/right] records of materials received and issued , together with comprehensive housekeeping staffing schedules .

The demographic data we have provided is accurate enough , but no resemblance to any existing restaurant chain is intended .
the demographic data we have provided is [correct/right] enough , but no resemblance to any existing restaurant chain is intended .

If they are accurate , the new Foxbats can not only evade our missiles , they can attain the very top level of the stratosphere , and maintain a speed which is only marginally sub-orbital .
if they are [correct/right] , the new foxbats can not only evade our missiles , they can attain the very top level of the stratosphere , and maintain a speed which is only marginally sub-orbital .

‘ If that report is anywhere near accurate , they could knock anything we have at present clear out of the sky .
‘ if that report is anywhere near [correct/right] , they could knock anything we have at present clear out of the sky .

If the reports on Foxbat were accurate , the aircraft represented the next five years of technology .
if the reports on foxbat were [correct/right] , the aircraft represented the next five years of technology .

WinTach should give you more accurate performance figures . If your machine has a turbo button — make sure you use it !
wintach should give you more [correct/right] performance figures . if your machine has a turbo button — make sure you use it !

On the one hand , assuming the assessments to have been broadly accurate , the level of exploitation might have varied widely : it was , for instance , regarded as axiomatic that enclosed ground was worth substantially more than common , while manorial custom and estate policy could exercise a profound effect on rents .
on the one hand , assuming the assessments to have been broadly [correct/right] , the level of exploitation might have varied widely : it was , for instance , regarded as axiomatic that enclosed ground was worth substantially more than common , while manorial custom and estate policy could exercise a profound effect on rents .

In other words , although social scientists certainly want to make sure that the information that they are gathering is accurate , this is only a necessary — not a sufficient — goal .
in other words , although social scientists certainly want to make sure that the information that they are gathering is [correct/right] , this is only a necessary — not a sufficient — goal .

In truth he did not want to go , for he was tired and saddle-sore , but this day the allies needed accurate news of the enemy so that their response could be certain , fast and lethal .
in truth he did not want to go , for he was tired and saddle-sore , but this day the allies needed [correct/right] news of the enemy so that their response could be certain , fast and lethal .

‘ Does that crossroads have a name ? ’ That was an important question , for any messages Sharpe sent had to be accurate .
‘ does that crossroads have a name ? ’ that was an important question , for any messages sharpe sent had to be [correct/right] .

The Lieutenant , like all French skirmishing officers , carried a light curved sabre ; a good slashing weapon , but not the most accurate blade for the lunge .
the lieutenant , like all french skirmishing officers , carried a light curved sabre ; a good slashing weapon , but not the most [correct/right] blade for the lunge .

But at fifty yards the French muskets were almost as accurate as the Baker rifle .
but at fifty yards the french muskets were almost as [correct/right] as the baker rifle .

The catapult works very much like a stone thrower as described in the Warhammer rules except that the Goblin is able to steer himself to his target and is therefore more accurate than a stone .
the catapult works very much like a stone thrower as described in the warhammer rules except that the goblin is able to steer himself to his target and is therefore more [correct/right] than a stone .

Both are comparably effective — the Rock Lobbers being more destructive while the Doom Divers are more accurate .
both are comparably effective — the rock lobbers being more destructive while the doom divers are more [correct/right] .

Form tutors ensuring that records of attendance are as accurate as possible and explanations for absence produced when pupils return to school
form tutors ensuring that records of attendance are as [correct/right] as possible and explanations for absence produced when pupils return to school

The first was a local need for accurate information about current welfare assistant practice to enable the resource to be provided as effectively as possible and also to identify good and inappropriate practice , and adopt or remedy these as necessary ; and to identify training needs .
the first was a local need for [correct/right] information about current welfare assistant practice to enable the resource to be provided as effectively as possible and also to identify good and inappropriate practice , and adopt or remedy these as necessary ; and to identify training needs .

His control of the power through the throttles had to be accurate .
his control of the power through the throttles had to be [correct/right] .

The other most obvious difference between the researcher and the ordinary new member of a social group is that the former must keep detailed and accurate notes and records of everything observed and every impression gained .
the other most obvious difference between the researcher and the ordinary new member of a social group is that the former must keep detailed and [correct/right] notes and records of everything observed and every impression gained .

While it is probable that the number of births recorded is as accurate as we are likely to need , the records of some social events are , by their nature , likely to be incomplete .
while it is probable that the number of births recorded is as [correct/right] as we are likely to need , the records of some social events are , by their nature , likely to be incomplete .

Is the material factually accurate ? Are any errors deliberate or accidental ?
is the material factually [correct/right] ? are any errors deliberate or accidental ?

An accurate picture of the growth of the business was revealed when the partners — although maintaining their day-to-day management intact — sold their equity to Chatles Barker in 1986 , for an initial consideration of £3.16m .
an [correct/right] picture of the growth of the business was revealed when the partners — although maintaining their day-to-day management intact — sold their equity to chatles barker in 1986 , for an initial consideration of £3.16m .

They accept that their work is less technical than they would perhaps like , but ‘ craftsmanship ’ is still possible in accurate diagnosis and illness management ( Freidson 1975 ) .
they accept that their work is less technical than they would perhaps like , but ‘ craftsmanship ’ is still possible in [correct/right] diagnosis and illness management ( freidson 1975 ) .

They were the era when psychologists rediscovered mind , or , to be more accurate , mental processes like attention and memory .
they were the era when psychologists rediscovered mind , or , to be more [correct/right] , mental processes like attention and memory .

This guidance is , of course , not available in smooth-brained animals like rats and mice , and in these it is extremely difficult to make accurate cortical removals .
this guidance is , of course , not available in smooth-brained animals like rats and mice , and in these it is extremely difficult to make [correct/right] cortical removals .

The modern historian can use works of reference written after the lessons of scholarship had been learned and while respect for accurate learning was at its height .
the modern historian can use works of reference written after the lessons of scholarship had been learned and while respect for [correct/right] learning was at its height .

Employing those conceptions , we can ask how we can know that we have succeeded in referring to anything , and how we can know that we have come up with an accurate description of what we have referred to .
employing those conceptions , we can ask how we can know that we have succeeded in referring to anything , and how we can know that we have come up with an [correct/right] description of what we have referred to .

‘ It 's accurate enough , ’ allowed Obispal , ‘ though by that stage my death would n't have made a whit of difference to the outcome .
‘ it 's [correct/right] enough , ’ allowed obispal , ‘ though by that stage my death would n't have made a whit of difference to the outcome .

’ Her tone said that she still loathed the Harlequin man , yet she felt compelled to be accurate .
’ her tone said that she still loathed the harlequin man , yet she felt compelled to be [correct/right] .

But , given the interpersonal nature of the Ameslan work , it is difficult to devise accurate tests to detect inadvertent undue influence .
but , given the interpersonal nature of the ameslan work , it is difficult to devise [correct/right] tests to detect inadvertent undue influence .

The illustrations are not meant to be accurate — for use as maps — but they succeed brilliantly as indicators of the terrain likely to be found on these walks .
the illustrations are not meant to be [correct/right] — for use as maps — but they succeed brilliantly as indicators of the terrain likely to be found on these walks .

Effective intervention and treatment is based on an accurate assessment of the presenting problem .
effective intervention and treatment is based on an [correct/right] assessment of the presenting problem .

Her elder sister ( 8 years ) had a much more accurate view of what Maria liked to play with .
her elder sister ( 8 years ) had a much more [correct/right] view of what maria liked to play with .

More often than not , a router can be left with its parallel guide fence in place to aid accurate cutting .
more often than not , a router can be left with its parallel guide fence in place to aid [correct/right] cutting .

We liked the large contact area and plastic fence attachments , which made rip cutting accurate and smooth
we liked the large contact area and plastic fence attachments , which made rip cutting [correct/right] and smooth

Suppose a sky-high gas , electricity or telephone bill sends your blood pressure soaring . Is it correct — or could you be the victim of a computer hiccup ? How can you be sure that your own meters are accurate ?
suppose a sky-high gas , electricity or telephone bill sends your blood pressure soaring . is it correct — or could you be the victim of a computer hiccup ? how can you be sure that your own meters are [correct/right] ?

It 's very important to get this strip perfectly straight , either by accurate measurement against the stairs or by using a string line and making small pencil marks every half-metre to align the bottom edge — again , that second pair of hands can come in very useful .
it 's very important to get this strip perfectly straight , either by [correct/right] measurement against the stairs or by using a string line and making small pencil marks every half-metre to align the bottom edge — again , that second pair of hands can come in very useful .

Others are impossible to locate and drop out of the statistics in due course ; therefore accurate figures are difficult to obtain .
others are impossible to locate and drop out of the statistics in due course ; therefore [correct/right] figures are difficult to obtain .

The key issue here is to establish the need for recording as the only accurate method of detecting change ( good or bad ) in a child 's behaviour .
the key issue here is to establish the need for recording as the only [correct/right] method of detecting change ( good or bad ) in a child 's behaviour .

Thus , when a child who calls a stool ‘ chair ’ is corrected and introduced to its more accurate name and subsequently uses the term ‘ stool ’ , it would be reasonable to say that the child had learned a new word .
thus , when a child who calls a stool ‘ chair ’ is corrected and introduced to its more [correct/right] name and subsequently uses the term ‘ stool ’ , it would be reasonable to say that the child had learned a new word .

Often imitations are extended to provide a more accurate rendition of the child 's intended meaning or elaborated so that new but related information is added .
often imitations are extended to provide a more [correct/right] rendition of the child 's intended meaning or elaborated so that new but related information is added .

For this reason , accurate diagnosis of underlying causes on the basis of visible symptoms plays a major part in the treatment of physical illnesses and will often enable doctors to provide accurate predictions about the future course of the illness .
for this reason , [correct/right] diagnosis of underlying causes on the basis of visible symptoms plays a major part in the treatment of physical illnesses and will often enable doctors to provide [correct/right] predictions about the future course of the illness .

This line of reasoning then raises the question of what might be regarded as an accurate description of the language of ordinary children at different ages .
this line of reasoning then raises the question of what might be regarded as an [correct/right] description of the language of ordinary children at different ages .

Unfortunately , imitation makes special demands upon the child 's pragmatic skills and may not , therefore , always provide an accurate indication of the child 's ability to produce language spontaneously ( Ingram 1974 ) or of the child 's underlying linguistic competence ( Slobin and Welsh 1973 ) .
unfortunately , imitation makes special demands upon the child 's pragmatic skills and may not , therefore , always provide an [correct/right] indication of the child 's ability to produce language spontaneously ( ingram 1974 ) or of the child 's underlying linguistic competence ( slobin and welsh 1973 ) .

Balanced against this is the problem that these procedures are likely to involve the child in unusual activities with strange people ; they may not , therefore , provide an accurate picture of what children are able to do under more natural and relaxed conditions .
balanced against this is the problem that these procedures are likely to involve the child in unusual activities with strange people ; they may not , therefore , provide an [correct/right] picture of what children are able to do under more natural and relaxed conditions .

These limitations and practical difficulties do not remove the value of recording children 's speech in relatively natural settings ; they do , however , emphasise that it is extremely difficult to obtain objective and accurate information on which to base an assessment of a child 's linguistic abilities .
these limitations and practical difficulties do not remove the value of recording children 's speech in relatively natural settings ; they do , however , emphasise that it is extremely difficult to obtain objective and [correct/right] information on which to base an assessment of a child 's linguistic abilities .

Third , for any checklist which claims a developmental sequence , the larger the ‘ developmental space ’ between items , the less the checklist will discriminate levels of linguistic ability , and the less accurate it will be .
third , for any checklist which claims a developmental sequence , the larger the ‘ developmental space ’ between items , the less the checklist will discriminate levels of linguistic ability , and the less [correct/right] it will be .

While this sample was designed to provide a cross-section of American children , and thus included children of black , Anglo and Mexican parents , it is unlikely that the resultant norms provide an accurate basis of comparison for British children .
while this sample was designed to provide a cross-section of american children , and thus included children of black , anglo and mexican parents , it is unlikely that the resultant norms provide an [correct/right] basis of comparison for british children .

If the test has not been shown to be reliable in empirical studies , then there is no guarantee that any information obtained by using the test will provide an accurate reflection of any child 's ability .
if the test has not been shown to be reliable in empirical studies , then there is no guarantee that any information obtained by using the test will provide an [correct/right] reflection of any child 's ability .

Internal reliability or consistency is concerned with the extent to which the individual test items provide measures that are accurate reflections of the overall score .
internal reliability or consistency is concerned with the extent to which the individual test items provide measures that are [correct/right] reflections of the overall score .

It indicates that the test items themselves are accurate .
it indicates that the test items themselves are [correct/right] .

In addition , since no test is completely accurate ( that is , all tests have a reliability co-efficient of less than 1 ) , it is desirable to have information regarding the level of confidence which a test user can have in any obtained score .
in addition , since no test is completely [correct/right] ( that is , all tests have a reliability co-efficient of less than 1 ) , it is desirable to have information regarding the level of confidence which a test user can have in any obtained score .

Single jacquard would be the more accurate way of describing many of the single bed ( main bed only ) two-colour patterns that we knit .
single jacquard would be the more [correct/right] way of describing many of the single bed ( main bed only ) two-colour patterns that we knit .

( in order to achieve an accurate rendition of the subtle body colours the necessary exposure ‘ burns out the bright eye , giving the silver image rather than the true green . )
( in order to achieve an [correct/right] rendition of the subtle body colours the necessary exposure ‘ burns out the bright eye , giving the silver image rather than the true green . )

Work by Raymond and Tompa [ 12 ] has indicated the need for an accurate representation of the fine structure of documents to allow fragments of documents to be referenced and treated as objects of data in their own right .
work by raymond and tompa [ 12 ] has indicated the need for an [correct/right] representation of the fine structure of documents to allow fragments of documents to be referenced and treated as objects of data in their own right .

The public counts on those who disseminate factual information … to be certain that what they tell us is as accurate as research and the conscientious use of language can make it .
the public counts on those who disseminate factual information … to be certain that what they tell us is as [correct/right] as research and the conscientious use of language can make it .

Purged of prejudice , our language can be used ‘ conscientiously ’ to disseminate ‘ accurate ’ information .
purged of prejudice , our language can be used ‘ conscientiously ’ to disseminate ‘ [correct/right] ’ information .

Of course this is not quite accurate language does not exist independently of speakers , and it is they who introduce innovations — but the point is well taken .
of course this is not quite [correct/right] language does not exist independently of speakers , and it is they who introduce innovations — but the point is well taken .

As we have seen , reformists like Miller and Swift regard neutral , nonsexist language as a necessary corrective which will make our speech and writing more accurate .
as we have seen , reformists like miller and swift regard neutral , nonsexist language as a necessary corrective which will make our speech and writing more [correct/right] .

Squadron markings on aircraft frequently reflect the official badge and the accurate rendition of such markings is vital .
squadron markings on aircraft frequently reflect the official badge and the [correct/right] rendition of such markings is vital .

Because the machine is produced and factory aligned as a double bed with the needles sitting in individual channels and because of the addition of the pushing down wheels , the tuck knitting is more easily made , with its stitch formation more accurate , without the lateral distortion than can occur within the stitches made on a machine that does not have needle channels .
because the machine is produced and factory aligned as a double bed with the needles sitting in individual channels and because of the addition of the pushing down wheels , the tuck knitting is more easily made , with its stitch formation more [correct/right] , without the lateral distortion than can occur within the stitches made on a machine that does not have needle channels .

McCALL Header off line crucial in first half , while surging runs and accurate long-range passes made him thorn in Leeds ' flesh 8
mccall header off line crucial in first half , while surging runs and [correct/right] long-range passes made him thorn in leeds ' flesh 8

McClennan added : ‘ If Eagles ' Aston had been more accurate with his goal kicking , he would have put much more pressure on us .
mcclennan added : ‘ if eagles ' aston had been more [correct/right] with his goal kicking , he would have put much more pressure on us .

An accurate drive is crucial because a hook means a certain bogey , or worse .
an [correct/right] drive is crucial because a hook means a certain bogey , or worse .

Counselling empathy requires constant testing because we can never be certain that what we believe to be the feelings and attitudes of the counsellees are accurate .
counselling empathy requires constant testing because we can never be certain that what we believe to be the feelings and attitudes of the counsellees are [correct/right] .

What is important is that the individual understands why someone feels strong enough to say ‘ Go to hell ’ , and not merely to believe that this is an accurate statement of what that person desires .
what is important is that the individual understands why someone feels strong enough to say ‘ go to hell ’ , and not merely to believe that this is an [correct/right] statement of what that person desires .

This may not be an accurate assessment of the family dynamic , but the re-labelling of the problem does enable the family to focus on a problem that might not otherwise be considered , the effect of one caring relationship on another .
this may not be an [correct/right] assessment of the family dynamic , but the re-labelling of the problem does enable the family to focus on a problem that might not otherwise be considered , the effect of one caring relationship on another .

The prevention of ill-health , and to some extent the treatment of existing health problems , could improve if older people had more accurate and relevant information about the factors which contribute to good health .
the prevention of ill-health , and to some extent the treatment of existing health problems , could improve if older people had more [correct/right] and relevant information about the factors which contribute to good health .

Good health resides in areas under more direct personal control , and those with time to investigate such matters as exercise and nutrition may be in a better position than a doctor to arrive at an accurate understanding .
good health resides in areas under more direct personal control , and those with time to investigate such matters as exercise and nutrition may be in a better position than a doctor to arrive at an [correct/right] understanding .

There has been a lot of debate , generally conducted outside scientific circles , about the possible existence of such a sense — or , to be more accurate , set of senses .
there has been a lot of debate , generally conducted outside scientific circles , about the possible existence of such a sense — or , to be more [correct/right] , set of senses .

If you suspect your inner critic is being accurate in an attack , ask yourself what you can do to make amends .
if you suspect your inner critic is being [correct/right] in an attack , ask yourself what you can do to make amends .

‘ Shy people have an overgenerous view of others ’ might be more accurate .
‘ shy people have an overgenerous view of others ’ might be more [correct/right] .

Originally they were responsible for making accurate copies of the scriptures and for guarding the text against any errors .
originally they were responsible for making [correct/right] copies of the scriptures and for guarding the text against any errors .

For an elliptical crack Inglis 's stress concentration factor is : Though this was calculated for an ellipse it turns out that it is very nearly accurate for any sharp re-entrant or notch .
for an elliptical crack inglis 's stress concentration factor is : though this was calculated for an ellipse it turns out that it is very nearly [correct/right] for any sharp re-entrant or notch .

Academically , this test is not very accurate but it does have some value as a rough comparative test between different materials .
academically , this test is not very [correct/right] but it does have some value as a rough comparative test between different materials .

Results proved just as accurate — and more fun — with girls asked to smell their boyfriends ' bodies .
results proved just as [correct/right] — and more fun — with girls asked to smell their boyfriends ' bodies .

Is it a whitewash or an accurate representation of the result of a searching investigation ? Who knows .
is it a whitewash or an [correct/right] representation of the result of a searching investigation ? who knows .

The scents , which can be distributed via ventilation systems or through aerosol sprays , are manufactured by industrial chemists throughout Europe and are incredibily accurate .
the scents , which can be distributed via ventilation systems or through aerosol sprays , are manufactured by industrial chemists throughout europe and are incredibily [correct/right] .

Wright still managed an accurate shot but , unfortunately for him , it grazed the near post and rolled harmlessly across goal .
wright still managed an [correct/right] shot but , unfortunately for him , it grazed the near post and rolled harmlessly across goal .

Mort Shapiro recommends : that firms take their time , since undue haste could diminish performance ; that every stage should be documented ; that accurate language should be used on all occasions ; and that auditors stick to their checklists and deviate at their peril .
mort shapiro recommends : that firms take their time , since undue haste could diminish performance ; that every stage should be documented ; that [correct/right] language should be used on all occasions ; and that auditors stick to their checklists and deviate at their peril .

Eventually , the system proved incapable of producing timely and accurate management information .
eventually , the system proved incapable of producing timely and [correct/right] management information .

Where the company subsequently becomes aware that its figure is no longer the ‘ best estimate ’ , or can be replaced by an accurate figure , this information should be sent to the inspector without unreasonable delay .
where the company subsequently becomes aware that its figure is no longer the ‘ best estimate ’ , or can be replaced by an [correct/right] figure , this information should be sent to the inspector without unreasonable delay .

In practice neither scholars nor officials ever have sufficient evidence to put forth an accurate , exact figure .
in practice neither scholars nor officials ever have sufficient evidence to put forth an [correct/right] , exact figure .

Another option , accepting criminal law as an accurate reflection of the social consensus , is less helpful than the legal definition because it precludes the study of differences between criminal law and popular conceptions of morality .
another option , accepting criminal law as an [correct/right] reflection of the social consensus , is less helpful than the legal definition because it precludes the study of differences between criminal law and popular conceptions of morality .

This approach is less accurate because the cattle returns are not as reliable as the census figures , but it is valuable because the presence of a large urban population can mask a high rate of cattle theft in the rural parts of a region .
this approach is less [correct/right] because the cattle returns are not as reliable as the census figures , but it is valuable because the presence of a large urban population can mask a high rate of cattle theft in the rural parts of a region .

If these assumptions are correct , and the cattle returns accurate , an animal 's chance of being stolen during its lifetime ranged from forty per cent in the Low Country around 1880 to three per cent in the Interior region at the end of the century .
if these assumptions are correct , and the cattle returns [correct/right] , an animal 's chance of being stolen during its lifetime ranged from forty per cent in the low country around 1880 to three per cent in the interior region at the end of the century .

for physics there is only one true measurement from any one position , and it can be more accurate than ever before ; writing and painting communicate look and feel from a viewpoint with more sophistication than ever before ; with a Cubist vision which constructs reality from the different facets exposed from different angles one is better orientated than ever before .
for physics there is only one true measurement from any one position , and it can be more [correct/right] than ever before ; writing and painting communicate look and feel from a viewpoint with more sophistication than ever before ; with a cubist vision which constructs reality from the different facets exposed from different angles one is better orientated than ever before .

And he is a more consistently accurate tactical kicker from the base of the scrum than the man he replaced .
and he is a more consistently [correct/right] tactical kicker from the base of the scrum than the man he replaced .

It promises to be a fast , scenic and accurate course .
it promises to be a fast , scenic and [correct/right] course .

The most accurate way is to have your running style videotaped and analysed by a biomechanics lab .
the most [correct/right] way is to have your running style videotaped and analysed by a biomechanics lab .

However , at the last minute the selectors have restored Little to inside centre and picked Fox and Steve Bachop as the fly-halves , very likely on the basis they are much more accurate punters than Little .
however , at the last minute the selectors have restored little to inside centre and picked fox and steve bachop as the fly-halves , very likely on the basis they are much more [correct/right] punters than little .

His work , nearly always typographically accurate , had himself projected into it .
his work , nearly always typographically [correct/right] , had himself projected into it .

Ask yourself : is the information accurate and up-to-date ?
ask yourself : is the information [correct/right] and up-to-date ?

But this skill , along with accurate spelling , is essential in succeeding in most areas of life .
but this skill , along with [correct/right] spelling , is essential in succeeding in most areas of life .

This is a useful aid to accurate manual focusing : zoom in to telephoto , set the focus , and then zoom back out to frame the shot the way you want it .
this is a useful aid to [correct/right] manual focusing : zoom in to telephoto , set the focus , and then zoom back out to frame the shot the way you want it .

One way round the problem is to script your commentary so that it does not depend on being recorded to accurate timings .
one way round the problem is to script your commentary so that it does not depend on being recorded to [correct/right] timings .

Some , but not all , automatically roll back the source tape at the beginning of each edit to offset the backspace and so produce edits which are accurate to within one or two frames .
some , but not all , automatically roll back the source tape at the beginning of each edit to offset the backspace and so produce edits which are [correct/right] to within one or two frames .

When accurate information is available for analysis by management , trends and patterns in absenteeism will emerge and appropriate action can be decided on .
when [correct/right] information is available for analysis by management , trends and patterns in absenteeism will emerge and appropriate action can be decided on .

It will be found on the cost accountant 's bookshelf but the operational manager will not be convinced that the cost gymnastics of Mr Hicks ' cost accumulation model are any more accurate or relevant to his operation than the existing confusion of standard rates , production norm etc .
it will be found on the cost accountant 's bookshelf but the operational manager will not be convinced that the cost gymnastics of mr hicks ' cost accumulation model are any more [correct/right] or relevant to his operation than the existing confusion of standard rates , production norm etc .

While only a few farmers could cope on this scale , there was a growing body of men whose individual holdings might have been small but whose collected wealth in terms of stock was vast , although sadly beyond accurate calculation by later historians .
while only a few farmers could cope on this scale , there was a growing body of men whose individual holdings might have been small but whose collected wealth in terms of stock was vast , although sadly beyond [correct/right] calculation by later historians .

They found primary school teachers were starting to get grips with the process of assessing pupils and many were more accurate than in the curriculum 's first year .
they found primary school teachers were starting to get grips with the process of assessing pupils and many were more [correct/right] than in the curriculum 's first year .

per quarter of wheat in 1800 must be a fairly accurate barometer of the plight of the poor , especially in the 1790s .
per quarter of wheat in 1800 must be a fairly [correct/right] barometer of the plight of the poor , especially in the 1790s .

Hence we might find instances of accuracy in the production of such formulas as fixed phrases but it does not follow that the learner can transfer the accurate production of forms to a wider range of constructions and contexts .
hence we might find instances of accuracy in the production of such formulas as fixed phrases but it does not follow that the learner can transfer the [correct/right] production of forms to a wider range of constructions and contexts .

‘ Haphazard ’ rather than ‘ eclectic ’ would be the more accurate term .
‘ haphazard ’ rather than ‘ eclectic ’ would be the more [correct/right] term .

Build a Better Life by Stealing Office Supplies , illustrated by Scott Adams , is an amusing and accurate guide to office life .
build a better life by stealing office supplies , illustrated by scott adams , is an amusing and [correct/right] guide to office life .

The incentive for making as accurate a calculation as possible of the likely final liability is therefore clear .
the incentive for making as [correct/right] a calculation as possible of the likely final liability is therefore clear .

To avoid simultaneous borrowing and depositing you should monitor how accurate your forecasting is , without turning this into an art form .
to avoid simultaneous borrowing and depositing you should monitor how [correct/right] your forecasting is , without turning this into an art form .

During flightless stage of their summer moult , eider drakes all gather at ‘ traditional ’ sites in flocks sometimes over a thousand strong , and this is the best time to get an accurate estimate of the size of the population .
during flightless stage of their summer moult , eider drakes all gather at ‘ traditional ’ sites in flocks sometimes over a thousand strong , and this is the best time to get an [correct/right] estimate of the size of the population .

There were several hundred birds and , because we had rounded a corner and surprised them , they panicked and went rushing off in a tight bunch , making an accurate count impossible .
there were several hundred birds and , because we had rounded a corner and surprised them , they panicked and went rushing off in a tight bunch , making an [correct/right] count impossible .

The values , obtained by a best-fitting process , are accurate to 10 % .
the values , obtained by a best-fitting process , are [correct/right] to 10 % .

This would strengthen the theoretical foundations for numerical modelling , thus permitting accurate reconstructions of the past and realistic predictions of future global climate trends .
this would strengthen the theoretical foundations for numerical modelling , thus permitting [correct/right] reconstructions of the past and realistic predictions of future global climate trends .

Hence it is difficult to derive accurate and spatially-representative predictions of the impact of future land-use change or to examine the long-term stability of lake ecosystems in the face of repeated episodes of accelerated nutrient input .
hence it is difficult to derive [correct/right] and spatially-representative predictions of the impact of future land-use change or to examine the long-term stability of lake ecosystems in the face of repeated episodes of accelerated nutrient input .

To obtain accurate arrival times for the pulses , data were sampled at 80μs and folded to produce pulse profiles .
to obtain [correct/right] arrival times for the pulses , data were sampled at 80μs and folded to produce pulse profiles .

The observed profiles were cross-correlated with a standard pulse profile appropriate for each radio frequency to obtain accurate pulse arrival times .
the observed profiles were cross-correlated with a standard pulse profile appropriate for each radio frequency to obtain [correct/right] pulse arrival times .

An official at Vnesheconombank , the state-owned bank for foreign trade , suggests that the most accurate figure is $ 12 billion-13 billion , just slightly less than the $ 14 billion Russia received in aid last year .
an official at vnesheconombank , the state-owned bank for foreign trade , suggests that the most [correct/right] figure is $ 12 billion-13 billion , just slightly less than the $ 14 billion russia received in aid last year .

In that respect , Mr Aspin 's pronouncement of death was accurate , but a little overdue .
in that respect , mr aspin 's pronouncement of death was [correct/right] , but a little overdue .

Keeping them alive in mind and body is a much more accurate description of what we do .
keeping them alive in mind and body is a much more [correct/right] description of what we do .

It is hard to be accurate about the ‘ success ’ of the Nicaraguan prison system in reforming offenders and reintegrating them into society .
it is hard to be [correct/right] about the ‘ success ’ of the nicaraguan prison system in reforming offenders and reintegrating them into society .

People and even nations are often pigeon-holed according to people 's preconceived ideas , which are of course seldom accurate .
people and even nations are often pigeon-holed according to people 's preconceived ideas , which are of course seldom [correct/right] .

In historically accurate terms these settled states had ceased to be colonies fourteen years before Howard 's death , but that probably did not much matter south and west of the Red River which forms the north-east boundary of what was then known as Tejas , or Tehas .
in historically [correct/right] terms these settled states had ceased to be colonies fourteen years before howard 's death , but that probably did not much matter south and west of the red river which forms the north-east boundary of what was then known as tejas , or tehas .

Though he 'd never used it , the Bowl was reputedly the most accurate prophetic tool known in the worlds , and now — sitting amid his treasures , with a sense growing in him that events on Earth in the last few days were leading to some matter of moment — he brought the Bowl down from its place on the highest shelf , unwrapped it , and set it on the table .
though he 'd never used it , the bowl was reputedly the most [correct/right] prophetic tool known in the worlds , and now — sitting amid his treasures , with a sense growing in him that events on earth in the last few days were leading to some matter of moment — he brought the bowl down from its place on the highest shelf , unwrapped it , and set it on the table .

Information does not properly inform unless it is accurate .
information does not properly inform unless it is [correct/right] .

Edmund 's predictions of the success of his plots are , like Iago 's , accurate .
edmund 's predictions of the success of his plots are , like iago 's , [correct/right] .

It is not quite accurate to call what happened last weekend ‘ appeasement ’ .
it is not quite [correct/right] to call what happened last weekend ‘ appeasement ’ .

The Soviet measurements of population doses and effects have essentially been proved accurate by every later test , whatever western greens and Ukrainian nationalists say .
the soviet measurements of population doses and effects have essentially been proved [correct/right] by every later test , whatever western greens and ukrainian nationalists say .

Eighteenth-century politics have long had an unsavoury reputation , and although in the case of Scotland much of that reputation can be traced to the persuasive , but not strictly accurate , writings of Henry Cockburn and other Whig reformers of the early nineteenth century , it must be conceded at the outset that there is something to be said for the received account .
eighteenth-century politics have long had an unsavoury reputation , and although in the case of scotland much of that reputation can be traced to the persuasive , but not strictly [correct/right] , writings of henry cockburn and other whig reformers of the early nineteenth century , it must be conceded at the outset that there is something to be said for the received account .

Clearly , an accurate account of the effects of social policy in the area of juvenile crime could not be undertaken by reference solely to official statistics .
clearly , an [correct/right] account of the effects of social policy in the area of juvenile crime could not be undertaken by reference solely to official statistics .

By today 's standards , autochromes were not wholly accurate in colour , but they were extremely beautiful , with an impressionistic feel that found favour particularly amongst those with leanings towards ‘ art ’ .
by today 's standards , autochromes were not wholly [correct/right] in colour , but they were extremely beautiful , with an impressionistic feel that found favour particularly amongst those with leanings towards ‘ art ’ .

Although most economists agree that PPPs give a more accurate measure of the relative size of economies than market exchange rates , this still leaves a problem : the original local-currency figures may themselves be unreliable .
although most economists agree that ppps give a more [correct/right] measure of the relative size of economies than market exchange rates , this still leaves a problem : the original local-currency figures may themselves be unreliable .

To attempt such change you need an accurate sense of what opportunities and risks are involved .
to attempt such change you need an [correct/right] sense of what opportunities and risks are involved .

Many of the younger ones do , and many of the older ones would like to , but are trapped by financial commitments , pension prospects and the fear , accurate or not , of being unqualified for or unable to find an alternative job .
many of the younger ones do , and many of the older ones would like to , but are trapped by financial commitments , pension prospects and the fear , [correct/right] or not , of being unqualified for or unable to find an alternative job .

The aim is to use the rubble in as accurate a way as possible , avoiding recourse to modern materials .
the aim is to use the rubble in as [correct/right] a way as possible , avoiding recourse to modern materials .

’ His memory , as always , was uncomfortably accurate .
’ his memory , as always , was uncomfortably [correct/right] .

Another collective title , the Angry Young Men , was to prove in the long term more accurate as prediction than description .
another collective title , the angry young men , was to prove in the long term more [correct/right] as prediction than description .

It became essential to obtain an accurate estimate of just how many tigers were left .
it became essential to obtain an [correct/right] estimate of just how many tigers were left .

Accurate pictures could now be built up for the first time as to how tigers spent their day , how often they killed , their associations with other tigers and how the young animals found and established their own home ranges .
[correct/right] pictures could now be built up for the first time as to how tigers spent their day , how often they killed , their associations with other tigers and how the young animals found and established their own home ranges .

Rangers have been shot and no one has an accurate picture of what has happened to the wildlife there .
rangers have been shot and no one has an [correct/right] picture of what has happened to the wildlife there .

On the distribution of major species , however , he was completely accurate .
on the distribution of major species , however , he was completely [correct/right] .

Accurate medical and social assessment , followed by treatment , could enable such patients to return to the community .
[correct/right] medical and social assessment , followed by treatment , could enable such patients to return to the community .

The revitalised image of the historic Phaidon Press is well reflected by these two related books in which accurate and informed scholarship is conveyed to a wider and more popular audience than under the old dispensation .
the revitalised image of the historic phaidon press is well reflected by these two related books in which [correct/right] and informed scholarship is conveyed to a wider and more popular audience than under the old dispensation .

It was a long time ago and the memory plays tricks but Derek thinks the following account is fairly accurate .
it was a long time ago and the memory plays tricks but derek thinks the following account is fairly [correct/right] .

Though Dan 's notes read ‘ another malfunction ’ , ‘ very accurate flak ’ , ‘ Capt Rumsey 's plane exploded ’ ‘ Intense flak over city ’ , when pressed for details Dan replies ‘ Not really much to tell .
though dan 's notes read ‘ another malfunction ’ , ‘ very [correct/right] flak ’ , ‘ capt rumsey 's plane exploded ’ ‘ intense flak over city ’ , when pressed for details dan replies ‘ not really much to tell .

Enemy resistance came in the form of accurate flak and fighter attacks .
enemy resistance came in the form of [correct/right] flak and fighter attacks .

It was the same story on the 30th and frustration mounted amongst the crews , by the end of June Ramsay had flown 18 operations and had become well established on the Squadron as one of the most accurate navigators .
it was the same story on the 30th and frustration mounted amongst the crews , by the end of june ramsay had flown 18 operations and had become well established on the squadron as one of the most [correct/right] navigators .

Although fighter opposition was fairly rare , the German flak defences were always intense and accurate and on the final run-in to the target evasion was impossible .
although fighter opposition was fairly rare , the german flak defences were always intense and [correct/right] and on the final run-in to the target evasion was impossible .

Fundamental to all accurate drawing is the search for the shape behind the shape ; the scaffolding on which to hang form and detail .
fundamental to all [correct/right] drawing is the search for the shape behind the shape ; the scaffolding on which to hang form and detail .

The first paragraph is quite accurate .
the first paragraph is quite [correct/right] .

Any guidebook is only as good as the input of information into it , and this is an opportunity to make sure the guide is up to date and accurate .
any guidebook is only as good as the input of information into it , and this is an opportunity to make sure the guide is up to date and [correct/right] .

This input is not only welcome from those climbing in the higher grades ; opinions about all the climbs are valid , with the need for accurate lower grade route descriptions being vital .
this input is not only welcome from those climbing in the higher grades ; opinions about all the climbs are valid , with the need for [correct/right] lower grade route descriptions being vital .

Writing accurate and professional business letters , reports , memos and faxes can be difficult .
writing [correct/right] and professional business letters , reports , memos and faxes can be difficult .

The years of research that went into preparing the Tests have ensured that they are accurate with all students from elementary level upwards .
the years of research that went into preparing the tests have ensured that they are [correct/right] with all students from elementary level upwards .

Many Americans who lived through the war years and remembered quite vividly the virtual hatred and perceived Japanese treachery fuelled during the war probably stiffened at the presented Japanese viewpoint but it remains , for the most part , historically accurate .
many americans who lived through the war years and remembered quite vividly the virtual hatred and perceived japanese treachery fuelled during the war probably stiffened at the presented japanese viewpoint but it remains , for the most part , historically [correct/right] .

‘ At Briefing , the Mosquito crews were told their markings must be very accurate in order to avoid civilian casualties .
‘ at briefing , the mosquito crews were told their markings must be very [correct/right] in order to avoid civilian casualties .

Screw the uplift support into it ( if the hole is non too accurate use silicone to seal it ) and add a short piece of the uplift .
screw the uplift support into it ( if the hole is non too [correct/right] use silicone to seal it ) and add a short piece of the uplift .

Use of Ammonia , Nitrite and Nitrate test-kits will give you an accurate measure of how effective your bacterial filtration is .
use of ammonia , nitrite and nitrate test-kits will give you an [correct/right] measure of how effective your bacterial filtration is .

The digital thermometer on the front of your magazine is the result of many new technologies combining to give a simple , effective , low cost ( in this case free ! ) , accurate and long-life product .
the digital thermometer on the front of your magazine is the result of many new technologies combining to give a simple , effective , low cost ( in this case free ! ) , [correct/right] and long-life product .

The calculation of wattages is simplified by accurate heater/stats .
the calculation of wattages is simplified by [correct/right] heater/stats .

The story occurs in a temporally accurate sequence so that there are quick changes of scene , i.e .
the story occurs in a temporally [correct/right] sequence so that there are quick changes of scene , i.e .

Using accurate measures and keeping a note of the water used , it gave consistent results , and we found no problems in use .
using [correct/right] measures and keeping a note of the water used , it gave consistent results , and we found no problems in use .

Variable speed is almost essential if drilling is to be accurate .
variable speed is almost essential if drilling is to be [correct/right] .

Although the router can make all sorts of accurate joints and decorative edge profiles , many users may find they are most often using a straight 6mm cutter to remove the waste from a groove or mortise .
although the router can make all sorts of [correct/right] joints and decorative edge profiles , many users may find they are most often using a straight 6mm cutter to remove the waste from a groove or mortise .

Accurate , up-to-date records must be kept of tests on all lifting equipment and pressure vessels .
[correct/right] , up-to-date records must be kept of tests on all lifting equipment and pressure vessels .

This attitude was reinforced by the second wave of technology which provided instrumentation , ways of sensing and recording data which gave more accurate and reliable data than that which can be detected directly by the human senses .
this attitude was reinforced by the second wave of technology which provided instrumentation , ways of sensing and recording data which gave more [correct/right] and reliable data than that which can be detected directly by the human senses .

Accurate observation of what a person is doing is not easy .
[correct/right] observation of what a person is doing is not easy .

Other significant phenomena which have emerged from such studies are that simple reversals of the numbers are a common form of error , accurate reproduction is facilitated by deliberate grouping in twos or threes and the ends of a span seem to be less prone to error than the middle .
other significant phenomena which have emerged from such studies are that simple reversals of the numbers are a common form of error , [correct/right] reproduction is facilitated by deliberate grouping in twos or threes and the ends of a span seem to be less prone to error than the middle .

In an article published the same year , Kevin Sharpe questioned whether it was entirely accurate to label Laud as an Arminian , stressing that the archbishop saw as his main task not the propagation of a new theology but the prevention of divisive doctrinal debate .
in an article published the same year , kevin sharpe questioned whether it was entirely [correct/right] to label laud as an arminian , stressing that the archbishop saw as his main task not the propagation of a new theology but the prevention of divisive doctrinal debate .

They proved almost useless , for the ebb and flow of the fighting hindered the collection of accurate information , and such as was gleaned was usually out of date by the time of its transmission .
they proved almost useless , for the ebb and flow of the fighting hindered the collection of [correct/right] information , and such as was gleaned was usually out of date by the time of its transmission .

Cut a new piece of timber , and mark on it the shape of piece required . When cutting , err on the large size , then pare back for an accurate fit , leaving the new timber about 3mm proud of the rest of the sill
cut a new piece of timber , and mark on it the shape of piece required . when cutting , err on the large size , then pare back for an [correct/right] fit , leaving the new timber about 3mm proud of the rest of the sill

Tests showed the stop angles of 90° and 45° to be accurate .
tests showed the stop angles of 90° and 45° to be [correct/right] .

Failing this , the most accurate method would be to drill through within the area of the proposed opening and , with an assistant , measure the depth .
failing this , the most [correct/right] method would be to drill through within the area of the proposed opening and , with an assistant , measure the depth .

It would be more accurate to say that it shows the decline of community and public practices .
it would be more [correct/right] to say that it shows the decline of community and public practices .

Successful communication depends upon a recognition and accurate use of the rules and conventions .
successful communication depends upon a recognition and [correct/right] use of the rules and conventions .

It does assume , however , that teachers themselves have an accurate understanding of the differences between written Standard English , spoken Standard English and spoken local varieties of English .
it does assume , however , that teachers themselves have an [correct/right] understanding of the differences between written standard english , spoken standard english and spoken local varieties of english .

We must recognise that we need both accurate descriptions of language that are related to situation , purpose and mode ( i.e .
we must recognise that we need both [correct/right] descriptions of language that are related to situation , purpose and mode ( i.e .

Accuracy , clarity and precision are obviously important , and we need to identify correctly those parts of the grammar of English which are relevant to constructing accurate , clear and precise arguments .
accuracy , clarity and precision are obviously important , and we need to identify correctly those parts of the grammar of english which are relevant to constructing [correct/right] , clear and precise arguments .

Some form of analysis ( which may be more or less explicit ) is necessarily a part of the interpretation of texts , of understanding how a poet or novelist achieves his or her effects , and consequently must figure in the production of accurate writing .
some form of analysis ( which may be more or less explicit ) is necessarily a part of the interpretation of texts , of understanding how a poet or novelist achieves his or her effects , and consequently must figure in the production of [correct/right] writing .

give and respond to precise and accurate instructions , upon which successful use of the technology depends , as does language competence more generally ;
give and respond to precise and [correct/right] instructions , upon which successful use of the technology depends , as does language competence more generally ;

Although by law hire purchase advertising had to be ‘ accurate ’ , there was no reporting process to make this more effective than a formality ( except for the efforts of individual weights and measures inspectors who became concerned about credit provision when their duties were extended by the Trade Descriptions Act 1968 to cover a very wide range of consumer affairs ) .
although by law hire purchase advertising had to be ‘ [correct/right] ’ , there was no reporting process to make this more effective than a formality ( except for the efforts of individual weights and measures inspectors who became concerned about credit provision when their duties were extended by the trade descriptions act 1968 to cover a very wide range of consumer affairs ) .

Regulations under the Consumer Credit Act will of course ensure that accurate cost information is available for all forms of credit .
regulations under the consumer credit act will of course ensure that [correct/right] cost information is available for all forms of credit .

this solid background of personal local knowledge , and the way in which their main volume of repeat business is topped up by firm personal recommendations , means that their lending decisions can generally be based on a truly accurate perception of the customer 's ability and will to repay .
this solid background of personal local knowledge , and the way in which their main volume of repeat business is topped up by firm personal recommendations , means that their lending decisions can generally be based on a truly [correct/right] perception of the customer 's ability and will to repay .

So the Federal Reserve board , which carries the main responsibility for general oversight over credit legislation , judges that credit scoring is the most accurate way of discriminating between good and bad payers .
so the federal reserve board , which carries the main responsibility for general oversight over credit legislation , judges that credit scoring is the most [correct/right] way of discriminating between good and bad payers .

Tarred timbers covered in grit — unlike the gates at Southampton — protected the caisson 's sides , and the men took some cover behind these timbers ' projections when the Penhouet ships opened accurate fire with their 20mm guns .
tarred timbers covered in grit — unlike the gates at southampton — protected the caisson 's sides , and the men took some cover behind these timbers ' projections when the penhouet ships opened [correct/right] fire with their 20mm guns .

Tack or staple the underlay , after marking edges so that you get an accurate fit in the centre of the stairs .
tack or staple the underlay , after marking edges so that you get an [correct/right] fit in the centre of the stairs .

One of the great services which McGavran has rendered to the missionary enterprise has been his insistence on the need to gather objective and accurate data in order to disperse the fog in which it has operated for so long .
one of the great services which mcgavran has rendered to the missionary enterprise has been his insistence on the need to gather objective and [correct/right] data in order to disperse the fog in which it has operated for so long .

Denominational headquarters also need sound data-handling methods to ensure an accurate national picture .
denominational headquarters also need sound data-handling methods to ensure an [correct/right] national picture .

Only by painstaking research are we able to paint an accurate picture of what is really happening .
only by painstaking research are we able to paint an [correct/right] picture of what is really happening .

In Presbyterianism it will be by attendance at the quarterly communions , and in Anglican Churches with a central or evangelical tradition the most accurate measure will be the numbers at Easter and possibly Christmas communion , although in some churches these two seasons will present difficulties if there is a tradition of members going away for holidays or to visit relatives at these times .
in presbyterianism it will be by attendance at the quarterly communions , and in anglican churches with a central or evangelical tradition the most [correct/right] measure will be the numbers at easter and possibly christmas communion , although in some churches these two seasons will present difficulties if there is a tradition of members going away for holidays or to visit relatives at these times .

But as you graph your annual giving year by year , remember that to give an accurate impression you will need to correct for inflation .
but as you graph your annual giving year by year , remember that to give an [correct/right] impression you will need to correct for inflation .

Charting the gains and losses will help to give a more accurate picture of the church 's growth profile .
charting the gains and losses will help to give a more [correct/right] picture of the church 's growth profile .

But the committed membership are not those best able to give an accurate assessment .
but the committed membership are not those best able to give an [correct/right] assessment .

This reduces the workload and helps in the production of a more comprehensive and accurate picture .
this reduces the workload and helps in the production of a more comprehensive and [correct/right] picture .

Jung remarked that when his mother spoke from this part of her nature she could be unnervingly accurate , and in his book gives several examples of this .
jung remarked that when his mother spoke from this part of her nature she could be unnervingly [correct/right] , and in his book gives several examples of this .

The police had been excluded from prior knowledge of the arrests , but quickly built up an accurate picture .
the police had been excluded from prior knowledge of the arrests , but quickly built up an [correct/right] picture .

6.3 shall keep complete and accurate records showing all information that is necessary for the full computation and verification of the royalties payable to under this Agreement , and shall permit any authorized agent of to examine and inspect such records at all reasonable times on reasonable notice not more than one time in any calendar year .
6.3 shall keep complete and [correct/right] records showing all information that is necessary for the full computation and verification of the royalties payable to under this agreement , and shall permit any authorized agent of to examine and inspect such records at all reasonable times on reasonable notice not more than one time in any calendar year .

To be accurate , ‘ private press ’ should be applied only to a press where the owner 's or operator 's chief objective is to print a fine book , without being at the mercy of a publisher 's instructions and a first necessity to show a profit , even though he may sell his wares through commercial channels .
to be [correct/right] , ‘ private press ’ should be applied only to a press where the owner 's or operator 's chief objective is to print a fine book , without being at the mercy of a publisher 's instructions and a first necessity to show a profit , even though he may sell his wares through commercial channels .

The democratic elitist machine model takes Weber 's proposition that state bureaucracies can be subordinated to governing elites as an accurate description of existing liberal democracies ( page , 1985 ) .
the democratic elitist machine model takes weber 's proposition that state bureaucracies can be subordinated to governing elites as an [correct/right] description of existing liberal democracies ( page , 1985 ) .

This meant either working out very accurate tables of the movements of the moon or devising a chronometer which could keep time for a voyage of months or years without relying on a pendulum that would be disturbed by the rolling of the ship .
this meant either working out very [correct/right] tables of the movements of the moon or devising a chronometer which could keep time for a voyage of months or years without relying on a pendulum that would be disturbed by the rolling of the ship .

What do we think about this increased reporting ? Is it good that rape is now reported , and its existence no longer denied ? Is this coming into the open of crimes against women useful in assisting reforms in this area ? Or are the stereotypes of rape portrayed by the press so narrow and unusual that they hinder the process of effective intervention by the state and others . Does the reporting raise women 's fear of crime ? In a society where many women are afraid to walk alone at night does this increase in reporting increase women 's fear still further ? Do the rape reports encourage further rapes , by providing information to potential rapists ? Does the pornographic nature of some of the reports encourage attitudes which facilitate rape ? Given that we have so little information about rape , does the increased press reporting , given its restricted nature , hinder the chance of a raped woman getting a fair ‘ trial ’ ? Are juries increasingly inhibited from convicting men who are different from this stereotype ? Does the press narrow popular conceptions of rape and make it more difficult for raped women to obtain justice ? If the reports do contribute negatively , what should be done about it ? Should they be compulsorily edited so as to be accurate and balanced , that is censored ? Or is this going too far and risks losing more , in terms of freedom of speech , than we would gain ?
what do we think about this increased reporting ? is it good that rape is now reported , and its existence no longer denied ? is this coming into the open of crimes against women useful in assisting reforms in this area ? or are the stereotypes of rape portrayed by the press so narrow and unusual that they hinder the process of effective intervention by the state and others . does the reporting raise women 's fear of crime ? in a society where many women are afraid to walk alone at night does this increase in reporting increase women 's fear still further ? do the rape reports encourage further rapes , by providing information to potential rapists ? does the pornographic nature of some of the reports encourage attitudes which facilitate rape ? given that we have so little information about rape , does the increased press reporting , given its restricted nature , hinder the chance of a raped woman getting a fair ‘ trial ’ ? are juries increasingly inhibited from convicting men who are different from this stereotype ? does the press narrow popular conceptions of rape and make it more difficult for raped women to obtain justice ? if the reports do contribute negatively , what should be done about it ? should they be compulsorily edited so as to be [correct/right] and balanced , that is censored ? or is this going too far and risks losing more , in terms of freedom of speech , than we would gain ?

The beauties of the course could n't hide its tough and unremitting nature , which demanded accurate striking of the ball on virtually every hole .
the beauties of the course could n't hide its tough and unremitting nature , which demanded [correct/right] striking of the ball on virtually every hole .

Despite losing a ball on the second hole , Harley had a respectable opening half of two under par and his putting was as consistent and accurate as before .
despite losing a ball on the second hole , harley had a respectable opening half of two under par and his putting was as consistent and [correct/right] as before .

One such group is the Haitian Information Bureau , which was set up recently as a news and information service designed to provide an accurate picture of the current situation in Haiti .
one such group is the haitian information bureau , which was set up recently as a news and information service designed to provide an [correct/right] picture of the current situation in haiti .

For accurate measurement of distance vision , when the Snellen chart is used , lighting must be good but not dazzling , the test administered singly , and the distance at which the child stands exactly measured .
for [correct/right] measurement of distance vision , when the snellen chart is used , lighting must be good but not dazzling , the test administered singly , and the distance at which the child stands exactly measured .

Whilst the clinical measurements of visual acuity and visual field yield key information for medical purposes of treatment and correction when possible , they also afford scientifically accurate data to be used as a basis for presenting learning materials that involve the use of vision .
whilst the clinical measurements of visual acuity and visual field yield key information for medical purposes of treatment and correction when possible , they also afford scientifically [correct/right] data to be used as a basis for presenting learning materials that involve the use of vision .

By about four months of age the baby 's visual acuity may be as exact as 6/6 , but accurate perception of what is seen will normally still be developing .
by about four months of age the baby 's visual acuity may be as exact as 6/6 , but [correct/right] perception of what is seen will normally still be developing .

He urges Amnesty members never to underestimate the importance of their efforts , the impact of the letters and appeals that they send , the lifelines offered to prisoners , the effectiveness of the organization 's detailed , impartial , accurate research , ( ‘ you know more about us than we know ourselves ’ ) and the impact of its exposure of government repression .
he urges amnesty members never to underestimate the importance of their efforts , the impact of the letters and appeals that they send , the lifelines offered to prisoners , the effectiveness of the organization 's detailed , impartial , [correct/right] research , ( ‘ you know more about us than we know ourselves ’ ) and the impact of its exposure of government repression .

The size of the dog is not necessarily an accurate reflection of its barking abilities .
the size of the dog is not necessarily an [correct/right] reflection of its barking abilities .

The latter are increasingly available but specific for each kind of snake , so that immediate and accurate identification of the species is essential .
the latter are increasingly available but specific for each kind of snake , so that immediate and [correct/right] identification of the species is essential .

The Consul General addressed himself exclusively to the Substitute in slow , accurate Italian , pronounced with his native accent .
the consul general addressed himself exclusively to the substitute in slow , [correct/right] italian , pronounced with his native accent .

The information was also accurate ; Nationalist Spain , based on the agricultural regions of Spain and constantly expanding its territory faster than its population , was never short of food .
the information was also [correct/right] ; nationalist spain , based on the agricultural regions of spain and constantly expanding its territory faster than its population , was never short of food .

‘ Oh yes , the facts are accurate .
‘ oh yes , the facts are [correct/right] .

’ And indeed that reply was accurate enough , as regards the Scouts .
’ and indeed that reply was [correct/right] enough , as regards the scouts .

Although equations are a concise and accurate way of describing mathematical ideas , they frighten most people .
although equations are a concise and [correct/right] way of describing mathematical ideas , they frighten most people .

Accurate diagnosis and treatment rely on effective communication through discussion of personal experiences , emotions and ideas expressed in an individual 's own language .
[correct/right] diagnosis and treatment rely on effective communication through discussion of personal experiences , emotions and ideas expressed in an individual 's own language .

Whichever method of measurement is adopted it is essential that the surveyor achieves the following : ( a ) That the weekly measurement is sufficiently accurate to maintain a good working relationship with the subcontractor .
whichever method of measurement is adopted it is essential that the surveyor achieves the following : ( a ) that the weekly measurement is sufficiently [correct/right] to maintain a good working relationship with the subcontractor .

It will be apparent that the surveyor could be negligent , overworked , dishonest or incompetent , and therefore fail to achieve accurate measurement .
it will be apparent that the surveyor could be negligent , overworked , dishonest or incompetent , and therefore fail to achieve [correct/right] measurement .

Nevertheless , the feedback of accurate quantity and cost data to management is essential for accurate cost control . The larger company may well use standard formats and their systems will provide :
nevertheless , the feedback of [correct/right] quantity and cost data to management is essential for [correct/right] cost control . the larger company may well use standard formats and their systems will provide :

The auction particulars must of course be both detailed and accurate , as they form part of the contract for sale , and are usually in the form of a glossy brochure .
the auction particulars must of course be both detailed and [correct/right] , as they form part of the contract for sale , and are usually in the form of a glossy brochure .

An accurate report should be made of all public transport facilities including ease of access to the nearest railway station , motorway or airport .
an [correct/right] report should be made of all public transport facilities including ease of access to the nearest railway station , motorway or airport .

Whichever method is used , certain factors have to be taken into account by the valuer in reaching a decision as to a realistic estimate of site value , such as : Economic factors State of national economy Availability of finance for developer and purchaser Interest rates Supply and demand in locality ( need for accurate market research ) Demographic changes Local employment conditions Proximity and availability of schools , shops , etc .
whichever method is used , certain factors have to be taken into account by the valuer in reaching a decision as to a realistic estimate of site value , such as : economic factors state of national economy availability of finance for developer and purchaser interest rates supply and demand in locality ( need for [correct/right] market research ) demographic changes local employment conditions proximity and availability of schools , shops , etc .

As a result the accounts produced will tend to reflect a fairly accurate view of the profitability of the business .
as a result the accounts produced will tend to reflect a fairly [correct/right] view of the profitability of the business .

Many smaller builders are unable to allocate the financial resources or staff to provide cost accounts and , with the consequential lack of accurate costing information , run greater risks of insolvency .
many smaller builders are unable to allocate the financial resources or staff to provide cost accounts and , with the consequential lack of [correct/right] costing information , run greater risks of insolvency .

( b ) An accurate assessment of project results to provide a backup and feedback to the estimating department for more precise tendering for future work .
( b ) an [correct/right] assessment of project results to provide a backup and feedback to the estimating department for more precise tendering for future work .

Obviously where frequent attempts are made at reconciliation the cost accounts may be reasonably accurate .
obviously where frequent attempts are made at reconciliation the cost accounts may be reasonably [correct/right] .

It must be emphasised , therefore , that it is essential that management monitor and frequently check the competence of their surveying staff , the methods of measurement used , and that sub-contractor 's accounts are accurate and up to date .
it must be emphasised , therefore , that it is essential that management monitor and frequently check the competence of their surveying staff , the methods of measurement used , and that sub-contractor 's accounts are [correct/right] and up to date .

With an unjustified reputation for less than accurate shooting , our best policy has always been to distract the opposition 's concentration on these set pieces .
with an unjustified reputation for less than [correct/right] shooting , our best policy has always been to distract the opposition 's concentration on these set pieces .

Not many candidates would attempt this frankness in the examination room , but they often do suppose that an accurate answer directed to the very words of the question is all that is required .
not many candidates would attempt this frankness in the examination room , but they often do suppose that an [correct/right] answer directed to the very words of the question is all that is required .

It is an accurate statement of the difference of definition between void and voidable contracts , but it says nothing of their different effects .
it is an [correct/right] statement of the difference of definition between void and voidable contracts , but it says nothing of their different effects .

Still , that does n't stop it from being an accurate prophecy , does it ?
still , that does n't stop it from being an [correct/right] prophecy , does it ?

( 1 ) Ptolemy 's model provided a reasonably accurate system for predicting the positions of heavenly bodies in the sky .
( 1 ) ptolemy 's model provided a reasonably [correct/right] system for predicting the positions of heavenly bodies in the sky .

In Ptolemy 's model provided a reasonably accurate system for predicting the positions of heavenly bodies in the sky , the theme is Ptolemy 's model .
in ptolemy 's model provided a reasonably [correct/right] system for predicting the positions of heavenly bodies in the sky , the theme is ptolemy 's model .

In the above example , the rheme is : provided a reasonably accurate system for predicting the positions of heavenly bodies in the sky , which is what the writer has to say about Ptolemy 's model .
in the above example , the rheme is : provided a reasonably [correct/right] system for predicting the positions of heavenly bodies in the sky , which is what the writer has to say about ptolemy 's model .

The investigators had already developed some quite strong linguistic hunches , and while these often turned out to be fairly accurate , pilot work sometimes revealed that they were a little wide of the mark .
the investigators had already developed some quite strong linguistic hunches , and while these often turned out to be fairly [correct/right] , pilot work sometimes revealed that they were a little wide of the mark .

But Knowles 's criticisms of Labov 's methods lose much of their cogency if we remember that Labov was not attempting to provide an accurate , detailed and variation-sensitive description of an urban dialect .
but knowles 's criticisms of labov 's methods lose much of their cogency if we remember that labov was not attempting to provide an [correct/right] , detailed and variation-sensitive description of an urban dialect .

While Knowles is concerned mainly with accurate description , it is clear from Romaine 's ( 1978a ) account of the variable ( r ) in the language of Edinburgh schoolchildren that she shares Labov 's general theoretical objectives of elucidating processes of linguistic change ( cf .
while knowles is concerned mainly with [correct/right] description , it is clear from romaine 's ( 1978a ) account of the variable ( r ) in the language of edinburgh schoolchildren that she shares labov 's general theoretical objectives of elucidating processes of linguistic change ( cf .

At the outset it is necessary to reiterate the point made at the beginning of this chapter , namely , that accurate up-to-date and spatially relevant data on rural employment , like rural population , are difficult to obtain .
at the outset it is necessary to reiterate the point made at the beginning of this chapter , namely , that [correct/right] up-to-date and spatially relevant data on rural employment , like rural population , are difficult to obtain .

Nonetheless , as Table 5.8 shows , employment in primary industry can still account for 12 per cent of all employment in rural areas , and when all the ancillary trades associated with agriculture are counted in , for example , food processing , machinery , and fertilizer and pesticide production , agriculture may well account for some 10 to 15 per cent of all national employment , although there are no accurate figures for this .
nonetheless , as table 5.8 shows , employment in primary industry can still account for 12 per cent of all employment in rural areas , and when all the ancillary trades associated with agriculture are counted in , for example , food processing , machinery , and fertilizer and pesticide production , agriculture may well account for some 10 to 15 per cent of all national employment , although there are no [correct/right] figures for this .

Those who have recognized the cool clear rush of air for what it may presage have already taken steps to ensure the accurate placement of a safety net .
those who have recognized the cool clear rush of air for what it may presage have already taken steps to ensure the [correct/right] placement of a safety net .

’ As Punk Rock codified from a post-modern art movement — very similar , in late 1976 , to a United Kingdom version of Andy Warhol 's Factory — into a ‘ public ’ movement with a crudely ‘ tough ’ style , it nevertheless delivered a disturbingly accurate political polemic .
’ as punk rock codified from a post-modern art movement — very similar , in late 1976 , to a united kingdom version of andy warhol 's factory — into a ‘ public ’ movement with a crudely ‘ tough ’ style , it nevertheless delivered a disturbingly [correct/right] political polemic .

Now that we have learnt to take account of the unpaid domestic labour of younger women as positive inputs into the economy ( Piachaud , 1985 ; Joshi , 1987a ) , it is time to extend this approach to the variety of unpaid activities of older people if we are to obtain an accurate picture of their role in the economy and of the extent to which they are a net ‘ burden ’ upon it .
now that we have learnt to take account of the unpaid domestic labour of younger women as positive inputs into the economy ( piachaud , 1985 ; joshi , 1987a ) , it is time to extend this approach to the variety of unpaid activities of older people if we are to obtain an [correct/right] picture of their role in the economy and of the extent to which they are a net ‘ burden ’ upon it .

Informed policymaking in education is dependent on accurate forecasts of the future demand for places .
informed policymaking in education is dependent on [correct/right] forecasts of the future demand for places .

It has long been the view of central government that these forecasts are much more accurate if they are made at a local rather than at a national level ( Hammond , 1984 ) .
it has long been the view of central government that these forecasts are much more [correct/right] if they are made at a local rather than at a national level ( hammond , 1984 ) .

Resource allocation in the near future requires accurate information not only for each school but within a school for each year .
resource allocation in the near future requires [correct/right] information not only for each school but within a school for each year .

This is because they require information on future births and migration , for which accurate predictions at a local level are always difficult , and because the ancillary information available will also be less detailed .
this is because they require information on future births and migration , for which [correct/right] predictions at a local level are always difficult , and because the ancillary information available will also be less detailed .

For these discussions to take place in an effective manner accurate forecasts are needed over the medium term .
for these discussions to take place in an effective manner [correct/right] forecasts are needed over the medium term .

The success of population targeting depends on access to accurate up-to-date information , but in fact the increasing attention being given to sub-national , and particularly local , populations is running far ahead of the availability of data suitable for monitoring trends at these scales .
the success of population targeting depends on access to [correct/right] up-to-date information , but in fact the increasing attention being given to sub-national , and particularly local , populations is running far ahead of the availability of data suitable for monitoring trends at these scales .

The total population estimates for Districts in 1981 , based on updates from the 1971 Census , were generally accurate to within two per cent , but the error was in excess of five per cent in some cases ( Thatcher , 1985 ) .
the total population estimates for districts in 1981 , based on updates from the 1971 census , were generally [correct/right] to within two per cent , but the error was in excess of five per cent in some cases ( thatcher , 1985 ) .

Then , in the fifteenth century , the casting of metal type was combined with developments in kinds of press and of ink to make the printing of texts possible , and the full range of rapid and accurate graphic reproduction was at last available .
then , in the fifteenth century , the casting of metal type was combined with developments in kinds of press and of ink to make the printing of texts possible , and the full range of rapid and [correct/right] graphic reproduction was at last available .

Science has also intervened in such matters as breeding , feed-conversion , and the control of the environment to reduce mortality and disease , forcing the stockman to keep accurate records of the necessary information and plan his husbandry strategy accordingly .
science has also intervened in such matters as breeding , feed-conversion , and the control of the environment to reduce mortality and disease , forcing the stockman to keep [correct/right] records of the necessary information and plan his husbandry strategy accordingly .

Its accounts , however accurate at this level , remain stuck at this preliminary stage of scientific enquiry .
its accounts , however [correct/right] at this level , remain stuck at this preliminary stage of scientific enquiry .

It shows further that since the social enterprise concept does not rely on a special characterisation of the role of the state in corporate existence , then even if the contract theory provides a more descriptively accurate account , no threat to the concept is entailed .
it shows further that since the social enterprise concept does not rely on a special characterisation of the role of the state in corporate existence , then even if the contract theory provides a more descriptively [correct/right] account , no threat to the concept is entailed .

However , as was mentioned earlier in the chapter , the model of perfect competition does not present an accurate picture of reality .
however , as was mentioned earlier in the chapter , the model of perfect competition does not present an [correct/right] picture of reality .

For the most part , what is good for the business will also be good for the shareholders and so speaking of a duty to benefit the business will often be accurate enough .
for the most part , what is good for the business will also be good for the shareholders and so speaking of a duty to benefit the business will often be [correct/right] enough .

An alternative approach is to measure share price changes ; prices at any given time reflect the market 's estimate of future performance and if it is assumed that this estimate is reliable then a comparison of ‘ before and after ’ figures should provide an accurate guide to the change in earning potential brought about by merger .
an alternative approach is to measure share price changes ; prices at any given time reflect the market 's estimate of future performance and if it is assumed that this estimate is reliable then a comparison of ‘ before and after ’ figures should provide an [correct/right] guide to the change in earning potential brought about by merger .

As this is a small file , it is useful to check how accurately the Poisson distribution approximates to the more strictly accurate binomial distribution .
as this is a small file , it is useful to check how accurately the poisson distribution approximates to the more strictly [correct/right] binomial distribution .

He told his superiors in Paris that 300 000 troops would be required to achieve anything ( an accurate estimate of what the French eventually had to commit in Indo-China ) .
he told his superiors in paris that 300 000 troops would be required to achieve anything ( an [correct/right] estimate of what the french eventually had to commit in indo-china ) .

All the Government data are based on ‘ averages ’ , which do not give an accurate picture of the effects of a poll tax , either on local authorities or on individuals within those local authorities .
all the government data are based on ‘ averages ’ , which do not give an [correct/right] picture of the effects of a poll tax , either on local authorities or on individuals within those local authorities .

The penalty for not entering an accurate record in the new Domesday Book would be that after the new vesting day for the exercise , all that wealth in Britain not entered in the record would become available for redistribution by the Government .
the penalty for not entering an [correct/right] record in the new domesday book would be that after the new vesting day for the exercise , all that wealth in britain not entered in the record would become available for redistribution by the government .

Similarly , those who fail to make accurate returns of their wealth held abroad would be unable to remit back into this country the income from the wealth , so making residence here difficult .
similarly , those who fail to make [correct/right] returns of their wealth held abroad would be unable to remit back into this country the income from the wealth , so making residence here difficult .

This difference is usually formulated in terms of a difference in knowledge ( pure as against applied , theoretical as against practical ) but it may be more accurate to see it as a difference of stance .
this difference is usually formulated in terms of a difference in knowledge ( pure as against applied , theoretical as against practical ) but it may be more [correct/right] to see it as a difference of stance .

Significantly increased autonomy and the removal of traditional demarcations on the shop floor have increased skill levels and enabled the company to give their customers flexibility , high quality , accurate delivery and competitive prices .
significantly increased autonomy and the removal of traditional demarcations on the shop floor have increased skill levels and enabled the company to give their customers flexibility , high quality , [correct/right] delivery and competitive prices .

The social scientist , equipped with powerfully zooming lenses , not to mention other specially designed equipment , is confident of taking more accurate pictures , and uses these to interpret the obscure images of the unfortunate .
the social scientist , equipped with powerfully zooming lenses , not to mention other specially designed equipment , is confident of taking more [correct/right] pictures , and uses these to interpret the obscure images of the unfortunate .

arrive at an accurate description of the actual use ,
arrive at an [correct/right] description of the actual use ,

Such stories , and they are legion , are quite accurate with respect to the intention and perspective of business and marketing interests , but it will be argued in the next chapter that they may be a poor foundation for an understanding of the nature of consumption .
such stories , and they are legion , are quite [correct/right] with respect to the intention and perspective of business and marketing interests , but it will be argued in the next chapter that they may be a poor foundation for an understanding of the nature of consumption .

Because the expenditure of many departments runs into hundreds of millions of pounds it is therefore a major audit task to check that the accounting and financial control systems underlying reported expenditure are both efficient and accurate .
because the expenditure of many departments runs into hundreds of millions of pounds it is therefore a major audit task to check that the accounting and financial control systems underlying reported expenditure are both efficient and [correct/right] .

Individuals downstream , on the other hand , have to acquire the flexibility to cope with unexpected change , being able to reach quick — but accurate — diagnoses and remedies .
individuals downstream , on the other hand , have to acquire the flexibility to cope with unexpected change , being able to reach quick — but [correct/right] — diagnoses and remedies .

Although we can judge and compare lengths and temperatures to some extent , our naked intuitions of these properties are simply not accurate or reliable enough .
although we can judge and compare lengths and temperatures to some extent , our naked intuitions of these properties are simply not [correct/right] or reliable enough .

They all share the misleading assumption that it is possible to produce a singular , uncontestable , objective and accurate representation of the reality external to the literary or photographic or any other text .
they all share the misleading assumption that it is possible to produce a singular , uncontestable , objective and [correct/right] representation of the reality external to the literary or photographic or any other text .

‘ We often say that we are looking for the intention of Parliament , but that is not quite accurate .
‘ we often say that we are looking for the intention of parliament , but that is not quite [correct/right] .

By 1891 Wilson claimed 20,000 foreign members , a figure which , if accurate , was remarkable indeed .
by 1891 wilson claimed 20,000 foreign members , a figure which , if [correct/right] , was remarkable indeed .

One of the interesting things about college studies is the dumbness of the student — using the word in its accurate sense and not as sometimes applied rudely to blondes !
one of the interesting things about college studies is the dumbness of the student — using the word in its [correct/right] sense and not as sometimes applied rudely to blondes !

Your report is precise and accurate and you put it on the boss 's desk .
your report is precise and [correct/right] and you put it on the boss 's desk .

Examiners are bound to react pleasurably ( with some benefit to the candidate ) when an answer is set out so that a quick and accurate judgement of its value is possible .
examiners are bound to react pleasurably ( with some benefit to the candidate ) when an answer is set out so that a quick and [correct/right] judgement of its value is possible .

In contrast , the turkey-like incubator bird , or mallee fowl , of Australia has a very accurate natural thermometer in its bill .
in contrast , the turkey-like incubator bird , or mallee fowl , of australia has a very [correct/right] natural thermometer in its bill .

In parts of Provence , though , farmers still keep green tree frogs under glass bells so that their croaking can warn of rain , and many people keep a piece of dried seaweed , claiming that it is as accurate as the human meteorologist 's forecast .
in parts of provence , though , farmers still keep green tree frogs under glass bells so that their croaking can warn of rain , and many people keep a piece of dried seaweed , claiming that it is as [correct/right] as the human meteorologist 's forecast .

Tests have shown that pigeons and ducks have accurate in-built barometers , capable of detecting minute air pressure changes .
tests have shown that pigeons and ducks have [correct/right] in-built barometers , capable of detecting minute air pressure changes .

For flying insects , accurate knowledge of air movements is vital for flight control .
for flying insects , [correct/right] knowledge of air movements is vital for flight control .

An even more vital skill in long migratory flights is accurate navigation , and birds have another special sense to aid them in this .
an even more vital skill in long migratory flights is [correct/right] navigation , and birds have another special sense to aid them in this .

Their accurate predictions may be based on infrasound .
their [correct/right] predictions may be based on infrasound .

Anyone who has kept a dog or cat will know how accurate this rhythm can be .
anyone who has kept a dog or cat will know how [correct/right] this rhythm can be .

Even the simplest organisms have as accurate a body clock as ourselves , sensing light through their cell walls or through special light-sensitive cells .
even the simplest organisms have as [correct/right] a body clock as ourselves , sensing light through their cell walls or through special light-sensitive cells .

They were so accurate that frequently bees were ready and waiting when the experimenters arrived to refill the sugar solution .
they were so [correct/right] that frequently bees were ready and waiting when the experimenters arrived to refill the sugar solution .

Just how accurate they are was demonstrated when some birds were kept under a stationary artificial `` sun `` .
just how [correct/right] they are was demonstrated when some birds were kept under a stationary artificial `` sun `` .

Diatoms , along with many other marine organisms , have an accurate body clock tuned to the rhythm of the tides .
diatoms , along with many other marine organisms , have an [correct/right] body clock tuned to the rhythm of the tides .

Expressing measurements in different units depends upon careful reading from the table and accurate use of decimals .
expressing measurements in different units depends upon careful reading from the table and [correct/right] use of decimals .

If your drawings are accurate you will have found that :
if your drawings are [correct/right] you will have found that :

Do not be worried if your angles do not exactly add up to 180° As you become more accurate with your work , so you will get closer to 180° .
do not be worried if your angles do not exactly add up to 180° as you become more [correct/right] with your work , so you will get closer to 180° .

Such a mixture we now know as potpourri , from the French pourrir , to rot , not a very accurate name , since the ingredients are preserved rather than allowed to decay .
such a mixture we now know as potpourri , from the french pourrir , to rot , not a very [correct/right] name , since the ingredients are preserved rather than allowed to decay .

Kershner and Jeng ( 1972 ) found right eye sighting dominant subjects to be more accurate than left dominant subjects on a tachistoscopic verbal task , while the reverse was the case on a non-verbal task .
kershner and jeng ( 1972 ) found right eye sighting dominant subjects to be more [correct/right] than left dominant subjects on a tachistoscopic verbal task , while the reverse was the case on a non-verbal task .

This might help to explain McKeever and Huling 's ( 1970b ) finding that reproduction of dotted designs was more accurate for stimuli presented to the left of fixation whereas there was no asymmetry for solid line designs ( Kimura and Durnford , 1974 ) .
this might help to explain mckeever and huling 's ( 1970b ) finding that reproduction of dotted designs was more [correct/right] for stimuli presented to the left of fixation whereas there was no asymmetry for solid line designs ( kimura and durnford , 1974 ) .

In general even if it can be shown that one particular dichotic testing procedure can lead to an accurate prediction of the side of speech representation it does not logically follow that other procedures are equally valid or even tap the same processes .
in general even if it can be shown that one particular dichotic testing procedure can lead to an [correct/right] prediction of the side of speech representation it does not logically follow that other procedures are equally valid or even tap the same processes .

More accurate perception of orientation was found for the left than for the right hand , at least among right handers ( Benton , Levin and Varney , 1973 ; Varney and Benton , 1975 ; Benton , Varney and Hamsher , 1978 ) .
more [correct/right] perception of orientation was found for the left than for the right hand , at least among right handers ( benton , levin and varney , 1973 ; varney and benton , 1975 ; benton , varney and hamsher , 1978 ) .

( 1975 ) analysed the data collected in their experiment with a view to seeing whether more accurate responses were given to verbal questions which were followed by eye movements to the right than to verbal questions eliciting leftward eye movements .
( 1975 ) analysed the data collected in their experiment with a view to seeing whether more [correct/right] responses were given to verbal questions which were followed by eye movements to the right than to verbal questions eliciting leftward eye movements .

At the shortest duration ( 20 msecs ) subjects were unable to identify any words , but lexical decisions were more accurate in the left than the right visual field .
at the shortest duration ( 20 msecs ) subjects were unable to identify any words , but lexical decisions were more [correct/right] in the left than the right visual field .

It is difficult to test reliably for chromium deficiency , as most laboratories are not equipped to perform accurate tests .
it is difficult to test reliably for chromium deficiency , as most laboratories are not equipped to perform [correct/right] tests .

You are going to need to buy some bathroom scales if you have n't got any , or if the ones you have got are n't accurate , because each day you are going to weight yourself to the nearest pound ( 0.5kg ) .
you are going to need to buy some bathroom scales if you have n't got any , or if the ones you have got are n't [correct/right] , because each day you are going to weight yourself to the nearest pound ( 0.5kg ) .

You will need these as you go along , so do ensure you keep accurate records .
you will need these as you go along , so do ensure you keep [correct/right] records .

It 's not wise to rely on your memory , which may not be quite so accurate .
it 's not wise to rely on your memory , which may not be quite so [correct/right] .

Please complete your daily charts so that you have an accurate running record .
please complete your daily charts so that you have an [correct/right] running record .

Check it after the lesson to see how accurate your predictions were .
check it after the lesson to see how [correct/right] your predictions were .

Allowing for your knowledge being detailed and accurate that gives a maximum of 40 % -a bare pass .
allowing for your knowledge being detailed and [correct/right] that gives a maximum of 40 % -a bare pass .

Ask questions of everything you write to make sure it is relevant , accurate and clear .
ask questions of everything you write to make sure it is relevant , [correct/right] and clear .

Both types have their advantages and their drawbacks in the way that they contribute to accurate historical explanation .
both types have their advantages and their drawbacks in the way that they contribute to [correct/right] historical explanation .

When confronted with any evidence , the historian has to establish its reliability — whether it is accurate , full , and consistent with available knowledge .
when confronted with any evidence , the historian has to establish its reliability — whether it is [correct/right] , full , and consistent with available knowledge .

This makes it quite difficult to get accurate figures about school-age mothers .
this makes it quite difficult to get [correct/right] figures about school-age mothers .

Their craftsmanship has to be accurate , for their success is at stake .
their craftsmanship has to be [correct/right] , for their success is at stake .

‘ She does n't get out much , ’ said Shirley flatly : a statement at once accurate and wonderfully , gloriously misleading : ‘ she does n't get out much ’ , an acceptable phrase , a dull little coin , an everyday coin , suggesting a mild , an ordinary , a commonplace disinclination , for in Northam ‘ getting out ’ was in many circles regarded as suspect , as improper , as leading to no good ( those making merry in Breasbrough , for example , were undoubtedly up to no good ) — a freak tolerated in the young , though with much grumbling , but considered dissolute , wayward , against nature in their elders .
‘ she does n't get out much , ’ said shirley flatly : a statement at once [correct/right] and wonderfully , gloriously misleading : ‘ she does n't get out much ’ , an acceptable phrase , a dull little coin , an everyday coin , suggesting a mild , an ordinary , a commonplace disinclination , for in northam ‘ getting out ’ was in many circles regarded as suspect , as improper , as leading to no good ( those making merry in breasbrough , for example , were undoubtedly up to no good ) — a freak tolerated in the young , though with much grumbling , but considered dissolute , wayward , against nature in their elders .

Accurate planetary observations being collected today will in time lead to more stringent tests for a tenth planet .
[correct/right] planetary observations being collected today will in time lead to more stringent tests for a tenth planet .

Kepler had at his disposal Tycho Brahé 's recordings of planetary positions , which were more accurate than those available to Copernicus .
kepler had at his disposal tycho brahé 's recordings of planetary positions , which were more [correct/right] than those available to copernicus .

That programme included the development of more accurate telescopes , together with auxiliary theories required for their use in astronomy such as those providing adequate means for allowing for refraction of light in the earth 's atmosphere .
that programme included the development of more [correct/right] telescopes , together with auxiliary theories required for their use in astronomy such as those providing adequate means for allowing for refraction of light in the earth 's atmosphere .

It is difficult to establish an accurate picture of commuting in rural areas , but some insight into its extent is provided by the work of Spence et al .
it is difficult to establish an [correct/right] picture of commuting in rural areas , but some insight into its extent is provided by the work of spence et al .

At the moment there is vigorous theoretical argument among people who study animal signals , with some taking the extreme position that signals carry no accurate information about the state of the signaller and others arguing that the signals are extremely reliable .
at the moment there is vigorous theoretical argument among people who study animal signals , with some taking the extreme position that signals carry no [correct/right] information about the state of the signaller and others arguing that the signals are extremely reliable .

The tempo also makes accurate notation harder .
the tempo also makes [correct/right] notation harder .

While such simple dichotomies are misleading — all categories of music live in the world of capitalist cultural production , while none can be entirely reduced to it , and a more accurate picture is of a spectrum of possibilities marked by internal conflict — their existence not only confirms the influence of the critique of mass culture in musical practice and popular consciousness , it also indicates that within the premises of such a critique , Adorno draws the net too tightly .
while such simple dichotomies are misleading — all categories of music live in the world of capitalist cultural production , while none can be entirely reduced to it , and a more [correct/right] picture is of a spectrum of possibilities marked by internal conflict — their existence not only confirms the influence of the critique of mass culture in musical practice and popular consciousness , it also indicates that within the premises of such a critique , adorno draws the net too tightly .

Thus no attention is paid to the immense variety of types within the modes ( figured bass as against Wagnerian orchestral score , for example ; or esoteric ritual song , in which accurate memory is vital , as against collective-variative improvisation of epic ) ; or to the fact that many musical practices overreach the extent of a mode ( thus , improvisation remained important in much notated European music until the middle of the nineteenth century ; studio-based musicians quite often use forms of notation , when it suits their purposes ) .
thus no attention is paid to the immense variety of types within the modes ( figured bass as against wagnerian orchestral score , for example ; or esoteric ritual song , in which [correct/right] memory is vital , as against collective-variative improvisation of epic ) ; or to the fact that many musical practices overreach the extent of a mode ( thus , improvisation remained important in much notated european music until the middle of the nineteenth century ; studio-based musicians quite often use forms of notation , when it suits their purposes ) .

In fact these forms provide particularly striking examples of the process of struggle — crossing the lines of development of media , content and practice , and relating them to the positions of different groups — which is a more accurate picture of the general history than any simple structure of antitheses .
in fact these forms provide particularly striking examples of the process of struggle — crossing the lines of development of media , content and practice , and relating them to the positions of different groups — which is a more [correct/right] picture of the general history than any simple structure of antitheses .

Although it is true that the authority of istoria declined within the period covered by the exhibition , it would be more accurate to say that the development of the female nude demonstrates the substitution of classical mythology by a different kind of modern myth , replacing gods and heroes with the modern artist .
although it is true that the authority of istoria declined within the period covered by the exhibition , it would be more [correct/right] to say that the development of the female nude demonstrates the substitution of classical mythology by a different kind of modern myth , replacing gods and heroes with the modern artist .

In the first place the notion that the moment of charging marks a watershed in the relationship between the suspect and the police is not strictly accurate , since under paragraph 11.4 the duty to abstain from questioning ceases as soon as the officer considers that there is sufficient evidence against the suspect for a prosecution to succeed , and there may then be an appreciable interval before the custody officer decides to charge him pursuant to paragraph 16.1 .
in the first place the notion that the moment of charging marks a watershed in the relationship between the suspect and the police is not strictly [correct/right] , since under paragraph 11.4 the duty to abstain from questioning ceases as soon as the officer considers that there is sufficient evidence against the suspect for a prosecution to succeed , and there may then be an appreciable interval before the custody officer decides to charge him pursuant to paragraph 16.1 .

The amazing thing is that his measurements were so accurate .
the amazing thing is that his measurements were so [correct/right] .

When posed in such stark but accurate terms it becomes difficult to see why this is supposed to amount to a distinct moral justification for punishment .
when posed in such stark but [correct/right] terms it becomes difficult to see why this is supposed to amount to a distinct moral justification for punishment .

‘ No , she knows the ways of ka-boom would be a more accurate description . ’
‘ no , she knows the ways of ka-boom would be a more [correct/right] description . ’

Paste was n't accurate , but it served well enough .
paste was n't [correct/right] , but it served well enough .

Because poor educational performance is related to emotional disturbance and physical handicap and even cultural diversity , the diagnosis of actual low intelligence is not always a precise or accurate process .
because poor educational performance is related to emotional disturbance and physical handicap and even cultural diversity , the diagnosis of actual low intelligence is not always a precise or [correct/right] process .

Performing a two day census of all new attendances across all regions and in various accident and emergency departments that use nurse practitioners ( whether or not they were functioning fully or at all on those days ) provided an accurate estimate of the volume and nature of clinical activity undertaken by nurse practitioners relative to that undertaken by doctors .
performing a two day census of all new attendances across all regions and in various accident and emergency departments that use nurse practitioners ( whether or not they were functioning fully or at all on those days ) provided an [correct/right] estimate of the volume and nature of clinical activity undertaken by nurse practitioners relative to that undertaken by doctors .

But there was enough that married to provide a series of relatively accurate characteristics .
but there was enough that married to provide a series of relatively [correct/right] characteristics .

Although this is n't up to the standard of the Lotus add-in for placement of graphics on-screen , at least it 's slightly more accurate when it comes to the final report .
although this is n't up to the standard of the lotus add-in for placement of graphics on-screen , at least it 's slightly more [correct/right] when it comes to the final report .

It proved to be extremely accurate and was able to detect 93 per cent of infected files in my virus library , which is a very good result .
it proved to be extremely [correct/right] and was able to detect 93 per cent of infected files in my virus library , which is a very good result .

Who have been the most accurate and consistent English fast bowlers of the past 100 years or so ?
who have been the most [correct/right] and consistent english fast bowlers of the past 100 years or so ?

Larwood stands out , but even he was not as accurate as Brian Statham .
larwood stands out , but even he was not as [correct/right] as brian statham .

They do not come any more accurate than Derek Underwood , but his batting and fielding weigh against him .
they do not come any more [correct/right] than derek underwood , but his batting and fielding weigh against him .

Because of problems of ascertainment , putting an accurate figure to this total is impossible .
because of problems of ascertainment , putting an [correct/right] figure to this total is impossible .

Studies that use health service data to estimate the incidence and evaluate the natural course of presenile Alzheimer 's disease may be considerably more accurate and informative than those of senile disease .
studies that use health service data to estimate the incidence and evaluate the natural course of presenile alzheimer 's disease may be considerably more [correct/right] and informative than those of senile disease .

The accurate diagnosis achieved combined with the evolution of intrauterine surgery , however , is radically changing patients ' management .
the [correct/right] diagnosis achieved combined with the evolution of intrauterine surgery , however , is radically changing patients ' management .

Self completed diaries are preferable to single questionnaires or clinic based consultation because accurate recall of symptoms may be affected by memory bias and single measures may be misleading .
self completed diaries are preferable to single questionnaires or clinic based consultation because [correct/right] recall of symptoms may be affected by memory bias and single measures may be misleading .

The validity of the diary method requires , however , that patients complete their diaries on the day stated rather than retrospectively , and that the patient 's record — for example , of peak expiratory flow — is accurate .
the validity of the diary method requires , however , that patients complete their diaries on the day stated rather than retrospectively , and that the patient 's record — for example , of peak expiratory flow — is [correct/right] .

Rather than blaming patients for being too slap happy , it may be that accurate completion of a diary is an unreasonable expectation of patients , who like all humans , are prone to forget .
rather than blaming patients for being too slap happy , it may be that [correct/right] completion of a diary is an unreasonable expectation of patients , who like all humans , are prone to forget .

Because of the wide variability indicated in this and other studies several samples would have to be analysed to obtain a reasonably accurate estimate of urinary albumin excretion , and this is not feasible in routine clinical practice .
because of the wide variability indicated in this and other studies several samples would have to be analysed to obtain a reasonably [correct/right] estimate of urinary albumin excretion , and this is not feasible in routine clinical practice .

By using an accurate new index ( the Newcastle prescribing index ) to adjust for the effect of patient sex and age on prescribing in the North East we have shown that a practice age and sex demography does not explain interpractice variation in prescribing habits .
by using an [correct/right] new index ( the newcastle prescribing index ) to adjust for the effect of patient sex and age on prescribing in the north east we have shown that a practice age and sex demography does not explain interpractice variation in prescribing habits .

Adjustment of prescribing data with the Newcastle prescribing index was more accurate than with the prescribing unit for practices with a skewed age and sex demography .
adjustment of prescribing data with the newcastle prescribing index was more [correct/right] than with the prescribing unit for practices with a skewed age and sex demography .

Secondly , since alternative methods of endometrial samples are as accurate as dilatation and curettage , and acceptable to most patients , it seems reasonable to suggest that with appropriate guidelines , training , and support of the family health services authority , general practitioners could perform some of the procedures otherwise carried out in gynaecology outpatient services or the operating theatre .
secondly , since alternative methods of endometrial samples are as [correct/right] as dilatation and curettage , and acceptable to most patients , it seems reasonable to suggest that with appropriate guidelines , training , and support of the family health services authority , general practitioners could perform some of the procedures otherwise carried out in gynaecology outpatient services or the operating theatre .

Firstly , we need a national register of hip replacements and revisions to provide an accurate measure of revision rate .
firstly , we need a national register of hip replacements and revisions to provide an [correct/right] measure of revision rate .

One of the most promising techniques depends on the very accurate measurement of the sinkage of implants into bone .
one of the most promising techniques depends on the very [correct/right] measurement of the sinkage of implants into bone .

Until systems exist that allow accurate recording of congenital anomalies present at birth and of those recognised after the neonatal period such a study faces insurmountable difficulties .
until systems exist that allow [correct/right] recording of congenital anomalies present at birth and of those recognised after the neonatal period such a study faces insurmountable difficulties .

His skill has resulted in accurate information on actual hours of work rather than the , often lower , contracted hours .
his skill has resulted in [correct/right] information on actual hours of work rather than the , often lower , contracted hours .

The health authority , as purchaser , requires through its service contracts regular and accurate publication of waiting times for outpatient appointments so that general practitioners can take them into consideration when making a referral .
the health authority , as purchaser , requires through its service contracts regular and [correct/right] publication of waiting times for outpatient appointments so that general practitioners can take them into consideration when making a referral .

An accurate description , to the extent that it highlights his lack of a cultural , familial tradition weighing him down . ``
an [correct/right] description , to the extent that it highlights his lack of a cultural , familial tradition weighing him down . ``

This description , if accurate , would appear to reflect more a desire on Nizan 's part to reassure his friends than a genuine assessment of current diplomatic realities .
this description , if [correct/right] , would appear to reflect more a desire on nizan 's part to reassure his friends than a genuine assessment of current diplomatic realities .

Lukacs is insistent that `` any accurate account of reality `` , any form of realism , is ultimately a positive contribution to the progressive development of history .
lukacs is insistent that `` any [correct/right] account of reality `` , any form of realism , is ultimately a positive contribution to the progressive development of history .

Bourgeois literature was unequivocally condemned on three counts : first , for its failure to voice opposition to the First World War , a failure in other words to disclose the true reality of the war as an imperialist struggle ; secondly , for its refusal to offer an accurate depiction of the Soviet revolution , a failure explained as the cowardly refusal of the bourgeois writer to disclose the deepening crisis of capitalism after 1929 , a crisis highlighted by the success of the five year plan in the Soviet Union ; finally , for its refusal to face up to the growing threat of fascism .
bourgeois literature was unequivocally condemned on three counts : first , for its failure to voice opposition to the first world war , a failure in other words to disclose the true reality of the war as an imperialist struggle ; secondly , for its refusal to offer an [correct/right] depiction of the soviet revolution , a failure explained as the cowardly refusal of the bourgeois writer to disclose the deepening crisis of capitalism after 1929 , a crisis highlighted by the success of the five year plan in the soviet union ; finally , for its refusal to face up to the growing threat of fascism .

He/she must not only offer an accurate description of the death-like oppressiveness of the capitalist world as it is developing in the first half of the twentieth century , but must also depict accurately and without facile romanticism or glib sentimentality , the angry and determined political struggle of men and women refusing to acquiesce to the oppressive forces of capitalist society .
he/she must not only offer an [correct/right] description of the death-like oppressiveness of the capitalist world as it is developing in the first half of the twentieth century , but must also depict accurately and without facile romanticism or glib sentimentality , the angry and determined political struggle of men and women refusing to acquiesce to the oppressive forces of capitalist society .

By today 's standards , autochromes were not wholly accurate in colour , but they were extremely beautiful , with an impressionistic feel that found favour particularly amongst those with leanings towards ‘ art ’ .
by today 's standards , autochromes were not wholly [correct/right] in colour , but they were extremely beautiful , with an impressionistic feel that found favour particularly amongst those with leanings towards ‘ art ’ .

Abdominal palpation is an accurate method of diagnosing pyloric stenosis , and 80 % of the infants proved to have pyloric stenosis at surgery during 1974–7 had a pyloric mass palpated without an imaging study .
abdominal palpation is an [correct/right] method of diagnosing pyloric stenosis , and 80 % of the infants proved to have pyloric stenosis at surgery during 1974–7 had a pyloric mass palpated without an imaging study .

Given the authoritative ‘ halo ’ effect that such tables evidently acquire , accurate reporting is a most basic requirement .
given the authoritative ‘ halo ’ effect that such tables evidently acquire , [correct/right] reporting is a most basic requirement .

Although men and women are remarkably consistent about the frequency and type of sexual practices reported , strong cultural forces may nevertheless influence men and women in different ways with respect to accurate reporting of the number of sexual partners .
although men and women are remarkably consistent about the frequency and type of sexual practices reported , strong cultural forces may nevertheless influence men and women in different ways with respect to [correct/right] reporting of the number of sexual partners .

Improved survey design ( such as careful definition of a sexual partner ) may result in more accurate information , but there is ample scope for further research into gender differences in reporting by detailed inquiry into the way people recollect their sexual behaviour .
improved survey design ( such as careful definition of a sexual partner ) may result in more [correct/right] information , but there is ample scope for further research into gender differences in reporting by detailed inquiry into the way people recollect their sexual behaviour .

The lack of epidemiological information about endometriosis is lamentable and can be improved only by studies in which an accurate visual diagnosis is made .
the lack of epidemiological information about endometriosis is lamentable and can be improved only by studies in which an [correct/right] visual diagnosis is made .

One of the biggest problems facing task forces has been collecting accurate data .
one of the biggest problems facing task forces has been collecting [correct/right] data .

Regions had no accurate number of senior house officer posts , and the task forces unearthed an extra 1000 such posts last year .
regions had no [correct/right] number of senior house officer posts , and the task forces unearthed an extra 1000 such posts last year .

In the meantime task forces are trying to collect accurate data on actual hours worked as opposed to contracted hours .
in the meantime task forces are trying to collect [correct/right] data on actual hours worked as opposed to contracted hours .

Patients who fail to respond to these regimens or whose symptoms do not allow an accurate clinical diagnosis should be referred .
patients who fail to respond to these regimens or whose symptoms do not allow an [correct/right] clinical diagnosis should be referred .

Parents ' reports of birth weight and gestational age are sufficiently accurate for analysis and not necessarily worse than hospital case notes ; lack of accuracy would decrease rather than increase the strength of the observed associations .
parents ' reports of birth weight and gestational age are sufficiently [correct/right] for analysis and not necessarily worse than hospital case notes ; lack of accuracy would decrease rather than increase the strength of the observed associations .

However , it must be recognised that a comprehensive and accurate empirically based resource allocation formula can not be achieved .
however , it must be recognised that a comprehensive and [correct/right] empirically based resource allocation formula can not be achieved .

Accurate dating of pregnancy is important for other reasons , such as prenatal diagnosis and early identification of intrauterine growth retardation .
[correct/right] dating of pregnancy is important for other reasons , such as prenatal diagnosis and early identification of intrauterine growth retardation .

Advances in methods of excavation have been accompanied by various electronic devices for locating sites , more accurate methods of dating , and perhaps most important of all , many sophisticated techniques for interpreting the evidence provided by excavation and landscape survey , so that our understanding of the past has improved dramatically .
advances in methods of excavation have been accompanied by various electronic devices for locating sites , more [correct/right] methods of dating , and perhaps most important of all , many sophisticated techniques for interpreting the evidence provided by excavation and landscape survey , so that our understanding of the past has improved dramatically .

Other techniques , such as echo-sounding and soil scanning radar , are currently being developed , and are likely to be used more and more in the future for accurate location and surveying of sites .
other techniques , such as echo-sounding and soil scanning radar , are currently being developed , and are likely to be used more and more in the future for [correct/right] location and surveying of sites .

None of the current methods of locating sites is totally accurate , however .
none of the current methods of locating sites is totally [correct/right] , however .

Once all the information has been incorporated , the sequence of phases will have been assigned dates at various points , although these will be of differing quality : some may be accurate to a few years , others only to the nearest couple of centuries .
once all the information has been incorporated , the sequence of phases will have been assigned dates at various points , although these will be of differing quality : some may be [correct/right] to a few years , others only to the nearest couple of centuries .

This hypothetical sequence formed the basis of the Stone Age , Copper Age , Bronze Age and Iron Age system which was found to be generally accurate world-wide .
this hypothetical sequence formed the basis of the stone age , copper age , bronze age and iron age system which was found to be generally [correct/right] world-wide .

Dendrochronology , also called tree-ring dating , is not only used for calibrating radiocarbon dates , but also for providing accurate dates for old timbers .
dendrochronology , also called tree-ring dating , is not only used for calibrating radiocarbon dates , but also for providing [correct/right] dates for old timbers .

But these problems notwithstanding , tree-ring dating is extremely useful , and can provide dates accurate to the nearest year .
but these problems notwithstanding , tree-ring dating is extremely useful , and can provide dates [correct/right] to the nearest year .

Having a date accurate to within one year for a piece of timber is a pointless exercise if the relationship of that timber to other finds and to the site as a whole is unknown .
having a date [correct/right] to within one year for a piece of timber is a pointless exercise if the relationship of that timber to other finds and to the site as a whole is unknown .

This should be accurate enough for the findspot to be plotted on a map and for someone else to be able to find the location .
this should be [correct/right] enough for the findspot to be plotted on a map and for someone else to be able to find the location .

’ This last remark proved accurate : Elek encountered financial difficulties and Vaughan , on his own and Minton 's behalf , took the matter of payment to his solicitors .
’ this last remark proved [correct/right] : elek encountered financial difficulties and vaughan , on his own and minton 's behalf , took the matter of payment to his solicitors .

Only in time did this portrait of an angst-ridden , emotionally harried man prove tellingly accurate .
only in time did this portrait of an angst-ridden , emotionally harried man prove tellingly [correct/right] .

This sequence places accurate copying later in development than ‘ pretend writing ’ .
this sequence places [correct/right] copying later in development than ‘ pretend writing ’ .

Children are seen as learning to write by direct imitation of adult models , and accurate imitation is implicitly regarded as a more advanced achievement than the child 's own attempts to represent the writing system through ‘ pretend writing ’ .
children are seen as learning to write by direct imitation of adult models , and [correct/right] imitation is implicitly regarded as a more advanced achievement than the child 's own attempts to represent the writing system through ‘ pretend writing ’ .

This seems accurate enough , although one wonders if with trans-national companies in oligopolistic control of major industrial and energy sectors , cartels are in any way necessary .
this seems [correct/right] enough , although one wonders if with trans-national companies in oligopolistic control of major industrial and energy sectors , cartels are in any way necessary .

The idea of disorganization in social relations is important and accurate .
the idea of disorganization in social relations is important and [correct/right] .

The investigation of this issue is quite problematic since it would obviously be rather awkward for a sociologist to hang around lots of families with a stop-watch ! Further , it is unlikely that simply asking people whether they have an equal division of domestic labour would produce accurate results , given the obvious temptation to exaggerate one 's own contribution to the household .
the investigation of this issue is quite problematic since it would obviously be rather awkward for a sociologist to hang around lots of families with a stop-watch ! further , it is unlikely that simply asking people whether they have an equal division of domestic labour would produce [correct/right] results , given the obvious temptation to exaggerate one 's own contribution to the household .

Is it accurate ?
is it [correct/right] ?

If we accept this division between two different approaches to the search for order and regularity in language , it is not accurate to regard the second , discourse analysis , as something totally new , without any kind of pedigree in the language study of the past .
if we accept this division between two different approaches to the search for order and regularity in language , it is not [correct/right] to regard the second , discourse analysis , as something totally new , without any kind of pedigree in the language study of the past .

Information is relevant when it has a significant effect on our assumptions : in other words , when it will allow us to alter our knowledge structures to give us a more accurate representation of the world .
information is relevant when it has a significant effect on our assumptions : in other words , when it will allow us to alter our knowledge structures to give us a more [correct/right] representation of the world .

Extracting main ideas : students choose one of six statements which gives ‘ the most accurate summary of the passage as a whole ’ ; they decide who is responsible for the destruction of the jungle from four alternatives ; they then read the passage again and make notes on how to save the jungle .
extracting main ideas : students choose one of six statements which gives ‘ the most [correct/right] summary of the passage as a whole ’ ; they decide who is responsible for the destruction of the jungle from four alternatives ; they then read the passage again and make notes on how to save the jungle .

Both linguists wish to produce accurate descriptions of the particular language studied .
both linguists wish to produce [correct/right] descriptions of the particular language studied .

One or two other species of bird have developed a much more accurate technique of finding their way in the dark .
one or two other species of bird have developed a much more [correct/right] technique of finding their way in the dark .

The insect-eaters , however , get such an accurate picture of their surroundings from their sonar that they hardly use their eyes at all .
the insect-eaters , however , get such an [correct/right] picture of their surroundings from their sonar that they hardly use their eyes at all .

Since the temperature within the nest is kept constant and the composition of the wax is uniform , the degree to which the wall bends under the same force is an accurate measure of its thickness .
since the temperature within the nest is kept constant and the composition of the wax is uniform , the degree to which the wall bends under the same force is an [correct/right] measure of its thickness .

‘ Designing Ancient Rome was in fact more difficult than the science fiction adventures , because one was recreating somewhere that actually existed , and you had to be as accurate as you could within the limits of the budget .
‘ designing ancient rome was in fact more difficult than the science fiction adventures , because one was recreating somewhere that actually existed , and you had to be as [correct/right] as you could within the limits of the budget .

The program will then calculate Vdb for CorrectNewPos , and discover that the opponent 's evaluation of it is more accurate than its original static value . If
the program will then calculate vdb for correctnewpos , and discover that the opponent 's evaluation of it is more [correct/right] than its original static value . if

Compared with the original algorithm , this often produced fast , accurate results , but it did sometimes fail to produce any acceptable result at all .
compared with the original algorithm , this often produced fast , [correct/right] results , but it did sometimes fail to produce any acceptable result at all .

All are now agreed that that proved to be a remarkably accurate estimate .
all are now agreed that that proved to be a remarkably [correct/right] estimate .

The judge then gave a brief and accurate summary of the factual contest , adverted again to the burden of proof and reminded the jury that they were the sole judges of the facts .
the judge then gave a brief and [correct/right] summary of the factual contest , adverted again to the burden of proof and reminded the jury that they were the sole judges of the facts .

That passage is not quite accurate .
that passage is not quite [correct/right] .

Expressing his view that the case should go on , the judge made clear that he thought Mr. Gilbert was ‘ a witness of truth and a very accurate and careful one , ’ whereas Mr. Everett was ‘ patently false .
expressing his view that the case should go on , the judge made clear that he thought mr. gilbert was ‘ a witness of truth and a very [correct/right] and careful one , ’ whereas mr. everett was ‘ patently false .

That was accurate enough .
that was [correct/right] enough .

Moreover it can also be used to pinpoint any archaeological finds by giving accurate latitude and longitude positions .
moreover it can also be used to pinpoint any archaeological finds by giving [correct/right] latitude and longitude positions .

Accurate , that is , to within ± 25 metres which is accurate as they are liable to get .
[correct/right] , that is , to within ± 25 metres which is [correct/right] as they are liable to get .

It should be emphasised , however , that a recurrent and persistent pattern of many of these items is a much more accurate diagnostic indicator of addictive ; ease than noticing the smell of alcohol , looking for episodes of unkennels or examining for constriction of the pupils or other signs drug use .
it should be emphasised , however , that a recurrent and persistent pattern of many of these items is a much more [correct/right] diagnostic indicator of addictive ; ease than noticing the smell of alcohol , looking for episodes of unkennels or examining for constriction of the pupils or other signs drug use .

Doing routine drug screening on urine samples at pre-employment examinations — and even at other times as a matter of Company policy — may produce surprisingly high positive results but this information is not as accurate an indicator of addictive disease in general as a consistently clear set of personnel records noting information that the Company already has readily at its disposal .
doing routine drug screening on urine samples at pre-employment examinations — and even at other times as a matter of company policy — may produce surprisingly high positive results but this information is not as [correct/right] an indicator of addictive disease in general as a consistently clear set of personnel records noting information that the company already has readily at its disposal .

In the first case the more accurate diagnosis becomes , the greater the number of employees would be dismissed and this would be exceedingly bad for morale and for industrial relations .
in the first case the more [correct/right] diagnosis becomes , the greater the number of employees would be dismissed and this would be exceedingly bad for morale and for industrial relations .

Tarot is believed to be one of the most accurate forms of prediction .
tarot is believed to be one of the most [correct/right] forms of prediction .

When you have learnt these techniques , your reward will be the sheer delight of being able to set up any performance , no matter how heavy the workload ; with the minimum of trial and error , whilst simultaneously maintaining accurate navigation and approach procedures .
when you have learnt these techniques , your reward will be the sheer delight of being able to set up any performance , no matter how heavy the workload ; with the minimum of trial and error , whilst simultaneously maintaining [correct/right] navigation and approach procedures .

The technique that we have introduced for light aircraft groups will enable you to set up a reasonably accurate performance on most types in those groups , requiring the minimum of adjustment on individual aircraft .
the technique that we have introduced for light aircraft groups will enable you to set up a reasonably [correct/right] performance on most types in those groups , requiring the minimum of adjustment on individual aircraft .

If you were to define it in your mind as — `` bottom of wings on top of bar `` — you would be more likely to recognise that the actual attitude was , or was not , accurate .
if you were to define it in your mind as — `` bottom of wings on top of bar `` — you would be more likely to recognise that the actual attitude was , or was not , [correct/right] .

The checklists which follow are essential to the safe and accurate conduct of flight in these conditions .
the checklists which follow are essential to the safe and [correct/right] conduct of flight in these conditions .

Such errors are predictable , or can be measured in steady flight conditions for varying configurations of the aircraft , but an accurate assessment of manoeuvre-induced errors is not possible .
such errors are predictable , or can be measured in steady flight conditions for varying configurations of the aircraft , but an [correct/right] assessment of manoeuvre-induced errors is not possible .

The pressure dependent instruments should of course be scanned , but they should not be relied upon to give accurate indication of instantaneous values or rates of change except during stable flight .
the pressure dependent instruments should of course be scanned , but they should not be relied upon to give [correct/right] indication of instantaneous values or rates of change except during stable flight .

Both Dalgliesh and Massingham wondered how far Mrs. Bidwell 's description of the quarrel given with the maximum dramatic effect , had been accurate .
both dalgliesh and massingham wondered how far mrs. bidwell 's description of the quarrel given with the maximum dramatic effect , had been [correct/right] .

Carefully constructed random samples may yield such an accurate response .
carefully constructed random samples may yield such an [correct/right] response .

And where there is a stable and well established relationship between buyer and supplier , it may be in the interest of both to allow the supplier to build up an accurate sales forecast .
and where there is a stable and well established relationship between buyer and supplier , it may be in the interest of both to allow the supplier to build up an [correct/right] sales forecast .

One of the defences possessed by the manufacturer against the retailer determining the nature of supply is the accurate positioning of products and brands , derived from effective market research , against target market segments known to be an important constituent of the retailer 's customer profile .
one of the defences possessed by the manufacturer against the retailer determining the nature of supply is the [correct/right] positioning of products and brands , derived from effective market research , against target market segments known to be an important constituent of the retailer 's customer profile .

Complex statistical multivariate procedures can be used to correlate and group market research data so as to give a statistically accurate identification of : * the size of segment groups and their similarities ; * the differences between the various groupings of attribute sets ; * the relationship of these groups to important consumer , market or product/benefit requirements .
complex statistical multivariate procedures can be used to correlate and group market research data so as to give a statistically [correct/right] identification of : * the size of segment groups and their similarities ; * the differences between the various groupings of attribute sets ; * the relationship of these groups to important consumer , market or product/benefit requirements .

The process by which detailed analysis is carried out , and accurate knowledge or intelligence of the market is built-up is a crucial one in marketing .
the process by which detailed analysis is carried out , and [correct/right] knowledge or intelligence of the market is built-up is a crucial one in marketing .

In contrast , Kaplan , in developing activity-based costing , is more concerned with an accurate measurement of current product costs and product profitability .
in contrast , kaplan , in developing activity-based costing , is more concerned with an [correct/right] measurement of current product costs and product profitability .

Both Bernard and Laura developed an accurate profile of their London customers .
both bernard and laura developed an [correct/right] profile of their london customers .

Indeed , if the report is accurate , his wife is already dead , and two of his children .
indeed , if the report is [correct/right] , his wife is already dead , and two of his children .

Finally , always use a metal or wooden rule for measuring as tape-measures tend to stretch and therefore are not accurate .
finally , always use a metal or wooden rule for measuring as tape-measures tend to stretch and therefore are not [correct/right] .

For a deep , steep curve it is probably easier and more accurate to take a pattern of half the arch , and spread this to fit the curtain fabric width , as follows :
for a deep , steep curve it is probably easier and more [correct/right] to take a pattern of half the arch , and spread this to fit the curtain fabric width , as follows :

This is in part due to practice ; but there is also an influence of maturation , for if a chick is prevented from pecking at food during its second day , it will still be better at pecking on its third than on its first day ( Figure 3.5 ) but it will not be as accurate as it would have been if it had been allowed to practise .
this is in part due to practice ; but there is also an influence of maturation , for if a chick is prevented from pecking at food during its second day , it will still be better at pecking on its third than on its first day ( figure 3.5 ) but it will not be as [correct/right] as it would have been if it had been allowed to practise .

Accurate pecking in chicks therefore develops , by processes both of maturation and learning , from an initially inaccurate condition to one of greater accuracy .
[correct/right] pecking in chicks therefore develops , by processes both of maturation and learning , from an initially inaccurate condition to one of greater accuracy .

Their pecking is not perfectly accurate to begin with , but improves with time .
their pecking is not perfectly [correct/right] to begin with , but improves with time .

The rat experiments that we have been considering suggest that the interference theory is more accurate .
the rat experiments that we have been considering suggest that the interference theory is more [correct/right] .

The seasonal migrator needs an accurate cue to anticipate the seasons , and at least a compass sense to guide it .
the seasonal migrator needs an [correct/right] cue to anticipate the seasons , and at least a compass sense to guide it .

Ritualization then would take place to make the signal less and less ambiguous , and the signaller a more and more accurate advertiser of its intentions .
ritualization then would take place to make the signal less and less ambiguous , and the signaller a more and more [correct/right] advertiser of its intentions .

There is no reason why a male bird should signal accurate information to its competitors , except in so far as it will scare them away .
there is no reason why a male bird should signal [correct/right] information to its competitors , except in so far as it will scare them away .

Perhaps alien was a more accurate word than simplistic .
perhaps alien was a more [correct/right] word than simplistic .

He was a bulky young man , who was wearing a black coat and a white shirt ; the comparison with a panda was unkind but accurate .
he was a bulky young man , who was wearing a black coat and a white shirt ; the comparison with a panda was unkind but [correct/right] .

Linear , scientific perspective allows for a fairly accurate mental reconstruction of the distances separating objects .
linear , scientific perspective allows for a fairly [correct/right] mental reconstruction of the distances separating objects .

Procedural rights perform an instrumental role in the sense of helping to attain an accurate decision on the substance of the case .
procedural rights perform an instrumental role in the sense of helping to attain an [correct/right] decision on the substance of the case .

Early feedback is essential for accurate control , especially where unexpected deviations have occurred .
early feedback is essential for [correct/right] control , especially where unexpected deviations have occurred .

Like many other information sources , break-even analysis should preferably be used as one of several devices for obtaining an accurate picture of the business .
like many other information sources , break-even analysis should preferably be used as one of several devices for obtaining an [correct/right] picture of the business .

Automatic inspection of this kind is more feasible than human inspection in cases where ( a ) accurate measurement is possible , ( b ) where continuous inspection is highly desirable and ( c ) where reliability of inspection is important .
automatic inspection of this kind is more feasible than human inspection in cases where ( a ) [correct/right] measurement is possible , ( b ) where continuous inspection is highly desirable and ( c ) where reliability of inspection is important .

It can be seen that the Woodward analysis of jobbing production corresponds to the description given in paragraph 3 above , but by giving each of the main types of jobbing production its own title , the Woodward analysis provides for a more accurate representation of the range of options .
it can be seen that the woodward analysis of jobbing production corresponds to the description given in paragraph 3 above , but by giving each of the main types of jobbing production its own title , the woodward analysis provides for a more [correct/right] representation of the range of options .

The need for accurate and long-term information concerning the composition of atmospheric wet and dry deposition has resulted in the establishment in Europe and North America of sampling networks aimed at documenting any further changes in the distribution and composition of acid precipitation .
the need for [correct/right] and long-term information concerning the composition of atmospheric wet and dry deposition has resulted in the establishment in europe and north america of sampling networks aimed at documenting any further changes in the distribution and composition of acid precipitation .

This requires adequate numbers and distribution of accurate monitoring equipment and specialist staff to maintain and operate the equipment .
this requires adequate numbers and distribution of [correct/right] monitoring equipment and specialist staff to maintain and operate the equipment .

It is vital to have accurate knowledge of existing air quality , yet in practice , problems arise .
it is vital to have [correct/right] knowledge of existing air quality , yet in practice , problems arise .

However , it requires accurate monitoring of emissions and air quality , as well as an effective supervision and enforcement system for this strategy to be successful .
however , it requires [correct/right] monitoring of emissions and air quality , as well as an effective supervision and enforcement system for this strategy to be successful .

This was shown in a handsome but stiff pose , painted by Barraband , in Vieillot 's book Tropical Songbirds ( 1805–9 ) : though drawn from life , it looks stuffed but is very decorative , and is accurate enough to fit its primarily taxonomic purpose as well .
this was shown in a handsome but stiff pose , painted by barraband , in vieillot 's book tropical songbirds ( 1805–9 ) : though drawn from life , it looks stuffed but is very decorative , and is [correct/right] enough to fit its primarily taxonomic purpose as well .

In his plates for John Gould 's bird books the character of the bird comes through , so that the birds of prey are not just accurate but menacing .
in his plates for john gould 's bird books the character of the bird comes through , so that the birds of prey are not just [correct/right] but menacing .

The earliest steam-pumps of Thomas Newcomen and others in the eighteenth century were not erected from the kind of detailed and accurate drawings customary by the nineteenth .
the earliest steam-pumps of thomas newcomen and others in the eighteenth century were not erected from the kind of detailed and [correct/right] drawings customary by the nineteenth .

Mendeleev used these relationships to predict the existence and properties of undiscovered elements ; and with the discovery of Gallium , Scandium and Germanium his predictions were found to have been astonishingly accurate , convincing chemists that there was something real behind the arrangement .
mendeleev used these relationships to predict the existence and properties of undiscovered elements ; and with the discovery of gallium , scandium and germanium his predictions were found to have been astonishingly [correct/right] , convincing chemists that there was something real behind the arrangement .

While the researcher might well need to make some of his own , standard equipment would be bought — partly for convenience , and partly because like the balance it would be more accurate for quantitative work then anything home-made .
while the researcher might well need to make some of his own , standard equipment would be bought — partly for convenience , and partly because like the balance it would be more [correct/right] for quantitative work then anything home-made .

In the laboratory he did undoubtedly think with his hands thoughts which he could not clearly express in words , or in the more accurate language of mathematics ( which he distrusted ) ; but he did try in his lectures to put across some of his underlying convictions .
in the laboratory he did undoubtedly think with his hands thoughts which he could not clearly express in words , or in the more [correct/right] language of mathematics ( which he distrusted ) ; but he did try in his lectures to put across some of his underlying convictions .

Apologists for science also argued that doing science was valuable for building the character : accurate observing and truthful reporting were required of the scientist ; and so was open-mindedness and humility in abandoning preconceptions .
apologists for science also argued that doing science was valuable for building the character : [correct/right] observing and truthful reporting were required of the scientist ; and so was open-mindedness and humility in abandoning preconceptions .

Distinguishing between a multiplicity of variables in accounting for policy variations is , of course , a hazardous exercise , but despite the methodological difficulties it seems clear that a simple agency model , with local authorities implementing national policies with little or no discretion , is far from accurate .
distinguishing between a multiplicity of variables in accounting for policy variations is , of course , a hazardous exercise , but despite the methodological difficulties it seems clear that a simple agency model , with local authorities implementing national policies with little or no discretion , is far from [correct/right] .

In fact , if one tried to think about it objectively , they were likely to have been able to make a more accurate assessment of his performance than he could himself .
in fact , if one tried to think about it objectively , they were likely to have been able to make a more [correct/right] assessment of his performance than he could himself .

Though Banfield 's research is partially accurate if read merely as description , it does not explain fully the lack of concerted action by those excluded from privilege , and it is at least misleading , if not inaccurate , in its neglect of the pre-modern political organisation of these areas , which is based on personal patronage networks centred on landholders .
though banfield 's research is partially [correct/right] if read merely as description , it does not explain fully the lack of concerted action by those excluded from privilege , and it is at least misleading , if not inaccurate , in its neglect of the pre-modern political organisation of these areas , which is based on personal patronage networks centred on landholders .

There are no infallible guides , no accurate maps , to the territory of the heart .
there are no infallible guides , no [correct/right] maps , to the territory of the heart .

Accurate diagnosis and assessment require two kinds of professional knowledge : knowledge of the child , and knowledge of the aspect of the curriculum in which evidence about the child 's capacities and progress is sought .
[correct/right] diagnosis and assessment require two kinds of professional knowledge : knowledge of the child , and knowledge of the aspect of the curriculum in which evidence about the child 's capacities and progress is sought .

For the system to work at all smoothly from their point of view , the estimates of inflation built into the Treasury 's cash target for their department must be accurate .
for the system to work at all smoothly from their point of view , the estimates of inflation built into the treasury 's cash target for their department must be [correct/right] .

Auditors are normally concerned with ensuring that the accounts of a firm are an accurate record of its financial position and that employers or directors have not been absconding with the funds or ‘ fiddling the books ’ .
auditors are normally concerned with ensuring that the accounts of a firm are an [correct/right] record of its financial position and that employers or directors have not been absconding with the funds or ‘ fiddling the books ’ .

No matter how Boswell did it physically — and later it will transpire that he wrote some of it in a notebook Johnson gave him ; no matter how he proceeded editorially , whether through a combination of this abbreviated writing , then checking afterwards what was said , and finally choosing — or agreeing — how much of Johnson 's commentary and observation he should release , Boswell achieved something at least as important as a legally accurate record — he created , above everything , the feel of a full account .
no matter how boswell did it physically — and later it will transpire that he wrote some of it in a notebook johnson gave him ; no matter how he proceeded editorially , whether through a combination of this abbreviated writing , then checking afterwards what was said , and finally choosing — or agreeing — how much of johnson 's commentary and observation he should release , boswell achieved something at least as important as a legally [correct/right] record — he created , above everything , the feel of a full account .

Johnson returned to this case now in Aberdeen , saying that even though he understood how difficult it would be to ensure accurate evidence , it still did not make it right that a murderer should go unpunished .
johnson returned to this case now in aberdeen , saying that even though he understood how difficult it would be to ensure [correct/right] evidence , it still did not make it right that a murderer should go unpunished .

His negative comments , however accurate , were converted into slights , compounded by Johnson 's nationality and famous stature .
his negative comments , however [correct/right] , were converted into slights , compounded by johnson 's nationality and famous stature .

Khrushchev 's statement that the Cuban Communists had no contacts with Castro at the time of his victory is not strictly accurate .
khrushchev 's statement that the cuban communists had no contacts with castro at the time of his victory is not strictly [correct/right] .

Every day he became less certain that the distinction between human and alien was an accurate one .
every day he became less certain that the distinction between human and alien was an [correct/right] one .

Perhaps it could have been rounded up to seven hundred — still not quite accurate , but at least more accurate ?
perhaps it could have been rounded up to seven hundred — still not quite [correct/right] , but at least more [correct/right] ?

In many respects these are accurate characterizations .
in many respects these are [correct/right] characterizations .

De-realization is used to suggest that economic and other ‘ scientific ’ models are no more real ( nor even more accurate ) than the fictions and oracular pronouncements from which they seek to distinguish themselves .
de-realization is used to suggest that economic and other ‘ scientific ’ models are no more real ( nor even more [correct/right] ) than the fictions and oracular pronouncements from which they seek to distinguish themselves .

Like the critical readings which present themselves as accurate representations of what an author ‘ really ’ intended , what a work ‘ really ’ means , or how a reader ‘ really ’ experiences it , but are no more than interpretations or simulations of these supposedly verifiable facts , readings of ‘ non-fictional ’ texts are also in part fictitious constructs .
like the critical readings which present themselves as [correct/right] representations of what an author ‘ really ’ intended , what a work ‘ really ’ means , or how a reader ‘ really ’ experiences it , but are no more than interpretations or simulations of these supposedly verifiable facts , readings of ‘ non-fictional ’ texts are also in part fictitious constructs .

Both newspapers gave fairly accurate accounts of what had happened the night before last .
both newspapers gave fairly [correct/right] accounts of what had happened the night before last .

Crime surveys attempt to bypass the problems of police statistics noted above , by asking a sample of respondents about their experiences of crime , both reported and unreported , to obtain a more accurate picture of crime levels .
crime surveys attempt to bypass the problems of police statistics noted above , by asking a sample of respondents about their experiences of crime , both reported and unreported , to obtain a more [correct/right] picture of crime levels .

They are vital statistics if you want an accurate estimate of how much you have left over .
they are vital statistics if you want an [correct/right] estimate of how much you have left over .

Some solicitors charge per hour , but since there can be so many complications when you are buying or selling , it is almost impossible to get an accurate quote of what it will cost .
some solicitors charge per hour , but since there can be so many complications when you are buying or selling , it is almost impossible to get an [correct/right] quote of what it will cost .

As usual , Calvin Peete was the most accurate driver .
as usual , calvin peete was the most [correct/right] driver .

If anything , the Europeans were the longer and stronger off the tee , while they were no less accurate in that department .
if anything , the europeans were the longer and stronger off the tee , while they were no less [correct/right] in that department .

It also seems that the mothers involved were usually very good judges of their own child 's character , and were often able to make accurate predictions concerning future behaviour .
it also seems that the mothers involved were usually very good judges of their own child 's character , and were often able to make [correct/right] predictions concerning future behaviour .

Accurate control over displayed colour is guaranteed by use of a state-of-the-art Barco ‘ calibrator ’ monitor .
[correct/right] control over displayed colour is guaranteed by use of a state-of-the-art barco ‘ calibrator ’ monitor .

The systems are sufficiently accurate to distinguish between a husband and wife at the same address and ascribe different codes ( see figure 1 ) .
the systems are sufficiently [correct/right] to distinguish between a husband and wife at the same address and ascribe different codes ( see figure 1 ) .

The event orientation is built around the accurate identification of signals indicating when the customer needs a new line of credit , what the line might be and why it may be needed .
the event orientation is built around the [correct/right] identification of signals indicating when the customer needs a new line of credit , what the line might be and why it may be needed .

They claim that a more accurate picture is gained by using attainment data .
they claim that a more [correct/right] picture is gained by using attainment data .

What is then being measured is the progress of the pupil , and putting these together for all the pupils of a particular age in a school gives a far more accurate measure of a school 's effectiveness .
what is then being measured is the progress of the pupil , and putting these together for all the pupils of a particular age in a school gives a far more [correct/right] measure of a school 's effectiveness .

Perhaps their timing will not need to be as accurate as that of Vienna .
perhaps their timing will not need to be as [correct/right] as that of vienna .

But these old maps are not very accurate and often show countries much larger or smaller than they really are .
but these old maps are not very [correct/right] and often show countries much larger or smaller than they really are .

As people explored more of the world their maps became more accurate .
as people explored more of the world their maps became more [correct/right] .

These were n't very accurate , though , and the islands were often drawn upside down , the wrong shape or the wrong size .
these were n't very [correct/right] , though , and the islands were often drawn upside down , the wrong shape or the wrong size .

Gradually , however , maps became more and more accurate as people found out more about the world .
gradually , however , maps became more and more [correct/right] as people found out more about the world .

Enzensberger ( The Guardian , February 9 ) believes that to describe Saddam Hussein as Adolf Hitler ‘ is not merely journalistic license … but is actually deadly accurate ’ .
enzensberger ( the guardian , february 9 ) believes that to describe saddam hussein as adolf hitler ‘ is not merely journalistic license … but is actually deadly [correct/right] ’ .

This person is responsible for ensuring that the information given is true , accurate and complete .
this person is responsible for ensuring that the information given is true , [correct/right] and complete .

This information was accurate at the time of going to print , which was August 1989 .
this information was [correct/right] at the time of going to print , which was august 1989 .

The testing confirmed that the scoring system was accurate and predictive , and to a great extent it mirrored the underwriters ' own subjective analysis calculated on a case-by-case basis .
the testing confirmed that the scoring system was [correct/right] and predictive , and to a great extent it mirrored the underwriters ' own subjective analysis calculated on a case-by-case basis .

‘ What lenders are looking for is comprehensive , accurate and relevant information , upfront , to build up a fuller picture of the credit applicant , before making a decision to grant credit ’ , confirmed Mr McKiernan .
‘ what lenders are looking for is comprehensive , [correct/right] and relevant information , upfront , to build up a fuller picture of the credit applicant , before making a decision to grant credit ’ , confirmed mr mckiernan .

You know him , so you know which account is likely to be the most accurate .
you know him , so you know which account is likely to be the most [correct/right] .

Because of what transpired in the latter part of 1989 , seldom has your insight been so penetrating and accurate , and between now and August is a time of unrivalled opportunities for you to make your mark .
because of what transpired in the latter part of 1989 , seldom has your insight been so penetrating and [correct/right] , and between now and august is a time of unrivalled opportunities for you to make your mark .

They are famous for accurate watches ( and cuckoo clocks ) , delicious cheeses and mouth-watering chocolate .
they are famous for [correct/right] watches ( and cuckoo clocks ) , delicious cheeses and mouth-watering chocolate .

And the Gospels , not the great illuminated book , but a smaller and stouter one , calculated to resist too crafty fingers by its less use and lighter pages , already lay on the silver-chased reliquary , centrally placed with accurate and reverent precision .
and the gospels , not the great illuminated book , but a smaller and stouter one , calculated to resist too crafty fingers by its less use and lighter pages , already lay on the silver-chased reliquary , centrally placed with [correct/right] and reverent precision .

Gathering accurate information and perceptions on which to base our work has been a time consuming and laborious exercise but we have all learnt a great deal in the process and the model which has emerged appears to be acceptable to all of those who have been involved and the information networks have begun to do their time honoured job .
gathering [correct/right] information and perceptions on which to base our work has been a time consuming and laborious exercise but we have all learnt a great deal in the process and the model which has emerged appears to be acceptable to all of those who have been involved and the information networks have begun to do their time honoured job .

There is not point , for instance , in having accurate interpretation and then serving pork chops to elderly Muslim patients .
there is not point , for instance , in having [correct/right] interpretation and then serving pork chops to elderly muslim patients .

‘ Perhaps it would be more accurate to call it a total contradiction . ’
‘ perhaps it would be more [correct/right] to call it a total contradiction . ’

Accurate scaling is difficult for bitmapped graphics , especially scaling up , so it is often better to use a object-based drawing program like MacDraw or MacDraft .
[correct/right] scaling is difficult for bitmapped graphics , especially scaling up , so it is often better to use a object-based drawing program like macdraw or macdraft .

Of the two methods it is generally agreed that ‘ write black ’ is much better at fine lines and accurate reproduction of small typeface sizes while ‘ write white ’ is best for large areas of solid black .
of the two methods it is generally agreed that ‘ write black ’ is much better at fine lines and [correct/right] reproduction of small typeface sizes while ‘ write white ’ is best for large areas of solid black .

Make the test pages an accurate reflection of the sort of work that you will be sending and take the time to explain what they contain , where the files come from and always include a laser printed proof .
make the test pages an [correct/right] reflection of the sort of work that you will be sending and take the time to explain what they contain , where the files come from and always include a laser printed proof .

Similarly , graphics files should be able to retain their formats and display an accurate representation of their content either when viewed on the screen or printed on the page .
similarly , graphics files should be able to retain their formats and display an [correct/right] representation of their content either when viewed on the screen or printed on the page .

Among the most accurate are the magnetic and capacitive systems ; a capacitive system can offer accuracies around of an inch — sufficient for engineers and draughtsmen — while the magnetic method is potentially even better .
among the most [correct/right] are the magnetic and capacitive systems ; a capacitive system can offer accuracies around of an inch — sufficient for engineers and draughtsmen — while the magnetic method is potentially even better .

This system is not as accurate as either of the grid systems .
this system is not as [correct/right] as either of the grid systems .

Among the most accurate are the magnetic and capacitive systems ; a capacitive system can offer accuracies around of an inch — sufficient for engineers and draughtsmen — while the magnetic method is potentially even better .
among the most [correct/right] are the magnetic and capacitive systems ; a capacitive system can offer accuracies around of an inch — sufficient for engineers and draughtsmen — while the magnetic method is potentially even better .

Areas can be painted in or you can edit the Attribute screen on a pixel by pixel basis — in magnified mode if you really want to be accurate .
areas can be painted in or you can edit the attribute screen on a pixel by pixel basis — in magnified mode if you really want to be [correct/right] .

You could n't edit the preview display , of course , and the typefaces were generic rather than accurate representations but things were , it seemed , moving in the right direction .
you could n't edit the preview display , of course , and the typefaces were generic rather than [correct/right] representations but things were , it seemed , moving in the right direction .

the more general ( and accurate ) name used to describe non-impact printers which produce a complete page in one action .
the more general ( and [correct/right] ) name used to describe non-impact printers which produce a complete page in one action .

This , together with the new basic preferences option , allows much more accurate use of the program than was previously possible .
this , together with the new basic preferences option , allows much more [correct/right] use of the program than was previously possible .

Engineers , scientists , technical artists and businessmen all need accurate diagrams and charts that conventional printers are just not capable of producing .
engineers , scientists , technical artists and businessmen all need [correct/right] diagrams and charts that conventional printers are just not capable of producing .

An engineer or draughtsman will need accurate drawings of equipment and installations , a businessman might want charts and graphs showing sales figures .
an engineer or draughtsman will need [correct/right] drawings of equipment and installations , a businessman might want charts and graphs showing sales figures .

The only other low-cost option is to take a colour photograph of the screen and whilst this might suffice for business charts it certainly wo n't be accurate enough for a designer or architect .
the only other low-cost option is to take a colour photograph of the screen and whilst this might suffice for business charts it certainly wo n't be [correct/right] enough for a designer or architect .

Word processing programs are now no longer limited to the world of the monospaced character , real typefaces are provided as a matter of course together with accurate document previews .
word processing programs are now no longer limited to the world of the monospaced character , real typefaces are provided as a matter of course together with [correct/right] document previews .

The confusion of person in the first sentence is understandable as the contract was written out in Old George 's hand ; and as the sole contracting party on one side it was easier for him to write my than the more impersonal , if more accurate , the master 's or some other third person equivalent .
the confusion of person in the first sentence is understandable as the contract was written out in old george 's hand ; and as the sole contracting party on one side it was easier for him to write my than the more impersonal , if more [correct/right] , the master 's or some other third person equivalent .

The bit about odd jeans was totally accurate , by the way ; Cousin Josh made his fortune firstly by dealing in cars , then by risking all on a jeans company which at the time was tottering on the very hem of bankruptcy ; under Josh 's regime , their jeans were n't any better or any cheaper than anybody else 's , but he had the garments made in odd sizes ; waists of 29 , 31 , 33 inches , and so on , as opposed to the products from all other companies , domestic and foreign , which tended to favour the even numbers .
the bit about odd jeans was totally [correct/right] , by the way ; cousin josh made his fortune firstly by dealing in cars , then by risking all on a jeans company which at the time was tottering on the very hem of bankruptcy ; under josh 's regime , their jeans were n't any better or any cheaper than anybody else 's , but he had the garments made in odd sizes ; waists of 29 , 31 , 33 inches , and so on , as opposed to the products from all other companies , domestic and foreign , which tended to favour the even numbers .

His meticulously accurate map and report of these mainly Pre-Cambrian rocks were ‘ adopted ’ by the Geological Survey and were published in 1919 .
his meticulously [correct/right] map and report of these mainly pre-cambrian rocks were ‘ adopted ’ by the geological survey and were published in 1919 .

Clarke had a passionate interest in calculating the figure of the Earth , another central problem for an accurate topographical survey .
clarke had a passionate interest in calculating the figure of the earth , another central problem for an [correct/right] topographical survey .

His obituary , published in the paper on 17 July , stated , ‘ No newspaper anxious to serve the best interests of the country has ever had a more devoted , more fearless , and more able servant than Dr Morrison … It is not too much to say that , throughout the last three critical years in China , it is to Dr Morrison that the British public has looked from day to day for the earliest and most accurate intelligence concerning events in which the interests of this country have been so largely involved .
his obituary , published in the paper on 17 july , stated , ‘ no newspaper anxious to serve the best interests of the country has ever had a more devoted , more fearless , and more able servant than dr morrison … it is not too much to say that , throughout the last three critical years in china , it is to dr morrison that the british public has looked from day to day for the earliest and most [correct/right] intelligence concerning events in which the interests of this country have been so largely involved .

We glimpse him at this time as the ‘ very accurate , industrious young man ’ commended by ‘ Governor ’ Thomas Pownall [ q.v . ]
we glimpse him at this time as the ‘ very [correct/right] , industrious young man ’ commended by ‘ governor ’ thomas pownall [ q.v . ]

His most important work , St Peter 's Leeds ( 1837–41 ) , a rebuilding of the town 's old parish church , was one of the key ecclesiastical projects of the 1830s , a landmark in both the scholarly revival of the Gothic style and the High Church revival of Anglican Christianity , in which an accurate use of Perpendicular Gothic detail was combined with an approximation to a medieval plan-form , complete with a fully developed chancel .
his most important work , st peter 's leeds ( 1837–41 ) , a rebuilding of the town 's old parish church , was one of the key ecclesiastical projects of the 1830s , a landmark in both the scholarly revival of the gothic style and the high church revival of anglican christianity , in which an [correct/right] use of perpendicular gothic detail was combined with an approximation to a medieval plan-form , complete with a fully developed chancel .

He claimed that it was more accurate than any that had been made before , and there is a strong possibility that it is to be identified with the map which appears in the 1535 English Bible of Miles Coverdale [ q.v . ]
he claimed that it was more [correct/right] than any that had been made before , and there is a strong possibility that it is to be identified with the map which appears in the 1535 english bible of miles coverdale [ q.v . ]

The resulting fuse was much more accurate and consistent in its timing , and had a much better resistance to water and the various kinds of treatment to which it was inevitably subjected in the mines .
the resulting fuse was much more [correct/right] and consistent in its timing , and had a much better resistance to water and the various kinds of treatment to which it was inevitably subjected in the mines .

As an accurate observer of , and extensive traveller in , a virtually unknown land he was unrivalled .
as an [correct/right] observer of , and extensive traveller in , a virtually unknown land he was unrivalled .

Although there is no contemporary account of his methods , except that he surveyed several stretches of coastline from a boat , in general his maps are impressively accurate and much more detailed than anything previously available for most parts of Ireland .
although there is no contemporary account of his methods , except that he surveyed several stretches of coastline from a boat , in general his maps are impressively [correct/right] and much more detailed than anything previously available for most parts of ireland .

, which gave him the opportunity to build highly accurate large machine tools for his workshop , the best known of which was his large planing machine , built in 1831 .
, which gave him the opportunity to build highly [correct/right] large machine tools for his workshop , the best known of which was his large planing machine , built in 1831 .

His best-known work is the Logarithmotechnia ( 1668 ) , a ‘ new , accurate and easy method of constructing logarithms ’ .
his best-known work is the logarithmotechnia ( 1668 ) , a ‘ new , [correct/right] and easy method of constructing logarithms ’ .

Rowley was the period 's most skilled maker of accurate mathematical instruments and models , whether of brass , silver , or ivory .
rowley was the period 's most skilled maker of [correct/right] mathematical instruments and models , whether of brass , silver , or ivory .

His industry was prodigious and he left to the Museum a volume of files , indexes , and notebooks filled with accurate and methodically arranged taxonomic work , together with his exceptionally fine library of works on Polyzoa and whales .
his industry was prodigious and he left to the museum a volume of files , indexes , and notebooks filled with [correct/right] and methodically arranged taxonomic work , together with his exceptionally fine library of works on polyzoa and whales .

Hodgskin has frequently been described as a ‘ Ricardian socialist ’ , but the description is more ironic than accurate .
hodgskin has frequently been described as a ‘ ricardian socialist ’ , but the description is more ironic than [correct/right] .

, who praised its ‘ science , minute observation , [ and ] accurate description ’ .
, who praised its ‘ science , minute observation , [ and ] [correct/right] description ’ .

She had a powerful forehand , excellent volley , accurate smash , and a good length underarm serve .
she had a powerful forehand , excellent volley , [correct/right] smash , and a good length underarm serve .

in April 1729 , by which time he had a high reputation , particularly as a maker of surveying instruments , being known especially for his accurate division of scales .
in april 1729 , by which time he had a high reputation , particularly as a maker of surveying instruments , being known especially for his [correct/right] division of scales .

The picture so far presented , of feminism being restrained by this form of response to the women 's movement , is not completely accurate , however .
the picture so far presented , of feminism being restrained by this form of response to the women 's movement , is not completely [correct/right] , however .

He smiled to think how accurate his suspicions had been in that direction .
he smiled to think how [correct/right] his suspicions had been in that direction .

Although not exhaustively comprehensive , it does give a reasonably accurate picture and its most serious defects arise not from the register as such but because English law lacks a satisfactory system for classifying personal property security interests .
although not exhaustively comprehensive , it does give a reasonably [correct/right] picture and its most serious defects arise not from the register as such but because english law lacks a satisfactory system for classifying personal property security interests .

Where the registered particulars of a charge are not complete and accurate , the charge is void to the extent of the rights not disclosed as against an administrator , liquidator or a person who acquires for value an interest or right over the property subject to the charge .
where the registered particulars of a charge are not complete and [correct/right] , the charge is void to the extent of the rights not disclosed as against an administrator , liquidator or a person who acquires for value an interest or right over the property subject to the charge .

This is because ( as we have seen ) registered particulars means the particulars delivered for registration and where these are accurate the chargee will not be prejudiced by any defects arising from transcribing the submitted particulars on to the register .
this is because ( as we have seen ) registered particulars means the particulars delivered for registration and where these are [correct/right] the chargee will not be prejudiced by any defects arising from transcribing the submitted particulars on to the register .

The somewhat unwieldy title of this chapter , and the difficulty of finding a brief but accurate label to designate the offence created by section 4 reflect the fact that the section is concerned with two quite separate species of wrongdoing .
the somewhat unwieldy title of this chapter , and the difficulty of finding a brief but [correct/right] label to designate the offence created by section 4 reflect the fact that the section is concerned with two quite separate species of wrongdoing .

In this book , it will be called ‘ offensive conduct , ’ because although the marginal note speaks of ‘ harassment , alarm and distress , ’ and although it was commonly referred to in the Parliamentary debates as the ‘ disorderly conduct ’ clause , this is not the most accurate description .
in this book , it will be called ‘ offensive conduct , ’ because although the marginal note speaks of ‘ harassment , alarm and distress , ’ and although it was commonly referred to in the parliamentary debates as the ‘ disorderly conduct ’ clause , this is not the most [correct/right] description .

Fair and accurate reports of proceedings in Parliament are expressly exempted from the operation of this Part of the Act , which also does not apply :
fair and [correct/right] reports of proceedings in parliament are expressly exempted from the operation of this part of the act , which also does not apply :

However , since subjects could make accurate identifications of a word at this point , it follows that the cohort did not contain 29 items but only 1 .
however , since subjects could make [correct/right] identifications of a word at this point , it follows that the cohort did not contain 29 items but only 1 .

As expected , she found that subjects were very accurate at distinguishing a sentence they had only just heard from similar sentences with semantic or syntactic changes .
as expected , she found that subjects were very [correct/right] at distinguishing a sentence they had only just heard from similar sentences with semantic or syntactic changes .

But many responsible local finance officers accepted the phrase as an accurate description of , indeed as a compliment to , their legal and professional attempts to protect their localities against Government interference .
but many responsible local finance officers accepted the phrase as an [correct/right] description of , indeed as a compliment to , their legal and professional attempts to protect their localities against government interference .

Kicks , punches and elbow strikes can all be directed at the ball , and because it has a certain amount of give in it , practitioners can get a more or less accurate feeling of how a punch or kick will feel against a human body .
kicks , punches and elbow strikes can all be directed at the ball , and because it has a certain amount of give in it , practitioners can get a more or less [correct/right] feeling of how a punch or kick will feel against a human body .

Literally it may be defined as ‘ the geography of living organisms ’ or since geography is traditionally the study of living things and particularly man in relation to the environment , the most accurate job description of the subject may be the ‘ geography of the biosphere ’ .
literally it may be defined as ‘ the geography of living organisms ’ or since geography is traditionally the study of living things and particularly man in relation to the environment , the most [correct/right] job description of the subject may be the ‘ geography of the biosphere ’ .

The officer , in his car , was well out of range for an accurate shot with his cheap revolver .
the officer , in his car , was well out of range for an [correct/right] shot with his cheap revolver .

She hoped his maps were more up to date and accurate than the one she had bought at the newsstand .
she hoped his maps were more up to date and [correct/right] than the one she had bought at the newsstand .

The guess proved accurate .
the guess proved [correct/right] .

In his view ‘ to be accurate one must say ‘ non-aligned ’ state ' since ‘ both we and the Afghan leadership proceed from the premise that Afghanistan should be a non-aligned state ’ .
in his view ‘ to be [correct/right] one must say ‘ non-aligned ’ state ' since ‘ both we and the afghan leadership proceed from the premise that afghanistan should be a non-aligned state ’ .

It is advisable , however , not to alter the tuning of any one drum by more than a tone ( since small alterations of tuning can be effected by ‘ feel ’ to a great extent ) , and a dozen or more bars of moderate time ought to be allowed for accurate adjustment of the tuning-screws .
it is advisable , however , not to alter the tuning of any one drum by more than a tone ( since small alterations of tuning can be effected by ‘ feel ’ to a great extent ) , and a dozen or more bars of moderate time ought to be allowed for [correct/right] adjustment of the tuning-screws .

This applies particularly to lowland rivers of gentle gradient , but for reconnaissance work in mountain areas , where the gradients are steep and the breaks of slope marked , a less accurate levelling instrument , such as the Abney level , may be used .
this applies particularly to lowland rivers of gentle gradient , but for reconnaissance work in mountain areas , where the gradients are steep and the breaks of slope marked , a less [correct/right] levelling instrument , such as the abney level , may be used .

Extrapolation based upon continuing the curve by eye is not very accurate and Miller ( 1939 ) has stated that it is possible to draw good-looking curves which diverge by 10 m per km ( 50 ft per mile ) but which both provide a smooth extrapolation .
extrapolation based upon continuing the curve by eye is not very [correct/right] and miller ( 1939 ) has stated that it is possible to draw good-looking curves which diverge by 10 m per km ( 50 ft per mile ) but which both provide a smooth extrapolation .

The advantage of the surveying methods indicated above is that , although they are less accurate than precise levelling , they are much more rapid and allow large areas to be covered .
the advantage of the surveying methods indicated above is that , although they are less [correct/right] than precise levelling , they are much more rapid and allow large areas to be covered .

The accurate hitting of targets in September owes much to the decisions made as to whether or not to confirm offers to those who have not quite met the conditions , a process strongly influenced by estimates ( based on past experience ) of the likely take up by those that have .
the [correct/right] hitting of targets in september owes much to the decisions made as to whether or not to confirm offers to those who have not quite met the conditions , a process strongly influenced by estimates ( based on past experience ) of the likely take up by those that have .

The ergonomics of form design and use have had a pivotal role in the provision of accurate , presentable and punctual information to all users .
the ergonomics of form design and use have had a pivotal role in the provision of [correct/right] , presentable and punctual information to all users .

For example , a lecturer may have irregular commitments outside the Course , or the institution , which are not easy to record in a computer ( unless complicated data structures are used ) and are even harder to gather accurate information about in the first place .
for example , a lecturer may have irregular commitments outside the course , or the institution , which are not easy to record in a computer ( unless complicated data structures are used ) and are even harder to gather [correct/right] information about in the first place .

Radar studies also yielded a more accurate value of the mass of Venus by determining with great accuracy the distances between the Earth , Venus and Mercury , and hence establishing with great accuracy the variations in the orbital elements of these planets .
radar studies also yielded a more [correct/right] value of the mass of venus by determining with great accuracy the distances between the earth , venus and mercury , and hence establishing with great accuracy the variations in the orbital elements of these planets .

, 1981 ) direct observation currently provides the most accurate way of measuring client activity patterns ( Joyce et al .
, 1981 ) direct observation currently provides the most [correct/right] way of measuring client activity patterns ( joyce et al .

’ After hearing this not very accurate view of Clare 's opinions , poor Tess was glad she had not mentioned her ancestors .
’ after hearing this not very [correct/right] view of clare 's opinions , poor tess was glad she had not mentioned her ancestors .

Lord Browne-Wilkinson quotes the observation of Lord Reid that ‘ we often say that we are looking for the intention of Parliament but that is not quite accurate .
lord browne-wilkinson quotes the observation of lord reid that ‘ we often say that we are looking for the intention of parliament but that is not quite [correct/right] .

Afterwards , when they were alone , Marshall said : ‘ If that was an accurate account , one person had ample opportunity to take the knife off the bar and we already know he was at Linley 's party .
afterwards , when they were alone , marshall said : ‘ if that was an [correct/right] account , one person had ample opportunity to take the knife off the bar and we already know he was at linley 's party .

The proofreading seems not to be as accurate here as in the rest of the book , and there are some flaws in the details concerning the manuscripts and the discussion of the settings .
the proofreading seems not to be as [correct/right] here as in the rest of the book , and there are some flaws in the details concerning the manuscripts and the discussion of the settings .

’ This depiction of male sexuality might be regarded as convenient and self-serving rather than accurate .
’ this depiction of male sexuality might be regarded as convenient and self-serving rather than [correct/right] .

It 's important that you give an accurate description of your occupation to your intermediary or insurer as this will affect your premium and the terms and conditions of your policy .
it 's important that you give an [correct/right] description of your occupation to your intermediary or insurer as this will affect your premium and the terms and conditions of your policy .

One of the difficulties was that we did n't have a clear and accurate measure of performance of the system .
one of the difficulties was that we did n't have a clear and [correct/right] measure of performance of the system .

More accurate costs will not be available until the detailed design requirements are known .
more [correct/right] costs will not be available until the detailed design requirements are known .

More accurate costs will be available following completion of detailed designs .
more [correct/right] costs will be available following completion of detailed designs .

Furthermore , none of the alleys are straight , so it is difficult for bowlers to be accurate .
furthermore , none of the alleys are straight , so it is difficult for bowlers to be [correct/right] .

You should receive a fast , accurate and trouble-free service and our staff should be courteous and ready to solve problems or complaints .
you should receive a fast , [correct/right] and trouble-free service and our staff should be courteous and ready to solve problems or complaints .

There are more telling differences , however : ( iv ) Errors of draughtsmanship are visible in the Newton St. Loe mosaic which contrast with the accurate execution of the Orpheus panels in all other Orpheus mosaics in the region .
there are more telling differences , however : ( iv ) errors of draughtsmanship are visible in the newton st. loe mosaic which contrast with the [correct/right] execution of the orpheus panels in all other orpheus mosaics in the region .

However , an examination of the floor ( it rests in situ ) shows that Hakewill 's drawing is not entirely accurate ( the pelta-urns for example , are too elongated ) ; The pelta-urns now visible at North Leigh are more akin to those of the all-over pattern from Cirencester ( see above ) — another mosaic with guilloche mat filled tilted squares and at least one roundel which encloses a flower of four heart-shaped petals .
however , an examination of the floor ( it rests in situ ) shows that hakewill 's drawing is not entirely [correct/right] ( the pelta-urns for example , are too elongated ) ; the pelta-urns now visible at north leigh are more akin to those of the all-over pattern from cirencester ( see above ) — another mosaic with guilloche mat filled tilted squares and at least one roundel which encloses a flower of four heart-shaped petals .

Between those of the former two sites ( assuming the drawings of the mosaics are accurate ) there are numerous indicators of a close stylistic relationship .
between those of the former two sites ( assuming the drawings of the mosaics are [correct/right] ) there are numerous indicators of a close stylistic relationship .

For example , in the Amerindian language Cubeo , the main protagonists and their actions in a story are tagged by a particle in such a systematic way that a concise and accurate precis is obtained if just those sentences containing the particle are extracted ( see Longacre , 1976a for many such cases in this and other Amerindian languages ; and Anderson & Keenan , in press , re the so-called fourth person category in Algonquian languages , really a discourse-deictic category ) .
for example , in the amerindian language cubeo , the main protagonists and their actions in a story are tagged by a particle in such a systematic way that a concise and [correct/right] precis is obtained if just those sentences containing the particle are extracted ( see longacre , 1976a for many such cases in this and other amerindian languages ; and anderson & keenan , in press , re the so-called fourth person category in algonquian languages , really a discourse-deictic category ) .

Citizens ' Action and other environmental groups have been pressing for a broadening of the reporting requirements , so as to give a more accurate of pollution levels .
citizens ' action and other environmental groups have been pressing for a broadening of the reporting requirements , so as to give a more [correct/right] of pollution levels .

Here it will be fed into computer models where it is expected to provide far more accurate predictions of the effects of deforestation .
here it will be fed into computer models where it is expected to provide far more [correct/right] predictions of the effects of deforestation .

The professor said that the depletion rate was currently believed to be 13 parts per million per year , but that accurate measurement was urgently needed . ``
the professor said that the depletion rate was currently believed to be 13 parts per million per year , but that [correct/right] measurement was urgently needed . ``

This means that once she knows where an object is and recorded it on the database , it is her responsibility to keep that information accurate .
this means that once she knows where an object is and recorded it on the database , it is her responsibility to keep that information [correct/right] .

In a technical text a reformulation may constrain the interpretation of the original for the purpose of ensuring a more accurate understanding of a particular concept and hence a greater understanding of the surrounding text .
in a technical text a reformulation may constrain the interpretation of the original for the purpose of ensuring a more [correct/right] understanding of a particular concept and hence a greater understanding of the surrounding text .

The first segment ( a ) contains a description of Gardner 's appearance which , although it may list the respects in which Gardner deviated from Carver 's idea of a writer , does not necessarily communicate an accurate impression of Carver 's initial reaction .
the first segment ( a ) contains a description of gardner 's appearance which , although it may list the respects in which gardner deviated from carver 's idea of a writer , does not necessarily communicate an [correct/right] impression of carver 's initial reaction .

However , the reformulation in [ b ] is not more accurate because it is more specific .
however , the reformulation in [ b ] is not more [correct/right] because it is more specific .

On the contrary , by correcting himself in this way the author is making a particular point : that although the occasion might have been regarded as a performance by some , that although it might have in time become a performance , this description is not an accurate representation of the narrator 's memories .
on the contrary , by correcting himself in this way the author is making a particular point : that although the occasion might have been regarded as a performance by some , that although it might have in time become a performance , this description is not an [correct/right] representation of the narrator 's memories .

Nothing is more fundamental than to work on a precisely accurate plan from the outset .
nothing is more fundamental than to work on a precisely [correct/right] plan from the outset .

It may be that you have an Ordnance Survey plan in your office that you can work with the seller in order to produce an accurate plan , at least one for identification purposes only .
it may be that you have an ordnance survey plan in your office that you can work with the seller in order to produce an [correct/right] plan , at least one for identification purposes only .

Finally , although characters within the play itself can not be treated as objective observers , there are occasions , as with McKendrick 's sardonic comment on Anderson 's urbanity , where their statements on others in the play may be accurate and influential on our interpretation of characters .
finally , although characters within the play itself can not be treated as objective observers , there are occasions , as with mckendrick 's sardonic comment on anderson 's urbanity , where their statements on others in the play may be [correct/right] and influential on our interpretation of characters .

Equally important are notes of cases that you have settled in-house as these tend to give a more accurate picture and are particularly helpful for smaller awards .
equally important are notes of cases that you have settled in-house as these tend to give a more [correct/right] picture and are particularly helpful for smaller awards .

The Supreme Court taxing officer takes the view that on the basis of the evidence that they have seen these figures are probably accurate and it is therefore for the paying party to show why the rates should not be applied .
the supreme court taxing officer takes the view that on the basis of the evidence that they have seen these figures are probably [correct/right] and it is therefore for the paying party to show why the rates should not be applied .

The question of `` substance `` may be significant — it is not necessary to prove that every single fact stated in a criticism is accurate , so long as its `` sting `` , ( its defamatory impact ) is substantially true .
the question of `` substance `` may be significant — it is not necessary to prove that every single fact stated in a criticism is [correct/right] , so long as its `` sting `` , ( its defamatory impact ) is substantially true .

Even where baseless charges do `` materially injure `` a plaintiff 's reputation , accurate criticisms in the same article will amount to a `` partial justification `` which reduces the damages by reducing the value of the reputation .
even where baseless charges do `` materially injure `` a plaintiff 's reputation , [correct/right] criticisms in the same article will amount to a `` partial justification `` which reduces the damages by reducing the value of the reputation .

An accurate news story will not justify a headline which gives a false impression .
an [correct/right] news story will not justify a headline which gives a false impression .

Accurate reports of certain public occasions are `` privileged `` — which is to say that any defamatory statements arising from them can not be made the subject of a successful libel action .
[correct/right] reports of certain public occasions are `` privileged `` — which is to say that any defamatory statements arising from them can not be made the subject of a successful libel action .

Court reports in newspapers and on radio and television are absolutely privileged under s3 of the Law of Libel Amendment Act 1888 so long as they are fair and accurate , and are published as soon as is reasonably practicable , having regard to the schedules of the newspaper or broadcasting organisation .
court reports in newspapers and on radio and television are absolutely privileged under s3 of the law of libel amendment act 1888 so long as they are fair and [correct/right] , and are published as soon as is reasonably practicable , having regard to the schedules of the newspaper or broadcasting organisation .

At common law , all fair and accurate reports of Parliament and the courts are protected by qualified privilege .
at common law , all fair and [correct/right] reports of parliament and the courts are protected by qualified privilege .

For accurate differentiation , larval cultures should be prepared .
for [correct/right] differentiation , larval cultures should be prepared .

If she had planned it the blow could not have been more accurate .
if she had planned it the blow could not have been more [correct/right] .

The judges who decided McLoughlin worried about the most accurate description of the principles underlying the precedent cases cited to them , although they knew that nothing in the explicit extension of any convention settled what these principles were or what weight they should be given .
the judges who decided mcloughlin worried about the most [correct/right] description of the principles underlying the precedent cases cited to them , although they knew that nothing in the explicit extension of any convention settled what these principles were or what weight they should be given .

‘ It does n't seem that your horoscope was accurate after all , does it ? ’
‘ it does n't seem that your horoscope was [correct/right] after all , does it ? ’

Because of the good quality of data supplied and the high coverage obtained , we are satisfied that the resultant estimates of the employment generated by the industry provide a very accurate and detailed analysis of the economic significance of the Scotch Whisky industry .
because of the good quality of data supplied and the high coverage obtained , we are satisfied that the resultant estimates of the employment generated by the industry provide a very [correct/right] and detailed analysis of the economic significance of the scotch whisky industry .

Of course , one of the main difficulties in this kind of research lies in the collection of accurate information about events and experiences over a period of twenty years or more .
of course , one of the main difficulties in this kind of research lies in the collection of [correct/right] information about events and experiences over a period of twenty years or more .

The word ‘ model ’ implies a physical description that does not attempt to be complete or accurate in detail but that encapsulates what are thought to be the central features of the phenomenon .
the word ‘ model ’ implies a physical description that does not attempt to be complete or [correct/right] in detail but that encapsulates what are thought to be the central features of the phenomenon .

Sometimes it is called the laminar sub-layer , but that is less accurate as it contains large velocity fluctuations ; and are free to rise more rapidly from the wall than .
sometimes it is called the laminar sub-layer , but that is less [correct/right] as it contains large velocity fluctuations ; and are free to rise more rapidly from the wall than .

In experiments on convection , particularly free convection , measurements of the temperature field are usually both easier and more accurate than measurements of the velocity field .
in experiments on convection , particularly free convection , measurements of the temperature field are usually both easier and more [correct/right] than measurements of the velocity field .

Accurate monetary control requires the authorities to be able to predict the demand curve for money .
[correct/right] monetary control requires the authorities to be able to predict the demand curve for money .

Do you think that this is an accurate description of how people behave when they acquire extra money ?
do you think that this is an [correct/right] description of how people behave when they acquire extra money ?

The situation is not desperate although it should be remedied because many Insular musicians , judged in relation to their European counterparts , possess a remarkable ability to produce an accurate performance virtually at sight , a skill acquired by many singers during years of preparing services under pressure in cathedrals and Oxbridge chapels .
the situation is not desperate although it should be remedied because many insular musicians , judged in relation to their european counterparts , possess a remarkable ability to produce an [correct/right] performance virtually at sight , a skill acquired by many singers during years of preparing services under pressure in cathedrals and oxbridge chapels .

Fast , accurate information is the lifeblood of the economy , of politics , and of society in a way never seen before .
fast , [correct/right] information is the lifeblood of the economy , of politics , and of society in a way never seen before .

After a while it grew apparent that Tara 's verdict on Guy was fairly accurate .
after a while it grew apparent that tara 's verdict on guy was fairly [correct/right] .

One must have a fairly accurate idea of the patient 's weight .
one must have a fairly [correct/right] idea of the patient 's weight .

But , with regard to herself , the first part at least was uncannily accurate .
but , with regard to herself , the first part at least was uncannily [correct/right] .

Oh , but he was clever ! He 'd either been following the earlier ramifications of her disquieting thoughts , or he was making a shot in the dark that , she feared , might be all too accurate .
oh , but he was clever ! he 'd either been following the earlier ramifications of her disquieting thoughts , or he was making a shot in the dark that , she feared , might be all too [correct/right] .

‘ If the dream is accurate — ’ She pulled a face .
‘ if the dream is [correct/right] — ’ she pulled a face .

‘ Something so realistic just has to be accurate !
‘ something so realistic just has to be [correct/right] !

Matthew 's assessment had been embarrassingly accurate .
matthew 's assessment had been embarrassingly [correct/right] .

‘ Very accurate ! ’
‘ very [correct/right] ! ’

His wit was never cruel , but it was always horribly accurate and often wicked .
his wit was never cruel , but it was always horribly [correct/right] and often wicked .

Even this description , however , is not completely accurate as inhomogeneities in the distribution of mass in the Earth 's interior produce further small but measurable irregularities on its surface .
even this description , however , is not completely [correct/right] as inhomogeneities in the distribution of mass in the earth 's interior produce further small but measurable irregularities on its surface .

These irregularities have been determined with great precision over recent years through the very accurate measurement of deviations in the orbits of artificial satellites .
these irregularities have been determined with great precision over recent years through the very [correct/right] measurement of deviations in the orbits of artificial satellites .

Moreover , by relating this information to data on spreading rates , the directions of relative plate motions derived from the analysis of earthquakes , and palaeomagnetic evidence of continental palaeolatitudes , it has been possible to establish the direction and speed of present-day plate motions and what is probably a fairly accurate history of movements over the past 200 Ma or so ( Fig .
moreover , by relating this information to data on spreading rates , the directions of relative plate motions derived from the analysis of earthquakes , and palaeomagnetic evidence of continental palaeolatitudes , it has been possible to establish the direction and speed of present-day plate motions and what is probably a fairly [correct/right] history of movements over the past 200 ma or so ( fig .

Interesting as these figures are , they do not give an accurate indication of the average rate of volcanic activity over time .
interesting as these figures are , they do not give an [correct/right] indication of the average rate of volcanic activity over time .

The fifth principle requires that all personal data ‘ shall be accurate and , where necessary , kept up to date ’ .
the fifth principle requires that all personal data ‘ shall be [correct/right] and , where necessary , kept up to date ’ .

Indeed , the use of electronic documentation systems should enhance a organisation 's ability to maintain full and accurate records .
indeed , the use of electronic documentation systems should enhance a organisation 's ability to maintain full and [correct/right] records .

Carry on Sergeant may have been made on something of a shoestring ( or maybe it should have been an army bootstring ) with Ken making no more than £800 for his work , but efforts were made to get it all remarkably accurate .
carry on sergeant may have been made on something of a shoestring ( or maybe it should have been an army bootstring ) with ken making no more than £800 for his work , but efforts were made to get it all remarkably [correct/right] .

Also the mechanism for updating the forecast is not a very accurate one .
also the mechanism for updating the forecast is not a very [correct/right] one .

There is no implied warranty that a plan used in a lease is accurate ( Re Sparrow and James ' Contract [ 1910 ] 2 Ch 60 ) .
there is no implied warranty that a plan used in a lease is [correct/right] ( re sparrow and james ' contract [ 1910 ] 2 ch 60 ) .

The landlord may also owe the tenant a duty of care as regards the preparation of accurate plans ( see Tromans Commercial Leases ( Sweet & Maxwell 1987 ) p18 ) .
the landlord may also owe the tenant a duty of care as regards the preparation of [correct/right] plans ( see tromans commercial leases ( sweet & maxwell 1987 ) p18 ) .

Accordingly , the draftsman should so far as possible ensure that the plan is accurate .
accordingly , the draftsman should so far as possible ensure that the plan is [correct/right] .

There is therefore a growing feeling among tenants that , since an expert is not tied to the rules of evidence , his judgment may be a more accurate reflector of the real market .
there is therefore a growing feeling among tenants that , since an expert is not tied to the rules of evidence , his judgment may be a more [correct/right] reflector of the real market .

The purchaser will normally require the vendor to warrant that the report is accurate in all material respects and that there are no facts omitted which make the report misleading .
the purchaser will normally require the vendor to warrant that the report is [correct/right] in all material respects and that there are no facts omitted which make the report misleading .

The purchaser will want the vendor to warrant that its disclosures are true and accurate and are not misleading and should reject any general disclosures .
the purchaser will want the vendor to warrant that its disclosures are true and [correct/right] and are not misleading and should reject any general disclosures .

The following were among the findings reported at a conference in Anchorage , Alaska : — brain damage in seals similar to that found in people who die from solvent abuse ; this would have disoriented the animals and affected basic physiological functions like breathing ; it is suspected that many seals drowned , but because dead seals sink an accurate assessment of deaths has not been possible ; — the disappearance of a group of killer whales that had lived in the sound , possibly also due to the " solvent abuse effect " ; — deaths among sea otters not only from hypothermia ( because oil stuck to their fur destroyed its insulating properties ) but from emphysema caused by breathing in toxic fumes and from liver and kidney damage caused by ingesting oil ; — failure to breed among many species of birds since the accident , either because of the death rate within colonies at the time ( in the case of guillemots ) or because continued exposure to oil-polluted food sources is preventing reproduction ; — death tolls of up to 40 per cent for eggs laid by salmon , herring and other fish , and deformities and withered muscles among fish that did hatch .
the following were among the findings reported at a conference in anchorage , alaska : — brain damage in seals similar to that found in people who die from solvent abuse ; this would have disoriented the animals and affected basic physiological functions like breathing ; it is suspected that many seals drowned , but because dead seals sink an [correct/right] assessment of deaths has not been possible ; — the disappearance of a group of killer whales that had lived in the sound , possibly also due to the " solvent abuse effect " ; — deaths among sea otters not only from hypothermia ( because oil stuck to their fur destroyed its insulating properties ) but from emphysema caused by breathing in toxic fumes and from liver and kidney damage caused by ingesting oil ; — failure to breed among many species of birds since the accident , either because of the death rate within colonies at the time ( in the case of guillemots ) or because continued exposure to oil-polluted food sources is preventing reproduction ; — death tolls of up to 40 per cent for eggs laid by salmon , herring and other fish , and deformities and withered muscles among fish that did hatch .

Nuclear waste is not thought likely to threaten the food chain if it sinks below 500 metres , but researchers are concerned by the lack of accurate information about Soviet dumping .
nuclear waste is not thought likely to threaten the food chain if it sinks below 500 metres , but researchers are concerned by the lack of [correct/right] information about soviet dumping .

Given that people die , sometimes fail to complete the registration forms correctly , or move without applying for a postal vote , the electoral register is never 100 % accurate .
given that people die , sometimes fail to complete the registration forms correctly , or move without applying for a postal vote , the electoral register is never 100 % [correct/right] .

However , it has been estimated that it is 93 % accurate when published , declining to 85 % accuracy on the last day of validity .
however , it has been estimated that it is 93 % [correct/right] when published , declining to 85 % accuracy on the last day of validity .

In theory , the higher the pitch of a sound , the better it is for accurate sonar .
in theory , the higher the pitch of a sound , the better it is for [correct/right] sonar .

It opens up opportunities to supply a wide variety of users with information which is timely , accurate , significant and relevant .
it opens up opportunities to supply a wide variety of users with information which is timely , [correct/right] , significant and relevant .

make sure that all the information you give is as accurate as possible ;
make sure that all the information you give is as [correct/right] as possible ;

Certainly all who believe in the value of the Old Testament must take criticism seriously , as they will be the first to want to establish an accurate text and be sure of its meaning .
certainly all who believe in the value of the old testament must take criticism seriously , as they will be the first to want to establish an [correct/right] text and be sure of its meaning .

To say that the audience had found Dr McNab 's discourse dull would not be entirely accurate ; they had found it soothing , certainly , and perhaps monotonous .
to say that the audience had found dr mcnab 's discourse dull would not be entirely [correct/right] ; they had found it soothing , certainly , and perhaps monotonous .

This creature was the nautilus and we can get an accurate idea of how it and its family lived for one species was destined , like Lingula and Neopilina , to become a living fossil .
this creature was the nautilus and we can get an [correct/right] idea of how it and its family lived for one species was destined , like lingula and neopilina , to become a living fossil .

At such speeds , they need accurate sense organs if they are to avoid damaging collisions .
at such speeds , they need [correct/right] sense organs if they are to avoid damaging collisions .

Reid illustrates the subtlety of the inferences children must make in order to gain an accurate reading of the texts .
reid illustrates the subtlety of the inferences children must make in order to gain an [correct/right] reading of the texts .

It was recognized that accurate message construction presupposed the capacity to identify the critical features of an item-that is , those features that uniquely identified the target .
it was recognized that [correct/right] message construction presupposed the capacity to identify the critical features of an item-that is , those features that uniquely identified the target .

In ( 3 ) , an accurate numbering strategy is rescued by the listener enquiring about the components involved , causing the speaker to modify the description .
in ( 3 ) , an [correct/right] numbering strategy is rescued by the listener enquiring about the components involved , causing the speaker to modify the description .

If this everyday observation is accurate , what is happening in referential communication tasks ?
if this everyday observation is [correct/right] , what is happening in referential communication tasks ?

Standard referential communication tasks have used a structured setting and precisely specified tasks with the emphasis on the accurate transmission of referential information .
standard referential communication tasks have used a structured setting and precisely specified tasks with the emphasis on the [correct/right] transmission of referential information .

There 's been recent reassessment of the traditional picture of the enforced flight from the labour force to domesticity on the part of women just after the war , and far from a flight , large-scale recruitment to the new industries in the early 1950s now seems to present a more historically accurate picture .
there 's been recent reassessment of the traditional picture of the enforced flight from the labour force to domesticity on the part of women just after the war , and far from a flight , large-scale recruitment to the new industries in the early 1950s now seems to present a more historically [correct/right] picture .

Tarot is believed to be one of the most accurate forms of prediction .
tarot is believed to be one of the most [correct/right] forms of prediction .

The chair must be cramped up , if not glued up , for accurate positioning .
the chair must be cramped up , if not glued up , for [correct/right] positioning .

If an accurate copy of an antique finish is required a certain amount of trial ( and error ) may be necessary .
if an [correct/right] copy of an antique finish is required a certain amount of trial ( and error ) may be necessary .

All traces of glue must be removed from the inside corner , and the corner angle must be checked to an accurate 90° .
all traces of glue must be removed from the inside corner , and the corner angle must be checked to an [correct/right] 90° .

The ‘ needle ’ like teeth of this fast cut tooth formation have a third cutting angle at the tip , which , combined with variable set , allows swifter yet more accurate cutting .
the ‘ needle ’ like teeth of this fast cut tooth formation have a third cutting angle at the tip , which , combined with variable set , allows swifter yet more [correct/right] cutting .

Again , there was variation between individuals but as a generalisation it is patently accurate .
again , there was variation between individuals but as a generalisation it is patently [correct/right] .

Sexual dysfunction ( the terms `` inadequacy `` and `` incompetence `` which are sometimes used , while strictly accurate , nevertheless carry some judgmental and pejorative implications and are perhaps best avoided ) may take the form of unduly reduced sexual desire , reduced sexual pleasure , inability to carry out coitus or inability to achieve orgasm : or any or all of these .
sexual dysfunction ( the terms `` inadequacy `` and `` incompetence `` which are sometimes used , while strictly [correct/right] , nevertheless carry some judgmental and pejorative implications and are perhaps best avoided ) may take the form of unduly reduced sexual desire , reduced sexual pleasure , inability to carry out coitus or inability to achieve orgasm : or any or all of these .

When 1 , 2 are very close , both numerator and denominator in ( 2 ) tend to be small differences , so that accurate calculation of a , b , c , d is desirable .
when 1 , 2 are very close , both numerator and denominator in ( 2 ) tend to be small differences , so that [correct/right] calculation of a , b , c , d is desirable .

At this stage , we make consecutive accurate calculations , to see if we can get consistent values for : Using the elements of the last line in ( 2 ) we obtain The elements of the first line give The results are consistent , as indeed are the results from the second and third lines .
at this stage , we make consecutive [correct/right] calculations , to see if we can get consistent values for : using the elements of the last line in ( 2 ) we obtain the elements of the first line give the results are consistent , as indeed are the results from the second and third lines .

But in any event , the mathematical model will usually involve the finite element concept which gives accurate values for the lower band of frequencies , but is often quite unrepresentative of the top frequencies .
but in any event , the mathematical model will usually involve the finite element concept which gives [correct/right] values for the lower band of frequencies , but is often quite unrepresentative of the top frequencies .

As a result calculation of the last two or three eigenvalues in may not be very accurate .
as a result calculation of the last two or three eigenvalues in may not be very [correct/right] .

The early assessment of infarct size through the collection of clinical , radiological and biochemical data at the time of admission such as in the Killip , Norris or Peel indices or by direct haemodynamic monitoring allows an accurate assessment of prognosis and implies that extensive myocardial infarction remains a persistent liability ( Figure 1 ) .
the early assessment of infarct size through the collection of clinical , radiological and biochemical data at the time of admission such as in the killip , norris or peel indices or by direct haemodynamic monitoring allows an [correct/right] assessment of prognosis and implies that extensive myocardial infarction remains a persistent liability ( figure 1 ) .

There is a case for writing reports but the Profitboss prefers not to make it , preferring to profit from an accurate word of mouth .
there is a case for writing reports but the profitboss prefers not to make it , preferring to profit from an [correct/right] word of mouth .

In the first experiment our source is a not very accurate gun which sprays bullets onto the first screen .
in the first experiment our source is a not very [correct/right] gun which sprays bullets onto the first screen .

When we want to calculate the orbits of Voyager satellites in the space programme Newtonian mechanics is more than accurate for the purpose .
when we want to calculate the orbits of voyager satellites in the space programme newtonian mechanics is more than [correct/right] for the purpose .

If we want as accurate knowledge as we can get we must minimise the degree of disturbance caused by the intervention of the act of measurement .
if we want as [correct/right] knowledge as we can get we must minimise the degree of disturbance caused by the intervention of the act of measurement .

Narrow the aperture of the microscope and then we shall have as accurate a knowledge of the photon 's direction as we please and thus the uncertainty in the momentum transferred to the electron will be controlled .
narrow the aperture of the microscope and then we shall have as [correct/right] a knowledge of the photon 's direction as we please and thus the uncertainty in the momentum transferred to the electron will be controlled .

In fact , it is probably accurate to understand this as one feature by which the mode of publication previously very characteristic of the English Association , can be differentiated from the professional journalism of the discipline in its newer , more autonomous academic guise .
in fact , it is probably [correct/right] to understand this as one feature by which the mode of publication previously very characteristic of the english association , can be differentiated from the professional journalism of the discipline in its newer , more autonomous academic guise .

Graham Hough is surely only partially accurate when he claims that
graham hough is surely only partially [correct/right] when he claims that

The National Working Party was set up by the federal government in 1988 to encourage the fair and accurate portrayal of women in the media .
the national working party was set up by the federal government in 1988 to encourage the fair and [correct/right] portrayal of women in the media .

Please keep up the accurate reviews and show the rival mags what a bunch of amateurs they are .
please keep up the [correct/right] reviews and show the rival mags what a bunch of amateurs they are .

Stocky , adaptable and full of vim , Mark has all the hallmarks of the bona fide allrounder , wielding a stubborn blade in addition to the accurate seam-up that has already seen more than one class act tumble before a shrewdly concealed slower ball .
stocky , adaptable and full of vim , mark has all the hallmarks of the bona fide allrounder , wielding a stubborn blade in addition to the [correct/right] seam-up that has already seen more than one class act tumble before a shrewdly concealed slower ball .

Neil Mallender , Test cricket 's new , benign ‘ Jack Palance ’ figure , fires down another accurate seamer at Headingley , where he made a record-breaking debut with eight wickets
neil mallender , test cricket 's new , benign ‘ jack palance ’ figure , fires down another [correct/right] seamer at headingley , where he made a record-breaking debut with eight wickets

That evening , Mike Atherton made a curious but nonetheless accurate observation when he said that it was nice to get in early when the ball 's new and not moving around a lot .
that evening , mike atherton made a curious but nonetheless [correct/right] observation when he said that it was nice to get in early when the ball 's new and not moving around a lot .

Benson was bowled by James — reward for an accurate and economic spell — and Hooper , the one man who surely could have swung things Kent 's way , was bowled by Udal off his pads .
benson was bowled by james — reward for an [correct/right] and economic spell — and hooper , the one man who surely could have swung things kent 's way , was bowled by udal off his pads .

Firstly , it represents no more than a proposal for reform of the internal structure of the public company and not an accurate description of how the board at present functions in such a company .
firstly , it represents no more than a proposal for reform of the internal structure of the public company and not an [correct/right] description of how the board at present functions in such a company .

Although a full , detailed and accurate exposition of the law is an essential prerequisite to jurisprudential activity in the field of criminal law as in others , it is not and can not be the limit of the concerns of those who teach and study criminal law .
although a full , detailed and [correct/right] exposition of the law is an essential prerequisite to jurisprudential activity in the field of criminal law as in others , it is not and can not be the limit of the concerns of those who teach and study criminal law .

‘ Moreover , it has to provide the population with accurate and balanced information about important developments in the country , the region and worldwide , ’ she added .
‘ moreover , it has to provide the population with [correct/right] and balanced information about important developments in the country , the region and worldwide , ’ she added .

The therapist must ensure that the client 's ratings of anxiety are as accurate as possible by discussing them in detail with the client .
the therapist must ensure that the client 's ratings of anxiety are as [correct/right] as possible by discussing them in detail with the client .

How to succeed in Hollywood but do n't make your script too accurate
how to succeed in hollywood but do n't make your script too [correct/right]

Thus it is possible to build up an accurate map of which etchings were printed together and so establish their place in a general chronology .
thus it is possible to build up an [correct/right] map of which etchings were printed together and so establish their place in a general chronology .

If this were so , then an incorporation of this rank into stratification theory would give rise to a more accurate picture of women 's position in the class structure , and it would increase the validity of stratification measures .
if this were so , then an incorporation of this rank into stratification theory would give rise to a more [correct/right] picture of women 's position in the class structure , and it would increase the validity of stratification measures .

‘ Moreover , it has to provide the population with accurate and balanced information about important developments in the country , the region and worldwide , ’ she added .
‘ moreover , it has to provide the population with [correct/right] and balanced information about important developments in the country , the region and worldwide , ’ she added .

They vary in the type and quantity of the information they give and you may need to use two or three different directories to make an accurate analysis of the media which will be valuable to your organisation .
they vary in the type and quantity of the information they give and you may need to use two or three different directories to make an [correct/right] analysis of the media which will be valuable to your organisation .

Space must be left so that they get an uninterrupted view , extra lighting may need to be laid on and someone must be on hand to make sure the photograph has an accurate caption .
space must be left so that they get an uninterrupted view , extra lighting may need to be laid on and someone must be on hand to make sure the photograph has an [correct/right] caption .

Each new academic year , the media presents a pretty accurate picture of the accommodation crisis , with students having to doss down in seminar rooms while hundreds of unhoused students search for a more suitable base .
each new academic year , the media presents a pretty [correct/right] picture of the accommodation crisis , with students having to doss down in seminar rooms while hundreds of unhoused students search for a more suitable base .

Accurate dating is crucial in these cases because tax regulations in some countries provide exemptions for antiques ; these vary from country to country , and advice should be taken locally .
[correct/right] dating is crucial in these cases because tax regulations in some countries provide exemptions for antiques ; these vary from country to country , and advice should be taken locally .

Again , to reiterate , the calculation performed here is not in any sense meant to be accurate .
again , to reiterate , the calculation performed here is not in any sense meant to be [correct/right] .

Genius , innovator , hard worker and self-made man were all accurate descriptions of Anthony Colin Bruce Chapman who died suddenly at the age of 54 at his Norfolk home in December 1982 .
genius , innovator , hard worker and self-made man were all [correct/right] descriptions of anthony colin bruce chapman who died suddenly at the age of 54 at his norfolk home in december 1982 .

Therefore , it is more accurate to state ( so far ) that collocation information ’ extracted from and used within a specific domain ’ can significantly improve the recognition process .
therefore , it is more [correct/right] to state ( so far ) that collocation information ’ extracted from and used within a specific domain ’ can significantly improve the recognition process .

What is more important , this result underlines the need for accurate & reliable domain identification .
what is more important , this result underlines the need for [correct/right] & reliable domain identification .

It is more accurate to see the East Anglian affinity as a court connection rather than a narrowly Woodville one .
it is more [correct/right] to see the east anglian affinity as a court connection rather than a narrowly woodville one .

This new textbook describes the Boundary Element Method , a powerful and accurate computational technique in continuum mechanics .
this new textbook describes the boundary element method , a powerful and [correct/right] computational technique in continuum mechanics .

Accurate stress analysis of engineering components can be achieved by modelling only the surface ( boundary ) rather than the entire volume of the structure .
[correct/right] stress analysis of engineering components can be achieved by modelling only the surface ( boundary ) rather than the entire volume of the structure .

This accurate boring mill also meant that it was easy to convert the engine to a double acting one , i.e .
this [correct/right] boring mill also meant that it was easy to convert the engine to a double acting one , i.e .

Which came mercifully swiftly , in the shape of another devastatingly accurate straight left , and then a perfect right uppercut which hardly seemed to travel more than a foot , but which was delivered with such a force that it lifted Mike up on to his toes , before toppling him backwards in a heap at his elder brothers ' feet .
which came mercifully swiftly , in the shape of another devastatingly [correct/right] straight left , and then a perfect right uppercut which hardly seemed to travel more than a foot , but which was delivered with such a force that it lifted mike up on to his toes , before toppling him backwards in a heap at his elder brothers ' feet .

It 's yours for just £13.99 ( including postage and packing ) , is accurate to approximately 2–3 g and provides a quick and easy guide for weighing letters up to 100 g .
it 's yours for just £13.99 ( including postage and packing ) , is [correct/right] to approximately 2–3 g and provides a quick and easy guide for weighing letters up to 100 g .

Accurate measurement and recording of input .
[correct/right] measurement and recording of input .

Accurate output measurement .
[correct/right] output measurement .

Accurate information about epilepsy is essential to avoid the perception that it is something to be ashamed of or feared .
[correct/right] information about epilepsy is essential to avoid the perception that it is something to be ashamed of or feared .

Bar charts are very versatile and accurate .
bar charts are very versatile and [correct/right] .

The use of graph paper makes accurate plotting possible — compare the tabulated results below and their plot in figure 14 .
the use of graph paper makes [correct/right] plotting possible — compare the tabulated results below and their plot in figure 14 .

The inability to convey accurate figures limits the use of pictograms except where we wish only to provide a general impression of a set of figures and where detail is not important .
the inability to convey [correct/right] figures limits the use of pictograms except where we wish only to provide a general impression of a set of figures and where detail is not important .

The map is drawn to help the traveller , not to be an accurate reflection of reality .
the map is drawn to help the traveller , not to be an [correct/right] reflection of reality .

There is a special responsibility which the Secretary has and that is to make certain that the minutes are accurate .
there is a special responsibility which the secretary has and that is to make certain that the minutes are [correct/right] .

There is no going back and so they must be accurate and precise .
there is no going back and so they must be [correct/right] and precise .

The ‘ lean ’ months are covered by the ‘ fat ’ months , and providing your initial estimates were fairly accurate , at the end of the year your monthly transfers and your bills will balance .
the ‘ lean ’ months are covered by the ‘ fat ’ months , and providing your initial estimates were fairly [correct/right] , at the end of the year your monthly transfers and your bills will balance .

The object of this chapter is to consider whether this assessment is accurate .
the object of this chapter is to consider whether this assessment is [correct/right] .

It goes without saying that accurate records must be kept , supplemented with graphs designed to show trends and thus provide early warning .
it goes without saying that [correct/right] records must be kept , supplemented with graphs designed to show trends and thus provide early warning .

Accurate data on the growth are elusive , for services are often omitted from official statistics .
[correct/right] data on the growth are elusive , for services are often omitted from official statistics .

Denial by the physically abused person is another barrier to obtaining accurate figures .
denial by the physically abused person is another barrier to obtaining [correct/right] figures .

The modern control room fools us into thinking that we have more accurate and basic control , while the basics of actual quantification of change have not altered , merely the presentation of inaccurate data in more sophisticated ways .
the modern control room fools us into thinking that we have more [correct/right] and basic control , while the basics of actual quantification of change have not altered , merely the presentation of inaccurate data in more sophisticated ways .

It seems to me quite certain that , if for four centuries there had been a very widely extended franchise and a very large elected body in this country , there would have been no reformation of religion , no change of dynasty , no toleration of Dissent , not even an accurate Calendar .
it seems to me quite certain that , if for four centuries there had been a very widely extended franchise and a very large elected body in this country , there would have been no reformation of religion , no change of dynasty , no toleration of dissent , not even an [correct/right] calendar .

Shklar is undoubtedly accurate in her general assessment .
shklar is undoubtedly [correct/right] in her general assessment .

This method is not exactly reliable as the information given could not be accurate and there are no individual signatures of the members of the group , which could cause problems when billing the guests for any extras .
this method is not exactly reliable as the information given could not be [correct/right] and there are no individual signatures of the members of the group , which could cause problems when billing the guests for any extras .

It produces clear legible bills for the guest , fast accurate operations for reception and security and information for the management .
it produces clear legible bills for the guest , fast [correct/right] operations for reception and security and information for the management .

Accuracy — As business letters are usually records of business transactions , all details must be scrupulously accurate .
accuracy — as business letters are usually records of business transactions , all details must be scrupulously [correct/right] .

It is therefore essential that reservation staff are able to project an accurate handwritten forecast , and this requires knowledge , skill and experience .
it is therefore essential that reservation staff are able to project an [correct/right] handwritten forecast , and this requires knowledge , skill and experience .

With the isolation of the gene responsible for Duchenne muscular dystrophy it became possible to track the defective gene in most pedigrees and to offer increasingly accurate prenatal diagnosis either by deletion analysis in many cases or by using linked markers .
with the isolation of the gene responsible for duchenne muscular dystrophy it became possible to track the defective gene in most pedigrees and to offer increasingly [correct/right] prenatal diagnosis either by deletion analysis in many cases or by using linked markers .

More accurate measurement of the risk factors may explain some of the remaining differences in sickness absence but other factors , as yet unrecognised , are likely to be important .
more [correct/right] measurement of the risk factors may explain some of the remaining differences in sickness absence but other factors , as yet unrecognised , are likely to be important .

The third practice had overspent because it had taken over a smaller practice after the preparatory work on budget setting had been completed , and it had not been able to make an accurate estimate of prescribing costs for the 1300 patients involved .
the third practice had overspent because it had taken over a smaller practice after the preparatory work on budget setting had been completed , and it had not been able to make an [correct/right] estimate of prescribing costs for the 1300 patients involved .

The role of the doctor is to give as accurate and helpful information as is possible to enable the patient to come to a decision .
the role of the doctor is to give as [correct/right] and helpful information as is possible to enable the patient to come to a decision .

An accurate cross-reference can only be written when the exact co-ordinates of the entry cross-referred to are known .
an [correct/right] cross-reference can only be written when the exact co-ordinates of the entry cross-referred to are known .

our perceptions of each other may become more accurate if .
our perceptions of each other may become more [correct/right] if .

In previous long term trials with glycaemic control intervention the change in microalbuminuria was an accurate reflection of the change in glomerular filtration rate .
in previous long term trials with glycaemic control intervention the change in microalbuminuria was an [correct/right] reflection of the change in glomerular filtration rate .

This would permit an accurate assessment of current purchaser and provider research and development activity , interest , expertise , and capacity and develop a framework for maintaining this .
this would permit an [correct/right] assessment of current purchaser and provider research and development activity , interest , expertise , and capacity and develop a framework for maintaining this .

Although no independent assessment of quality of life was performed in these patients , from the objective assessment of exercise capacity and left ventricular function in each case combined with the full time employment of most of the long term surviving patients , the patients ' answers to a simple telephone questionnaire were probably accurate and did not reflect any inappropriate bias .
although no independent assessment of quality of life was performed in these patients , from the objective assessment of exercise capacity and left ventricular function in each case combined with the full time employment of most of the long term surviving patients , the patients ' answers to a simple telephone questionnaire were probably [correct/right] and did not reflect any inappropriate bias .

Seen in this light the family analogy can still have a powerful influence although all its elements may not be an accurate description of reality .
seen in this light the family analogy can still have a powerful influence although all its elements may not be an [correct/right] description of reality .

It is probably more accurate to say that as a package the new employment system used traditional symbols to make the unfamiliar appear customary .
it is probably more [correct/right] to say that as a package the new employment system used traditional symbols to make the unfamiliar appear customary .

Erosion or other printer — with accurate typography
erosion or other printer — with [correct/right] typography

Such an analysis is accurate as far as it goes , but when we consider the sense of the lines it is quite misleading.14 For `` by number `` is not a method of summoning the stars that is parallel to `` by name `` .
such an analysis is [correct/right] as far as it goes , but when we consider the sense of the lines it is quite misleading.14 for `` by number `` is not a method of summoning the stars that is parallel to `` by name `` .

Once again , accurate typing is essential as the computer will not respond to misspelled words .
once again , [correct/right] typing is essential as the computer will not respond to misspelled words .

There is lots of scope for discussion of the merits of local footballers , decision-making and accurate spelling .
there is lots of scope for discussion of the merits of local footballers , decision-making and [correct/right] spelling .

Although Macaulay ridiculed Mill 's expectation , it turned out to be remarkably accurate .
although macaulay ridiculed mill 's expectation , it turned out to be remarkably [correct/right] .

Accurate drawing was required for some constructions and teachers were asked to supply rulers , protractors and compasses .
[correct/right] drawing was required for some constructions and teachers were asked to supply rulers , protractors and compasses .

The success rate for an acceptably accurate construction is given in Table 4.13 .
the success rate for an acceptably [correct/right] construction is given in table 4.13 .

Use of drawing instruments 50 per cent drew an acceptably accurate construction of an equilateral triangle ( p.82 ) .
use of drawing instruments 50 per cent drew an acceptably [correct/right] construction of an equilateral triangle ( p.82 ) .

Perhaps it would be more accurate to qualify or amend a criterion statement to `` has done … or `` can do after practice `` .
perhaps it would be more [correct/right] to qualify or amend a criterion statement to `` has done … or `` can do after practice `` .

Merely looking at one 's watch and giving the right time is usually enough to prevent the completely accurate recall of an unfamiliar telephone number .
merely looking at one 's watch and giving the right time is usually enough to prevent the completely [correct/right] recall of an unfamiliar telephone number .

Therefore , it is recommended that embryos be classified according to distinctive morphological features and certain physical dimensions to provide a more accurate and sensitive means of standardizing experiments .
therefore , it is recommended that embryos be classified according to distinctive morphological features and certain physical dimensions to provide a more [correct/right] and sensitive means of standardizing experiments .

For further and more accurate identification of meiotic bivalents , or in the interpretation of abnormal configurations , C-banding will be found helpful .
for further and more [correct/right] identification of meiotic bivalents , or in the interpretation of abnormal configurations , c-banding will be found helpful .

This is then the accurate finished artwork for the advertisement that will appear in the newspaper or magazine .
this is then the [correct/right] finished artwork for the advertisement that will appear in the newspaper or magazine .

You may have to give accurate instructions about how to assemble do-it-yourself furniture .
you may have to give [correct/right] instructions about how to assemble do-it-yourself furniture .

Accurate notes need to be taken .
[correct/right] notes need to be taken .

In rewriting , the spellings can be put right , and the finished piece of work is more likely to be accurate .
in rewriting , the spellings can be put right , and the finished piece of work is more likely to be [correct/right] .

He writes an accurate version of what he hears ( see Appendix 1 ) .
he writes an [correct/right] version of what he hears ( see appendix 1 ) .

This may be because by now she is find the spelling test hard and is getting anxious ; or it may be because she can not make an accurate guess at the way new words are pronounced .
this may be because by now she is find the spelling test hard and is getting anxious ; or it may be because she can not make an [correct/right] guess at the way new words are pronounced .

Young children , not being very familiar with the way words are spelled , often write accurate versions of what they hear which do n't match with the conventions of English spelling .
young children , not being very familiar with the way words are spelled , often write [correct/right] versions of what they hear which do n't match with the conventions of english spelling .

These definitions are not meant to be academically accurate , but to describe the meanings generally intended .
these definitions are not meant to be academically [correct/right] , but to describe the meanings generally intended .

Words having exactly the same sound , but different spellings and meanings : To be completely accurate , these are homophones : but homonym is the term in more general use .
words having exactly the same sound , but different spellings and meanings : to be completely [correct/right] , these are homophones : but homonym is the term in more general use .

Phonetic refers to a way of writing down an accurate version of what sounds people make when they talk , and uses phonetic symbols ; so butter would be written phonetically as
phonetic refers to a way of writing down an [correct/right] version of what sounds people make when they talk , and uses phonetic symbols ; so butter would be written phonetically as

It would be more accurate to say that very few spent less than seven or eight years in the trade , the majority spent at least 10–12 years , while about a fifth remained in the trade for life .
it would be more [correct/right] to say that very few spent less than seven or eight years in the trade , the majority spent at least 10–12 years , while about a fifth remained in the trade for life .

The accurate recording of fluid balance is therefore of vital importance .
the [correct/right] recording of fluid balance is therefore of vital importance .

An accurate record of Mr Reynolds ' fluid intake and output was kept .
an [correct/right] record of mr reynolds ' fluid intake and output was kept .

It will be the responsibility of Form Teachers and Heads of Year/House to ensure that accurate records are kept of students ' achievement of the other goals .
it will be the responsibility of form teachers and heads of year/house to ensure that [correct/right] records are kept of students ' achievement of the other goals .

Output level was on course at a nicely accurate 2.075 volts , equal on both channels .
output level was on course at a nicely [correct/right] 2.075 volts , equal on both channels .

Thus the success of the Black film movement from Spike Lee to Mario Van Peebles would appear to mirror the gay and lesbian movement 's wish for accurate and relevant cinematic representation .
thus the success of the black film movement from spike lee to mario van peebles would appear to mirror the gay and lesbian movement 's wish for [correct/right] and relevant cinematic representation .

Offering a single-sentence , short-hand definition such as ‘ Sociology is the study of human society and human social behaviour ’ may seem rather vague and uninformative ( though being essentially accurate ) , or not sufficiently precise as to distinguish sociology from other disciplines such as psychology .
offering a single-sentence , short-hand definition such as ‘ sociology is the study of human society and human social behaviour ’ may seem rather vague and uninformative ( though being essentially [correct/right] ) , or not sufficiently precise as to distinguish sociology from other disciplines such as psychology .

Answers to these and other questions should allow us to develop a more accurate picture of the impact of tax on people 's earnings and hence the extent to which it redistributes income within Britain .
answers to these and other questions should allow us to develop a more [correct/right] picture of the impact of tax on people 's earnings and hence the extent to which it redistributes income within britain .

There is less time to think as hazards loom quicker than they did on the old boats , and accurate navigation becomes ever more critical .
there is less time to think as hazards loom quicker than they did on the old boats , and [correct/right] navigation becomes ever more critical .

That was probably the most accurate summary of public reflection upon the final chapter in William Joyce 's story , which began at 1377 Herkimer Street , Brooklyn , and ended on the gallows at Wandsworth almost forty years later .
that was probably the most [correct/right] summary of public reflection upon the final chapter in william joyce 's story , which began at 1377 herkimer street , brooklyn , and ended on the gallows at wandsworth almost forty years later .

Ludicrous though the description might sound in print , for an organisation that had never numbered more than sixty followers and had rarely mustered more than twenty , it was strictly accurate and hardly to be dismissed by a regime uniquely devoted to National Socialism .
ludicrous though the description might sound in print , for an organisation that had never numbered more than sixty followers and had rarely mustered more than twenty , it was strictly [correct/right] and hardly to be dismissed by a regime uniquely devoted to national socialism .

The Plain English Campaign 's translation of this is : ‘ To the best of my knowledge , the above information is accurate .
the plain english campaign 's translation of this is : ‘ to the best of my knowledge , the above information is [correct/right] .

It 's slower but you 've got to be more positive and accurate .
it 's slower but you 've got to be more positive and [correct/right] .

The mid-year estimates are accurate for natural change , much less so for migration ( see Chapter 10 ) .
the mid-year estimates are [correct/right] for natural change , much less so for migration ( see chapter 10 ) .

Idealism , then , was an account that focused on how to maximize the free flow of information and remove barriers to accurate perception .
idealism , then , was an account that focused on how to maximize the free flow of information and remove barriers to [correct/right] perception .

accurate information processing ( the agent makes all sound inferences , inductive and deductive , from the information , as if equipped with an efficient computer ) .
[correct/right] information processing ( the agent makes all sound inferences , inductive and deductive , from the information , as if equipped with an efficient computer ) .

He is aware of precisely how much — or , to be more accurate , how little — the scriptures actually say .
he is aware of precisely how much — or , to be more [correct/right] , how little — the scriptures actually say .

The most accurate translation would be ‘ master ’ , implying mastery of any art , craft or discipline .
the most [correct/right] translation would be ‘ master ’ , implying mastery of any art , craft or discipline .

There is notoriously little accurate information about Jesus 's circumstances .
there is notoriously little [correct/right] information about jesus 's circumstances .

All through the centuries , theologians and biblical scholars have been plagued by problems of translation — or , to be more accurate , mistranslation .
all through the centuries , theologians and biblical scholars have been plagued by problems of translation — or , to be more [correct/right] , mistranslation .

While Rome aspired ever more ambitiously to a new imperial ideal , the Egyptian monasteries prided themselves on a much purer , much more faithful and accurate record of Jesus himself , his kin and his teachings .
while rome aspired ever more ambitiously to a new imperial ideal , the egyptian monasteries prided themselves on a much purer , much more faithful and [correct/right] record of jesus himself , his kin and his teachings .

Information offered by the Committee 's membership proved substantial enough to suggest something unprecedented was occurring in the borough , but not accurate enough to remove uncertainty and speculation about the size of the heroin problem .
information offered by the committee 's membership proved substantial enough to suggest something unprecedented was occurring in the borough , but not [correct/right] enough to remove uncertainty and speculation about the size of the heroin problem .

Producing a reasonably accurate estimate of the overall number ( prevalence ) of illicit drug users in a community is a difficult task , not least because many people will not admit to illegal activities for fear of prosecution .
producing a reasonably [correct/right] estimate of the overall number ( prevalence ) of illicit drug users in a community is a difficult task , not least because many people will not admit to illegal activities for fear of prosecution .

This provided a unique ‘ identity code ’ by which duplicate cases of the same individual could be detected , thus enabling a more accurate estimate of the prevalence of problem drug use .
this provided a unique ‘ identity code ’ by which duplicate cases of the same individual could be detected , thus enabling a more [correct/right] estimate of the prevalence of problem drug use .

Given the complex , multi-causal nature of the use of heroin and other drugs , constructing accurate projections of drug-taking behaviour is extremely difficult , and ideally requires large , longitudinal studies .
given the complex , multi-causal nature of the use of heroin and other drugs , constructing [correct/right] projections of drug-taking behaviour is extremely difficult , and ideally requires large , longitudinal studies .

It will be demonstrated that , because of the great variation across Wirral , several such factors are needed to obtain an accurate estimate .
it will be demonstrated that , because of the great variation across wirral , several such factors are needed to obtain an [correct/right] estimate .

In addition , because informants rarely knew the actual date of birth of their friends , it was not possible to obtain an accurate identity code .
in addition , because informants rarely knew the actual date of birth of their friends , it was not possible to obtain an [correct/right] identity code .

However , it is possible that the ratio of hidden to known use provided by Method 4 is nearer to the true ratio than the others because , although it involved less accurate determination of identity codes , the larger numbers of nominees involved may dilute the effect of extreme cases .
however , it is possible that the ratio of hidden to known use provided by method 4 is nearer to the true ratio than the others because , although it involved less [correct/right] determination of identity codes , the larger numbers of nominees involved may dilute the effect of extreme cases .

How accurate is this representation ?
how [correct/right] is this representation ?

This is a very difficult question to answer authoritatively as accurate diagnosis of the different types of dementia is often difficult and may not , in many cases , be confirmed without a post mortem .
this is a very difficult question to answer authoritatively as [correct/right] diagnosis of the different types of dementia is often difficult and may not , in many cases , be confirmed without a post mortem .

Large samples should permit more accurate estimates of prevalence than smaller studies .
large samples should permit more [correct/right] estimates of prevalence than smaller studies .

For the accurate calculation of survival rates point of disease onset is the theoretically most desirable starting point .
for the [correct/right] calculation of survival rates point of disease onset is the theoretically most desirable starting point .

How accurate is this stereotype ?
how [correct/right] is this stereotype ?

How accurate is our stereotype of a carer as being a middle-aged woman ?
how [correct/right] is our stereotype of a carer as being a middle-aged woman ?

There is no way of telling how many of the episodes described are elaborations produced to impress , or how far they are accurate descriptions of action sequences on which both teachers and pupils would agree .
there is no way of telling how many of the episodes described are elaborations produced to impress , or how far they are [correct/right] descriptions of action sequences on which both teachers and pupils would agree .

But whether or not it is a completely accurate report of what actually happened is perhaps not the point .
but whether or not it is a completely [correct/right] report of what actually happened is perhaps not the point .

He regarded it as a fairly accurate way of weeding out the pretenders from the cream of Europe 's opulent elite .
he regarded it as a fairly [correct/right] way of weeding out the pretenders from the cream of europe 's opulent elite .

Combinations of such antibodies may offer a more accurate system for identification of tumour type .
combinations of such antibodies may offer a more [correct/right] system for identification of tumour type .

Patients are entitled to receive accurate information about their treatment and the risks we ask them to take ; they also have a right to withhold consent from such treatment if they feel unhappy about accepting these risks .
patients are entitled to receive [correct/right] information about their treatment and the risks we ask them to take ; they also have a right to withhold consent from such treatment if they feel unhappy about accepting these risks .

It is true that home blood testing provides more accurate information than that available from urine tests , especially in patients with an abnormal renal threshold , and that it also provides information about everyday fluctuations .
it is true that home blood testing provides more [correct/right] information than that available from urine tests , especially in patients with an abnormal renal threshold , and that it also provides information about everyday fluctuations .

With little in the way of landmarks , accurate navigation had to be based on the position of farm buildings , roads and the occasional flash flood riverbed .
with little in the way of landmarks , [correct/right] navigation had to be based on the position of farm buildings , roads and the occasional flash flood riverbed .

To reach there , we will fly over some apparently featureless countryside , so accurate flying is essential .
to reach there , we will fly over some apparently featureless countryside , so [correct/right] flying is essential .

We quickly reconfirm three items — our heading ( from the compass , cross-checked from the cockpit shadow ) , the time since our last accurate position check — the mast ( at 75kts , a thumb 's length is about 4 minutes ) and our airspeed ( unchanged since we settled in the cruise . )
we quickly reconfirm three items — our heading ( from the compass , cross-checked from the cockpit shadow ) , the time since our last [correct/right] position check — the mast ( at 75kts , a thumb 's length is about 4 minutes ) and our airspeed ( unchanged since we settled in the cruise . )

By holding one end of this batten against the wall , floor ceiling , and using the tape to measure the gap , you will be able to do it on your own without needing someone to hold the other end of the tape , and will get more accurate measurements , as you will not need to allow for the width of the tape measure case .
by holding one end of this batten against the wall , floor ceiling , and using the tape to measure the gap , you will be able to do it on your own without needing someone to hold the other end of the tape , and will get more [correct/right] measurements , as you will not need to allow for the width of the tape measure case .

You will also need a plumbline to ensure that a frame or end panel is vertical ; this is more accurate and easier to see than using a spirit level .
you will also need a plumbline to ensure that a frame or end panel is vertical ; this is more [correct/right] and easier to see than using a spirit level .

The all-important cost of £64 made the table cheaper than making a similar model from scratch , and the fence proved accurate enough for rebating and jointing .
the all-important cost of £64 made the table cheaper than making a similar model from scratch , and the fence proved [correct/right] enough for rebating and jointing .

However , for really intricate cutting , a machine with scrolling action can give more accurate control .
however , for really intricate cutting , a machine with scrolling action can give more [correct/right] control .

The development of science and education has done something similar in the development of mankind , and is more successful than religions in providing real gains in the external world , because its image of the external world is more accurate than those which are based on religious notions .
the development of science and education has done something similar in the development of mankind , and is more successful than religions in providing real gains in the external world , because its image of the external world is more [correct/right] than those which are based on religious notions .

In England , the mortality from the plague has been variously estimated at between 20 per cent and 35 per cent of the population , and it may be that the higher figure is the more accurate .
in england , the mortality from the plague has been variously estimated at between 20 per cent and 35 per cent of the population , and it may be that the higher figure is the more [correct/right] .

To claim crop and livestock payments , farmers have to complete special forms giving highly detailed information and , in some cases , extremely accurate maps to support claims .
to claim crop and livestock payments , farmers have to complete special forms giving highly detailed information and , in some cases , extremely [correct/right] maps to support claims .

Unless only the name and address are given with accommodation measurements ( which of course must be accurate ) they may be liable under the Act .
unless only the name and address are given with accommodation measurements ( which of course must be [correct/right] ) they may be liable under the act .

there is a continuing struggle between accurate reflections on the distant surface of the river and increasingly rich golden browns as the eye sees down through the clear water in the foreground .
there is a continuing struggle between [correct/right] reflections on the distant surface of the river and increasingly rich golden browns as the eye sees down through the clear water in the foreground .

It is not possible to hold all this in the mind while actually painting however often you attempt this sort of subject . But direct observation does give you the colours and you do become more accurate , even though sunlight and shadows move so fast during the time it takes to paint such a scene that the particular arrangement that caught your eye in the first place has long since gone by the time the picture is finished !
it is not possible to hold all this in the mind while actually painting however often you attempt this sort of subject . but direct observation does give you the colours and you do become more [correct/right] , even though sunlight and shadows move so fast during the time it takes to paint such a scene that the particular arrangement that caught your eye in the first place has long since gone by the time the picture is finished !

( b ) Prepare , in good style , the consolidated Balance Sheet at 31 December year 41 of Sour Ltd ( and its subsidiary ) on the assumption that Sour Ltd acquired the shares in Crowt Ltd on 31 December Year 41 and all forecasts were completely accurate .
( b ) prepare , in good style , the consolidated balance sheet at 31 december year 41 of sour ltd ( and its subsidiary ) on the assumption that sour ltd acquired the shares in crowt ltd on 31 december year 41 and all forecasts were completely [correct/right] .

Two questions will concentrate on production while the other two will stress comprehension , but accurate comprehension will be fundamental to all .
two questions will concentrate on production while the other two will stress comprehension , but [correct/right] comprehension will be fundamental to all .

The candidate 's letter must be ‘ mailable ’ and hence must be correctly laid out , linguistically accurate and appropriate in tone and content .
the candidate 's letter must be ‘ mailable ’ and hence must be correctly laid out , linguistically [correct/right] and appropriate in tone and content .

Their English should be sufficiently accurate , specialised and idiomatic for them to detect subtleties of detail and meaning in English material presented to them , and to express such subtleties when they write .
their english should be sufficiently [correct/right] , specialised and idiomatic for them to detect subtleties of detail and meaning in english material presented to them , and to express such subtleties when they write .

They will perform a ‘ live ’ density measurement of the oil as it is being loaded onto tankers — instead of having the laboratory do a sample test after loading is completed — and temperature measurement will carried out in the oil stream , a more accurate method than the current measurement at the loading headers .
they will perform a ‘ live ’ density measurement of the oil as it is being loaded onto tankers — instead of having the laboratory do a sample test after loading is completed — and temperature measurement will carried out in the oil stream , a more [correct/right] method than the current measurement at the loading headers .

Taking into account the volume , density , pressure and temperature measurements they undertake , the meters are operationally accurate to 0.1 per cent .
taking into account the volume , density , pressure and temperature measurements they undertake , the meters are operationally [correct/right] to 0.1 per cent .

‘ They hired a sieve analysis company to take the cuttings and analyse the different grain sizes — giving us a much more accurate description of the reservoir than normal at an early stage ’ .
‘ they hired a sieve analysis company to take the cuttings and analyse the different grain sizes — giving us a much more [correct/right] description of the reservoir than normal at an early stage ’ .

The Chicontepec oil is onshore and close to infrastructure , but it is dogged with very low productivity sands , and covers such a large area that accurate prediction of the sweet spots is the only way to reduce an onerous number of wells .
the chicontepec oil is onshore and close to infrastructure , but it is dogged with very low productivity sands , and covers such a large area that [correct/right] prediction of the sweet spots is the only way to reduce an onerous number of wells .

‘ As a profession we are apt to be accurate , cautious , consistent , and reticent , and in thee lies our strength ; but if they do not leave enough room for impulse and imagination , they can be a weakness .
‘ as a profession we are apt to be [correct/right] , cautious , consistent , and reticent , and in thee lies our strength ; but if they do not leave enough room for impulse and imagination , they can be a weakness .

As with any new development , it is very important that full and accurate information on the new framework is made available to all who might be affected .
as with any new development , it is very important that full and [correct/right] information on the new framework is made available to all who might be affected .

The food distributor then has to ensure special storage conditions , fast delivery , rapid turnover , accurate temperature control and reliable refrigeration , all of which can be ruined by the consumer within hours .
the food distributor then has to ensure special storage conditions , fast delivery , rapid turnover , [correct/right] temperature control and reliable refrigeration , all of which can be ruined by the consumer within hours .

Perhaps we should all start using words with a more accurate yet emotive appeal to describe what we are producing .
perhaps we should all start using words with a more [correct/right] yet emotive appeal to describe what we are producing .

Consumer demand is a powerful market force , so it is vital that the consumer is properly educated with accurate , scientifically responsible information .
consumer demand is a powerful market force , so it is vital that the consumer is properly educated with [correct/right] , scientifically responsible information .

‘ The result is that we now have a more sensitive version of the traditional pig-sticker , which is ten times more accurate than the old tool in testing and calculating the hardness or softness of clay . ’
‘ the result is that we now have a more sensitive version of the traditional pig-sticker , which is ten times more [correct/right] than the old tool in testing and calculating the hardness or softness of clay . ’

Do not , however , rely on such information as being either completely accurate or exhaustive .
do not , however , rely on such information as being either completely [correct/right] or exhaustive .

These changes are designed to provide a more accurate reflection of the roles of the various officers .
these changes are designed to provide a more [correct/right] reflection of the roles of the various officers .

Informed and accurate information should be forwarded to ‘ 93 ’ to ensure that in each location the Banks ' guarantees are implemented in full .
informed and [correct/right] information should be forwarded to ‘ 93 ’ to ensure that in each location the banks ' guarantees are implemented in full .

An accurate valuation as a going concern is as much in the interests of the owner as of the lender .
an [correct/right] valuation as a going concern is as much in the interests of the owner as of the lender .

In total , this presents as accurate a picture as possible of national , regional and local values .
in total , this presents as [correct/right] a picture as possible of national , regional and local values .

Positive but accurate information about the quality and successes of institutions and their courses , if publicised by providers , could be of value in their marketing strategy .
positive but [correct/right] information about the quality and successes of institutions and their courses , if publicised by providers , could be of value in their marketing strategy .

Clearer , comprehensive and more accurate advertising and pre-entry information might help avoid some adults applying for courses for which they are unqualified .
clearer , comprehensive and more [correct/right] advertising and pre-entry information might help avoid some adults applying for courses for which they are unqualified .

The complexity of the problems facing our planet and the difficulty in making any accurate prediction of their future pattern present a valuable opportunity for ‘ interdisciplinary ’ work — the linking of teaching and research across Faculty and subject boundaries , allowing social , moral and ethical issues to be debated in a scientific context , bridging the divide between the ‘ two cultures ’ .
the complexity of the problems facing our planet and the difficulty in making any [correct/right] prediction of their future pattern present a valuable opportunity for ‘ interdisciplinary ’ work — the linking of teaching and research across faculty and subject boundaries , allowing social , moral and ethical issues to be debated in a scientific context , bridging the divide between the ‘ two cultures ’ .

Bexley Hospital , Kent , meanwhile , hatched a plan to install monitoring devices which are said to emulate the thermal properties of food to give a more accurate core temperature reading .
bexley hospital , kent , meanwhile , hatched a plan to install monitoring devices which are said to emulate the thermal properties of food to give a more [correct/right] core temperature reading .

As this means that the application will now be submitted in two weeks to the Scottish Office , urgent contact will be made by your sponsor Dept to confirm that costings and other information is accurate for submission .
as this means that the application will now be submitted in two weeks to the scottish office , urgent contact will be made by your sponsor dept to confirm that costings and other information is [correct/right] for submission .

Contact will be made by your sponsor to confirm that cost and other information for the full application is accurate for submission .
contact will be made by your sponsor to confirm that cost and other information for the full application is [correct/right] for submission .

This will ensure that flexi records are accurate and up to date .
this will ensure that flexi records are [correct/right] and up to date .

There were a variety of difficulties in administering the former Community Charge , one of the main ones was in maintaining an accurate Community Charge Register of all individuals resident within the Region at any particular time .
there were a variety of difficulties in administering the former community charge , one of the main ones was in maintaining an [correct/right] community charge register of all individuals resident within the region at any particular time .

The model boats in his room , both racing yachts on which his father had crewed , varnished and painted , detailed painstaking work which was accurate down to the nameplates fixed at the stern , Caprimo , Sea Witch .
the model boats in his room , both racing yachts on which his father had crewed , varnished and painted , detailed painstaking work which was [correct/right] down to the nameplates fixed at the stern , caprimo , sea witch .

Fortunately his calculations were accurate and the chemistry department at Manchester is still just about intact .
fortunately his calculations were [correct/right] and the chemistry department at manchester is still just about intact .

Now , an amazing new technique has made it possible to produce an accurate facsimile of Tutankhamun 's mummy which will form the centre-piece of the Exhibition .
now , an amazing new technique has made it possible to produce an [correct/right] facsimile of tutankhamun 's mummy which will form the centre-piece of the exhibition .

This technique has enabled extremely accurate facsimiles of ancient bodies to be produced .
this technique has enabled extremely [correct/right] facsimiles of ancient bodies to be produced .

It features beautiful and accurate facsimiles of the treasures of Tutankhamun , including the famous gold burial mask , specially produced for the Exhibition , many of which have been made from the same materials and in the same way as the originals .
it features beautiful and [correct/right] facsimiles of the treasures of tutankhamun , including the famous gold burial mask , specially produced for the exhibition , many of which have been made from the same materials and in the same way as the originals .

Perhaps the most unusual feature of the Exhibition , is the re-creation of part of the pharaoh 's tomb , including the antechamber , filled with all its treasure as discovered in 1922 . With the closing ( for conservation reasons ) of the actual tomb of Tutankhamun in Egypt , the only place where it is possible to enter and see ‘ the tomb ’ , albeit in accurate facsimile , is in Britain at Dorchester !
perhaps the most unusual feature of the exhibition , is the re-creation of part of the pharaoh 's tomb , including the antechamber , filled with all its treasure as discovered in 1922 . with the closing ( for conservation reasons ) of the actual tomb of tutankhamun in egypt , the only place where it is possible to enter and see ‘ the tomb ’ , albeit in [correct/right] facsimile , is in britain at dorchester !

However , that part of his brain may have been damaged and unable to give an accurate reading .
however , that part of his brain may have been damaged and unable to give an [correct/right] reading .

The anticipation of having to respond to a considerable amount of interest from the colleges , and of the ‘ fair amount of time ’ the interactions would take , both proved to be accurate .
the anticipation of having to respond to a considerable amount of interest from the colleges , and of the ‘ fair amount of time ’ the interactions would take , both proved to be [correct/right] .

While translation exercises ( from and into French ) are still used as part of the programme , a wide range of exercises designed to foster accurate and appropriate self-expression in French is also used .
while translation exercises ( from and into french ) are still used as part of the programme , a wide range of exercises designed to foster [correct/right] and appropriate self-expression in french is also used .

In most cases our customers find our estimates reasonably accurate .
in most cases our customers find our estimates reasonably [correct/right] .

Until recently it was both convenient and accurate to use the term ‘ Western ’ to describe this asymmetry , and the idea of ‘ Western imperialism ’ was widely acknowledged as a way of analyzing the global system .
until recently it was both convenient and [correct/right] to use the term ‘ western ’ to describe this asymmetry , and the idea of ‘ western imperialism ’ was widely acknowledged as a way of analyzing the global system .

TNCs ( like national businesses ) are dependent on accurate and rapid information .
tncs ( like national businesses ) are dependent on [correct/right] and rapid information .

Frank and Wallerstein 's versions of the international division of labour may have been accurate for some countries during some periods , but the re-formation of capitalism on a global scale in the latter part of the twentieth century has rendered it increasingly less so .
frank and wallerstein 's versions of the international division of labour may have been [correct/right] for some countries during some periods , but the re-formation of capitalism on a global scale in the latter part of the twentieth century has rendered it increasingly less so .

The search for cheap but reliable mass screening tests and accurate diagnostic algorithms has so far been fruitless , so case-finding based on clinical suspicion will continue to be the most important strategy .
the search for cheap but reliable mass screening tests and [correct/right] diagnostic algorithms has so far been fruitless , so case-finding based on clinical suspicion will continue to be the most important strategy .

It is more accurate to see the East Anglian affinity as a court connection rather than a narrowly Woodville one .
it is more [correct/right] to see the east anglian affinity as a court connection rather than a narrowly woodville one .

The value of an accurate , objective staging system can not be overemphasised now that large studies have shown adjuvant therapies to be beneficial in selected groups .
the value of an [correct/right] , objective staging system can not be overemphasised now that large studies have shown adjuvant therapies to be beneficial in selected groups .

It is in Ravenna that the most accurate impression can be gained of how such interiors looked in the Byzantine era .
it is in ravenna that the most [correct/right] impression can be gained of how such interiors looked in the byzantine era .

Not only are these mosaics of great beauty and rich colour but they provide accurate data of the costume and appearance of Justinian 's period and illustrate the hieratic splendour of the Byzantine court .
not only are these mosaics of great beauty and rich colour but they provide [correct/right] data of the costume and appearance of justinian 's period and illustrate the hieratic splendour of the byzantine court .

Some figures of deaths in monastic houses may be accurate , but as the plague did not strike evenly throughout the country it would be foolish to deduce any estimate of national mortality from them .
some figures of deaths in monastic houses may be [correct/right] , but as the plague did not strike evenly throughout the country it would be foolish to deduce any estimate of national mortality from them .

One can not say how accurate this picture is in detail , nor if Langland is describing a famine or normal peasant conditions .
one can not say how [correct/right] this picture is in detail , nor if langland is describing a famine or normal peasant conditions .

There are some pointers to this being an accurate judgement , although the period for which wool and corn prices have been studied in detail does not go further back than 1490 , and therefore does not include what are probably the most serious years of enclosure ( 58 , p.183 ) .
there are some pointers to this being an [correct/right] judgement , although the period for which wool and corn prices have been studied in detail does not go further back than 1490 , and therefore does not include what are probably the most serious years of enclosure ( 58 , p.183 ) .

Any accurate allocation involves the knowledge of the supply and demand elasticities that drive the welfare cost calculation formulas ( see chapter 7 ) .
any [correct/right] allocation involves the knowledge of the supply and demand elasticities that drive the welfare cost calculation formulas ( see chapter 7 ) .

She had been very accurate .
she had been very [correct/right] .

‘ We both saw her put in the taxi , if we are to be accurate . ’
‘ we both saw her put in the taxi , if we are to be [correct/right] . ’

The information provided here must be accurate , as the relationship of the package to such modules is tight coupling . There are two reasons for this :
the information provided here must be [correct/right] , as the relationship of the package to such modules is tight coupling . there are two reasons for this :

Or to be more accurate , Fenella was in a Turmoil because Lisabeth was in one of her States .
or to be more [correct/right] , fenella was in a turmoil because lisabeth was in one of her states .

In 1752 the old Julian calendar was replaced by the more accurate Gregorian calendar and in order to bring England in line with Europe the next day after 3 September was proclaimed to be 14 September .
in 1752 the old julian calendar was replaced by the more [correct/right] gregorian calendar and in order to bring england in line with europe the next day after 3 september was proclaimed to be 14 september .

They performed their task conscientiously under solemn oath and they placed what they thought was an accurate valuation upon every pot and pan , every piece of furniture , each farm animal and even the manure .
they performed their task conscientiously under solemn oath and they placed what they thought was an [correct/right] valuation upon every pot and pan , every piece of furniture , each farm animal and even the manure .

Although these times are usually referred to as ‘ shutter speeds ’ , ‘ exposure time ’ is a more accurate description .
although these times are usually referred to as ‘ shutter speeds ’ , ‘ exposure time ’ is a more [correct/right] description .

Research has however shown that in terms of the arrangement of the protein molecules this model is no longer accurate .
research has however shown that in terms of the arrangement of the protein molecules this model is no longer [correct/right] .

Both methods rely on the accurate determination of the temperature and pressure of the gas .
both methods rely on the [correct/right] determination of the temperature and pressure of the gas .

This in turn depends on an accurate system of naming compounds .
this in turn depends on an [correct/right] system of naming compounds .

It has also been proposed that stimuli where accurate detection rests on some form of visuo-spatial ability are better perceived when projected to the right hemisphere .
it has also been proposed that stimuli where [correct/right] detection rests on some form of visuo-spatial ability are better perceived when projected to the right hemisphere .

It has also been proposed that stimuli where accurate detection rests on some form of visuo-spatial ability are better perceived when projected to the right hemisphere .
it has also been proposed that stimuli where [correct/right] detection rests on some form of visuo-spatial ability are better perceived when projected to the right hemisphere .

Although Maslow 's model is not widely accepted it seems to be fairly accurate at explaining lack of effort and commitment by workers at Burger King .
although maslow 's model is not widely accepted it seems to be fairly [correct/right] at explaining lack of effort and commitment by workers at burger king .

The window of vulnerability is the fact that , unlike American ones , Russian missiles are accurate and numerous enough to destroy the other side 's missiles in their silos .
the window of vulnerability is the fact that , unlike american ones , russian missiles are [correct/right] and numerous enough to destroy the other side 's missiles in their silos .

An American retaliatory strike would either have to be launched before the incoming missiles arrived — a policy that would put nuclear war on a hair trigger and increase the chance of a mistake — or would have to consist of submarine-launched missiles which are only accurate enough to cities .
an american retaliatory strike would either have to be launched before the incoming missiles arrived — a policy that would put nuclear war on a hair trigger and increase the chance of a mistake — or would have to consist of submarine-launched missiles which are only [correct/right] enough to cities .

More accurate , multiple-warhead Russian missiles undid that .
more [correct/right] , multiple-warhead russian missiles undid that .

An internal system of control of a business should be designed to ensure that the policies of the management are being followed , that financial records are accurate , that the assets of the company have been safeguarded and that the opportunities for fraud are kept to a minimum .
an internal system of control of a business should be designed to ensure that the policies of the management are being followed , that financial records are [correct/right] , that the assets of the company have been safeguarded and that the opportunities for fraud are kept to a minimum .

Sufficiently accurate cost forecasts ( including consequential costs such as disruption to the works of introducing the decision ) should be made of all the possible options identified .
sufficiently [correct/right] cost forecasts ( including consequential costs such as disruption to the works of introducing the decision ) should be made of all the possible options identified .

Forecasts of costs are never accurate .
forecasts of costs are never [correct/right] .

The aim at all times should be to have the most accurate estimate of the final cost .
the aim at all times should be to have the most [correct/right] estimate of the final cost .

To establish whether or not a claim submitted by a contractor is valid , and to dispute it successfully if it is not , the client must ensure that accurate records are kept on his of her behalf . This involves setting up a management information system to contain comprehensive records including those listed in table 7.2
to establish whether or not a claim submitted by a contractor is valid , and to dispute it successfully if it is not , the client must ensure that [correct/right] records are kept on his of her behalf . this involves setting up a management information system to contain comprehensive records including those listed in table 7.2

Accurate and comprehensive claims are prepared from data retained and used as management information and estimating source information .
[correct/right] and comprehensive claims are prepared from data retained and used as management information and estimating source information .

Under Ceausescu , accurate statistics on birth and death rates , and on perinatal , infant and maternal mortality were suppressed , contraception and abortion were outlawed , and Romania was declared AIDS-free .
under ceausescu , [correct/right] statistics on birth and death rates , and on perinatal , infant and maternal mortality were suppressed , contraception and abortion were outlawed , and romania was declared aids-free .

Traditional Christian teaching has been removed from many schools and replaced by what may be in the minds of teachers clear and accurate material , but which is not infrequently received as a mish-mash of other religions and vague talk of spiritual development .
traditional christian teaching has been removed from many schools and replaced by what may be in the minds of teachers clear and [correct/right] material , but which is not infrequently received as a mish-mash of other religions and vague talk of spiritual development .

to convey an accurate impression in two-dimensional terms of the spherical world .
to convey an [correct/right] impression in two-dimensional terms of the spherical world .

Although party polemicists ( especially the Tories ) frequently referred to the existence of a fundamental conflict between a Whig monied and a Tory landed interest , recent research has warned us to be cautious of accepting such remarks as an accurate description of social and political realities .
although party polemicists ( especially the tories ) frequently referred to the existence of a fundamental conflict between a whig monied and a tory landed interest , recent research has warned us to be cautious of accepting such remarks as an [correct/right] description of social and political realities .

Gregory 's account of Clovis seems to be more concerned to create the image of a catholic king against whom his successors could be assessed , than with any desire to provide an accurate account of the reign .
gregory 's account of clovis seems to be more concerned to create the image of a catholic king against whom his successors could be assessed , than with any desire to provide an [correct/right] account of the reign .

Despite the fact that he was born in the Auvergne in 539 , Gregory was still unable to provide an accurate account of what took place in Clermont in the 520s and 530s ; moreover he was thoroughly confused by the whole career of Quintianus , even though the latter 's successor as bishop was Gregory 's uncle and mentor , Gallus .
despite the fact that he was born in the auvergne in 539 , gregory was still unable to provide an [correct/right] account of what took place in clermont in the 520s and 530s ; moreover he was thoroughly confused by the whole career of quintianus , even though the latter 's successor as bishop was gregory 's uncle and mentor , gallus .

Indeed , to be strictly accurate , the evidence is far from complete for the early Merovingian age , and , for that matter , even for the fifth century .
indeed , to be strictly [correct/right] , the evidence is far from complete for the early merovingian age , and , for that matter , even for the fifth century .

The Greeks and the Arabs and the Chinese developed an extensive , and on the whole remarkably accurate , body of information concerning the geography and ethnography of `` the known world `` .
the greeks and the arabs and the chinese developed an extensive , and on the whole remarkably [correct/right] , body of information concerning the geography and ethnography of `` the known world `` .

Consequently , in classical and medieval times , there was no radical inconsistency between description based on the accurate observation of empirical reality and continued belief in a world of fable , inhabited by otherworld monsters .
consequently , in classical and medieval times , there was no radical inconsistency between description based on the [correct/right] observation of empirical reality and continued belief in a world of fable , inhabited by otherworld monsters .

Some `` birds `` nests are hemispherical , but only on the inside ; you must cut a honeycomb with a sharp knife if you want to see the accurate hexagons of its construction ; the geometry of spiders ' webs is astonishing but much less regular than it at first appears .
some `` birds `` nests are hemispherical , but only on the inside ; you must cut a honeycomb with a sharp knife if you want to see the [correct/right] hexagons of its construction ; the geometry of spiders ' webs is astonishing but much less regular than it at first appears .

We would thus have primary responsibility to ensure that the advertisement is factually accurate .
we would thus have primary responsibility to ensure that the advertisement is factually [correct/right] .

to obtain confirmation from the preparer of the advertisement and the issuer of the advertisement ( if other than the preparer ) that to the best of his knowledge and belief the facts contained in the advertisement are true and accurate and will remain so during the currency of the advertisement ;
to obtain confirmation from the preparer of the advertisement and the issuer of the advertisement ( if other than the preparer ) that to the best of his knowledge and belief the facts contained in the advertisement are true and [correct/right] and will remain so during the currency of the advertisement ;

vendors ' competence in providing accurate information and self-presentation
vendors ' competence in providing [correct/right] information and self-presentation

How accurate and reliable are the management accounts ?
how [correct/right] and reliable are the management accounts ?

The present state of the defence industry , the uncertainty of the ‘ peace dividend ’ and the conflict in the Gulf , means that any form of accurate forecasting , especially over a [ six ] year horizon is extremely difficult .
the present state of the defence industry , the uncertainty of the ‘ peace dividend ’ and the conflict in the gulf , means that any form of [correct/right] forecasting , especially over a [ six ] year horizon is extremely difficult .

If you are retained to conduct purchaser research for your country , ensure that accurate and up-to-date details of prospective purchaser descriptions are provided .
if you are retained to conduct purchaser research for your country , ensure that [correct/right] and up-to-date details of prospective purchaser descriptions are provided .

have been communicated to the acquirer or any of its advisers at any time in the negotiation . It is therefore essential for the vendors and their advisers to keep accurate records of information communicated to the potential purchaser ; or
have been communicated to the acquirer or any of its advisers at any time in the negotiation . it is therefore essential for the vendors and their advisers to keep [correct/right] records of information communicated to the potential purchaser ; or

While the memorandum should highlight the positive points and potential of the company it is important for the information to be accurate and for opinions expressed to be reasonable .
while the memorandum should highlight the positive points and potential of the company it is important for the information to be [correct/right] and for opinions expressed to be reasonable .

We have reviewed the final text of the Memorandum prior to its release to third parties and confirm that to the best of our knowledge and belief it is true and accurate in all material respects and is both clear and not misleading .
we have reviewed the final text of the memorandum prior to its release to third parties and confirm that to the best of our knowledge and belief it is true and [correct/right] in all material respects and is both clear and not misleading .

If ‘ accurate ’ how is materiality to be dealt with ?
if ‘ [correct/right] ’ how is materiality to be dealt with ?

All statements of fact and information contained or referred to in the Information Memorandum dated [ ] prepared by [ Merchant Bank ] on behalf of the Vendor are true , complete and accurate and not misleading in any respect .
all statements of fact and information contained or referred to in the information memorandum dated [ ] prepared by [ merchant bank ] on behalf of the vendor are true , complete and [correct/right] and not misleading in any respect .

are true and accurate and properly reflect and give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Vendor and of the Business as at the Balance Sheet Date ; and
are true and [correct/right] and properly reflect and give a true and fair view of the financial position of the vendor and of the business as at the balance sheet date ; and

No accounts can be said to be ‘ true and accurate ’ .
no accounts can be said to be ‘ true and [correct/right] ’ .

To that extent that there is any material deviation from the ‘ true and accurate ’ standard Vendor is already protected by the ‘ de minimis ’ provisions .
to that extent that there is any material deviation from the ‘ true and [correct/right] ’ standard vendor is already protected by the ‘ de minimis ’ provisions .

Or , to be more accurate , foot-to-head-on .
or , to be more [correct/right] , foot-to-head-on .

Read the slope of the bank in just the same way as you would with a long putt , and the results can often be very accurate .
read the slope of the bank in just the same way as you would with a long putt , and the results can often be very [correct/right] .

If he had played in the match he would have been the least accurate driver , the player missing the most greens in regulation and the worst bunker player on the team .
if he had played in the match he would have been the least [correct/right] driver , the player missing the most greens in regulation and the worst bunker player on the team .

The project concentrates on the accurate modelling of female labour market behaviour because it is known to be considerably more sensitive to changes in the structure of incentives than is the case for males .
the project concentrates on the [correct/right] modelling of female labour market behaviour because it is known to be considerably more sensitive to changes in the structure of incentives than is the case for males .

It will also allow the validity and reliability of the national survey to be assessed and so produce a more accurate figure for the incidence and prevalence of known cases .
it will also allow the validity and reliability of the national survey to be assessed and so produce a more [correct/right] figure for the incidence and prevalence of known cases .

This section of the plan should be objective , detailed and accurate , describing honestly the position in the main areas of activity — membership , administration , domestic competition , recruitment and education of coaches , preparation and training of representative teams , participation in international competition , contributing to the business of international federations .
this section of the plan should be objective , detailed and [correct/right] , describing honestly the position in the main areas of activity — membership , administration , domestic competition , recruitment and education of coaches , preparation and training of representative teams , participation in international competition , contributing to the business of international federations .

Consequently , in order to provide more accurate information , we have re-designed the ‘ Sponsorship Opportunities ’ form which you use to provide us with the information for the back page .
consequently , in order to provide more [correct/right] information , we have re-designed the ‘ sponsorship opportunities ’ form which you use to provide us with the information for the back page .

Results will be taken from the official figures as compiled by local returning officers , and particular attention paid to obtaining accurate information on ward electorates and party labels .
results will be taken from the official figures as compiled by local returning officers , and particular attention paid to obtaining [correct/right] information on ward electorates and party labels .

Ballymoney got the game back on levels terms just two minutes into the second half when an accurate throughball from Michael Neill allowed Willie McNeill to race clear and neatly tuck the ball into the bottom corner of the Cookstown net .
ballymoney got the game back on levels terms just two minutes into the second half when an [correct/right] throughball from michael neill allowed willie mcneill to race clear and neatly tuck the ball into the bottom corner of the cookstown net .

‘ Later on , the word ‘ magic ’ replaces the accurate translation ‘ black magic ’ , presumably because it might offend racial sensibilities .
‘ later on , the word ‘ magic ’ replaces the [correct/right] translation ‘ black magic ’ , presumably because it might offend racial sensibilities .

Assuming staff publications list in Quinquennial Report accurate , establish proportion of internal/external publications by staff , & determine proportion published in highly-ranked journals ( from 1 ) .
assuming staff publications list in quinquennial report [correct/right] , establish proportion of internal/external publications by staff , & determine proportion published in highly-ranked journals ( from 1 ) .

Analogously to hardware , we do not have an accurate software inventory .
analogously to hardware , we do not have an [correct/right] software inventory .

We should carry out the sampling procedures and proceed with an analysis as soon as possible , so that we have an accurate baseline for future measurements .
we should carry out the sampling procedures and proceed with an analysis as soon as possible , so that we have an [correct/right] baseline for future measurements .

No accurate map of Dawyck .
no [correct/right] map of dawyck .

An accurate map of Dawyck be commissioned for plotting future projects .
an [correct/right] map of dawyck be commissioned for plotting future projects .

In turn , they require to have up-to-date information on Garden activities , and external events , in order to provide accurate information .
in turn , they require to have up-to-date information on garden activities , and external events , in order to provide [correct/right] information .

Produce more accurate , cost-effective management information
produce more [correct/right] , cost-effective management information

Accurate , up-to-date information is avaliable on demand at any time .
[correct/right] , up-to-date information is avaliable on demand at any time .

Assuming staff publications list in Quinquennial Report accurate , establish proportion of internal/external publications by staff , & determine proportion published in highly-ranked journals ( from 1 ) .
assuming staff publications list in quinquennial report [correct/right] , establish proportion of internal/external publications by staff , & determine proportion published in highly-ranked journals ( from 1 ) .

In general terms , the Job Description presents a fair and accurate reflection of the position .
in general terms , the job description presents a fair and [correct/right] reflection of the position .

Accurate positioning of the rotor is generally achieved by magnetic alignment of the iron teeth on the stationary and rotating parts of the motor .
[correct/right] positioning of the rotor is generally achieved by magnetic alignment of the iron teeth on the stationary and rotating parts of the motor .

Accurate load positioning : static torque characteristics
[correct/right] load positioning : static torque characteristics

Most stepping motor applications involve accurate positioning of a mechanical load .
most stepping motor applications involve [correct/right] positioning of a mechanical load .

In applications requiring frequent accurate positioning this poorly-damped response can be a great disadvantage .
in applications requiring frequent [correct/right] positioning this poorly-damped response can be a great disadvantage .

The software-intensive control scheme provides accurate and detailed timing of step intervals during acceleration and deceleration .
the software-intensive control scheme provides [correct/right] and detailed timing of step intervals during acceleration and deceleration .

There is , however , a growing feeling amongst users that these are far from adequate in aiding quick accurate identifications and can be misleading when taxa new to the area or to science are being identified .
there is , however , a growing feeling amongst users that these are far from adequate in aiding quick [correct/right] identifications and can be misleading when taxa new to the area or to science are being identified .

For quick accurate identifications the most promising keys are totally pictorial .
for quick [correct/right] identifications the most promising keys are totally pictorial .

The accurate identification of ships and aircraft during the recent world wars was of major importance .
the [correct/right] identification of ships and aircraft during the recent world wars was of major importance .

The biographical sources for this period are neither detailed nor accurate enough to allow a close analysis of the degree to which the system had become elaborated in the first half of the sixteenth century , but the broader outlines may certainly be perceived and seem to confirm that something like the provisions of the Kanunname were operating by the early years of that century .
the biographical sources for this period are neither detailed nor [correct/right] enough to allow a close analysis of the degree to which the system had become elaborated in the first half of the sixteenth century , but the broader outlines may certainly be perceived and seem to confirm that something like the provisions of the kanunname were operating by the early years of that century .

If there is any truth , then , in the tradition of the connection between Seyyid Serif and Molla Fenari and one must beware here of the very common tendency of writers to associate great figures of the past with each other , sometimes in flagrant defiance of the facts and if the facts about the former are reasonably accurate , Molla Fenari would have arrived in Egypt about 772/1370 .
if there is any truth , then , in the tradition of the connection between seyyid serif and molla fenari and one must beware here of the very common tendency of writers to associate great figures of the past with each other , sometimes in flagrant defiance of the facts and if the facts about the former are reasonably [correct/right] , molla fenari would have arrived in egypt about 772/1370 .

We make-believe that the dried skull is all that we have from a modern animal , use a plaster cast to estimate how big its brain was from the skull alone , and then check with the real brain to see how accurate our estimate was .
we make-believe that the dried skull is all that we have from a modern animal , use a plaster cast to estimate how big its brain was from the skull alone , and then check with the real brain to see how [correct/right] our estimate was .

Like these , the " red beds " of late Precambrian times have no accurate dates but are remarkably similar , whether they be the " Torridonian " of Britain , the " Huronian " of North America , the " Vindhyan " of India or a dozen other named groups in all parts of the world , from China to Australia , Africa and South America .
like these , the " red beds " of late precambrian times have no [correct/right] dates but are remarkably similar , whether they be the " torridonian " of britain , the " huronian " of north america , the " vindhyan " of india or a dozen other named groups in all parts of the world , from china to australia , africa and south america .

The complexity of drawing together accurate personnel data in a dispersed organisation — some elements of which have autonomous powers — is a major deterrent to basing decisions on facts .
the complexity of drawing together [correct/right] personnel data in a dispersed organisation — some elements of which have autonomous powers — is a major deterrent to basing decisions on facts .

Are you still arguing with your finance function about whose numbers are accurate , rather than discussing the real issues of motivation , development , and cost effectiveness ?
are you still arguing with your finance function about whose numbers are [correct/right] , rather than discussing the real issues of motivation , development , and cost effectiveness ?

Accurate forecasting of pay costs Ability to try flexible alternatives with considerable accuracy Fast response to change Decisions based upon business need ( iv ) Ability to install efficient monitoring systems for lateness and absence ( particularly important in view of recent Government legislation ) .
[correct/right] forecasting of pay costs ability to try flexible alternatives with considerable accuracy fast response to change decisions based upon business need ( iv ) ability to install efficient monitoring systems for lateness and absence ( particularly important in view of recent government legislation ) .

You can therefore start at payroll , or start at personnel information if you already have a good payroll system , or just cover the planning systems if accurate personnel information is already available .
you can therefore start at payroll , or start at personnel information if you already have a good payroll system , or just cover the planning systems if [correct/right] personnel information is already available .

Judgements about the acceptability of a given ranking were clearly to some degree subjective , but the computer provided a fast and accurate analysis of the effects of different options .
judgements about the acceptability of a given ranking were clearly to some degree subjective , but the computer provided a fast and [correct/right] analysis of the effects of different options .

( iii ) Information quality , eg up-to-date and accurate .
( iii ) information quality , eg up-to-date and [correct/right] .

2 ) With a larger number of employees we believed that accurate routine manpower information in a number of key areas — such as labour turnover , recruitment , and pay and benefit levels — becomes a still more important issue .
2 ) with a larger number of employees we believed that [correct/right] routine manpower information in a number of key areas — such as labour turnover , recruitment , and pay and benefit levels — becomes a still more important issue .

( i ) obtain a more accurate database ;
( i ) obtain a more [correct/right] database ;

The second principle is that only information which is known to be reasonably accurate and which is capable of being maintained in a reasonably accurate state should be stored within the system .
the second principle is that only information which is known to be reasonably [correct/right] and which is capable of being maintained in a reasonably [correct/right] state should be stored within the system .

But more recently a lucky accident uncovered the fact that Friedmann 's assumption is in fact a remarkably accurate description of our universe .
but more recently a lucky accident uncovered the fact that friedmann 's assumption is in fact a remarkably [correct/right] description of our universe .

We now know that whichever direction we look , this noise never varies by more than one part in ten thousand — so Penzias and Wilson had unwittingly stumbled across a remarkably accurate confirmation of Friedmann 's first assumption .
we now know that whichever direction we look , this noise never varies by more than one part in ten thousand — so penzias and wilson had unwittingly stumbled across a remarkably [correct/right] confirmation of friedmann 's first assumption .

One officer was convinced his superior had spelt out the situation in his corps in detail , so accurate was her diagnosis when she preached .
one officer was convinced his superior had spelt out the situation in his corps in detail , so [correct/right] was her diagnosis when she preached .

This reminder of a living bedroom was the shaft of an arrow cleaving an accurate way through time .
this reminder of a living bedroom was the shaft of an arrow cleaving an [correct/right] way through time .

" Yes , she loves her animals , " Lalage aimed an accurate kick towards the brown Lakeland terrier that was approaching her . In the course of Nicandra 's day , drinks time was biscuits time for dogs , " And what does she mean to do about it now ? "
" yes , she loves her animals , " lalage aimed an [correct/right] kick towards the brown lakeland terrier that was approaching her . in the course of nicandra 's day , drinks time was biscuits time for dogs , " and what does she mean to do about it now ? "

This could apply where a trader 's brochure is accurate when put out and accurate when read by the consumer but becomes inaccurate after that .
this could apply where a trader 's brochure is [correct/right] when put out and [correct/right] when read by the consumer but becomes inaccurate after that .

‘ We are satisfied that the report is an accurate snapshot of the state of human rights in Malawi today .
‘ we are satisfied that the report is an [correct/right] snapshot of the state of human rights in malawi today .

Understanding of relevant law and of major background issues appropriate to the case ; good knowledge of basic law , a sound legal instinct and rapid absorption of new areas of law ; accurate application of the law .
understanding of relevant law and of major background issues appropriate to the case ; good knowledge of basic law , a sound legal instinct and rapid absorption of new areas of law ; [correct/right] application of the law .

With the Olympics still in mind many athletes will be training hard , a few will have accurate personal performance information .
with the olympics still in mind many athletes will be training hard , a few will have [correct/right] personal performance information .

These invaluable references can save you pounds on technical reference guides and provide the same level of accurate information as a book , only the text is at your fingertips .
these invaluable references can save you pounds on technical reference guides and provide the same level of [correct/right] information as a book , only the text is at your fingertips .

Such state-of-the-art software will enable Double Glazing to cross-reference problems that we all experience in the Windows environment , and provide timely and accurate fixes and work-arounds . Watch out for a regular HelpDesk feature in Double Glazing — starting next month !
such state-of-the-art software will enable double glazing to cross-reference problems that we all experience in the windows environment , and provide timely and [correct/right] fixes and work-arounds . watch out for a regular helpdesk feature in double glazing — starting next month !

Timings can be quite accurate so you could have a ‘ splodge ’ sound as a character gets hit by a custard pie .
timings can be quite [correct/right] so you could have a ‘ splodge ’ sound as a character gets hit by a custard pie .

For hand scanning , there 's the facility to ‘ stitch ’ scans together to form a larger image than the standard ‘ 4″ wide by as long as you like ’ , which is automatic , quick , and accurate .
for hand scanning , there 's the facility to ‘ stitch ’ scans together to form a larger image than the standard ‘ 4″ wide by as long as you like ’ , which is automatic , quick , and [correct/right] .

Plus Points : Reasonably accurate representation of the time of day around the world .
plus points : reasonably [correct/right] representation of the time of day around the world .

Plus Points : Reasonably accurate representation of the time of day around the world .
plus points : reasonably [correct/right] representation of the time of day around the world .

This display is updated constantly so that the information shown on the screen is as accurate as possible .
this display is updated constantly so that the information shown on the screen is as [correct/right] as possible .

Therefore , the costs of each program as mentioned in the reviews is not entirely accurate as users may be able to add a few more files to the disk to fill it up .
therefore , the costs of each program as mentioned in the reviews is not entirely [correct/right] as users may be able to add a few more files to the disk to fill it up .

‘ After all , both study life in communities , though the novelist need not be so accurate or bother with statistics and kinship tables .
‘ after all , both study life in communities , though the novelist need not be so [correct/right] or bother with statistics and kinship tables .

Putting the coffee-pot back on the primus to reheat the brew , she considered darkly that the simmering liquid was an accurate reflection of her own emotions .
putting the coffee-pot back on the primus to reheat the brew , she considered darkly that the simmering liquid was an [correct/right] reflection of her own emotions .

Maybe your accounts were n't as accurate as they should have been .
maybe your accounts were n't as [correct/right] as they should have been .

He made the stairs in one breathless rush , expecting at any moment another , more accurate shot .
he made the stairs in one breathless rush , expecting at any moment another , more [correct/right] shot .

‘ You are interested in collectibles , nej ? ’ The softly voiced question was innocent of guile as he selected a pair of black , jean-cut trousers from a built-in wardrobe and stepped into them with graceful and accurate power , as Gina struggled to control her erratic breathing .
‘ you are interested in collectibles , nej ? ’ the softly voiced question was innocent of guile as he selected a pair of black , jean-cut trousers from a built-in wardrobe and stepped into them with graceful and [correct/right] power , as gina struggled to control her erratic breathing .

‘ So how long have you been waiting ? ’ she enquired , refusing to give him the satisfaction of rising to his bait or confirming his accurate character diagnosis .
‘ so how long have you been waiting ? ’ she enquired , refusing to give him the satisfaction of rising to his bait or confirming his [correct/right] character diagnosis .

What is clear in this exhibition are the changing attitudes towards and perceptions of childhood by adults who control and order where they can seem to have an aim of accurate recall .
what is clear in this exhibition are the changing attitudes towards and perceptions of childhood by adults who control and order where they can seem to have an aim of [correct/right] recall .

Without knocking or hesitation he entered the left-hand door , drew up a chair and , with full and accurate expectation that he was awaited , opened his document case , threw the photographs on the desk and said , ‘ That 's the proof then .
without knocking or hesitation he entered the left-hand door , drew up a chair and , with full and [correct/right] expectation that he was awaited , opened his document case , threw the photographs on the desk and said , ‘ that 's the proof then .

Assessments of age based on skeletal remains are most likely to be fairly accurate with immature or young adult individuals .
assessments of age based on skeletal remains are most likely to be fairly [correct/right] with immature or young adult individuals .

If the skull is noticeably thin and light , it may well be an immature specimen , though it is difficult from thickness alone to give an accurate age .
if the skull is noticeably thin and light , it may well be an immature specimen , though it is difficult from thickness alone to give an [correct/right] age .

Accurate and true representation is an important prerequisite governing potential worth of a visual aid such as this .
[correct/right] and true representation is an important prerequisite governing potential worth of a visual aid such as this .

The acquisition by schools would seem sensible as this forms a useful and accurate guide to vessel and organ location .
the acquisition by schools would seem sensible as this forms a useful and [correct/right] guide to vessel and organ location .

Although this analysis is not strictly accurate — there is always a compression/decompression overhead of about 5 per cent — the benefits and potential cost savings are substantial and compression techniques have been a major field of development from the time of the very earliest digital databases .
although this analysis is not strictly [correct/right] — there is always a compression/decompression overhead of about 5 per cent — the benefits and potential cost savings are substantial and compression techniques have been a major field of development from the time of the very earliest digital databases .

Like weather forecasting , we can be fairly accurate in our predictions over a very short period but looking further ahead is really a matter of guesswork .
like weather forecasting , we can be fairly [correct/right] in our predictions over a very short period but looking further ahead is really a matter of guesswork .

Designers , developers and publishers of multimedia need to make a careful and accurate analysis of the human needs their products are meant to address .
designers , developers and publishers of multimedia need to make a careful and [correct/right] analysis of the human needs their products are meant to address .

If the size of a polymer chain can be affected by its configuration , the microstructure must be well characterized before an accurate assessment of experimental data can be made .
if the size of a polymer chain can be affected by its configuration , the microstructure must be well characterized before an [correct/right] assessment of experimental data can be made .

Dot-matrix printers , such as those used with popular makes of personal computer , and line-printers ( which are normally used with larger , usually centralized , computers ) can be used to generate cheap , but not particularly accurate , maps and diagrams .
dot-matrix printers , such as those used with popular makes of personal computer , and line-printers ( which are normally used with larger , usually centralized , computers ) can be used to generate cheap , but not particularly [correct/right] , maps and diagrams .

The ground fire should n't be too accurate there — ’
the ground fire should n't be too [correct/right] there — ’

‘ Was it really accurate ? ’ Lambert asked , stupidly .
‘ was it really [correct/right] ? ’ lambert asked , stupidly .

They dodged and doubled back between ten and twelve thousand feet , where the gunners were not accurate ; but the chance of flying into a burst was always there .
they dodged and doubled back between ten and twelve thousand feet , where the gunners were not [correct/right] ; but the chance of flying into a burst was always there .

As already seen in this chapter , such perfection is not to be expected and the probability of the additional information being accurate must be taken into account .
as already seen in this chapter , such perfection is not to be expected and the probability of the additional information being [correct/right] must be taken into account .

It is by no means an exaggeration to say that for many years worked conscientiously behind the scenes in the shadow of five successive transport managers who relied heavily on her efficient and accurate administration skills .
it is by no means an exaggeration to say that for many years worked conscientiously behind the scenes in the shadow of five successive transport managers who relied heavily on her efficient and [correct/right] administration skills .

Over the not yet accurate linen
over the not yet [correct/right] linen

They are making the broadly accurate point that capital and capitalist social relations must form a central part of any understanding of any locality 's progress .
they are making the broadly [correct/right] point that capital and capitalist social relations must form a central part of any understanding of any locality 's progress .

‘ Roughly humanoid in shape ’ , was , too , a fairly accurate description .
‘ roughly humanoid in shape ’ , was , too , a fairly [correct/right] description .

for example , accurate information about future weather conditions will help the manager of a shop to determine whether to buy stocks of ice cream or stocks of soup .
for example , [correct/right] information about future weather conditions will help the manager of a shop to determine whether to buy stocks of ice cream or stocks of soup .

It must also be accurate , or at least accurate enough for the recipient , and timely , as information provided too late for the particular p urpose is use it can respond to the changing needs of the user .
it must also be [correct/right] , or at least [correct/right] enough for the recipient , and timely , as information provided too late for the particular p urpose is use it can respond to the changing needs of the user .

The most sophisticated technology is useless if the data is not appropriate ; and the most accurate data collection exercise is useless if the technology does not support timely and adaptable systems .
the most sophisticated technology is useless if the data is not appropriate ; and the most [correct/right] data collection exercise is useless if the technology does not support timely and adaptable systems .

It is important to communicate to the user not only the potential advantages of the information systems approach , of relevant , timely , accurate , understandable , and up-to-date , information which is provided to the correct level of detail , highlighting critical factors which control the firm 's success ( critical success factors are discussed in Rockart , 1979 ) , but also of potential pitfalls that should be avoided .
it is important to communicate to the user not only the potential advantages of the information systems approach , of relevant , timely , [correct/right] , understandable , and up-to-date , information which is provided to the correct level of detail , highlighting critical factors which control the firm 's success ( critical success factors are discussed in rockart , 1979 ) , but also of potential pitfalls that should be avoided .

More accurate performance feedback as it comes from a number of sources
more [correct/right] performance feedback as it comes from a number of sources

’ Stok 's face had gone rigid and he did n't look like himself , just as those mathematically accurate waxworks never look like the people they portray .
’ stok 's face had gone rigid and he did n't look like himself , just as those mathematically [correct/right] waxworks never look like the people they portray .

He read carefully , starting with the last issue where the facts would be most accurate , and working back .
he read carefully , starting with the last issue where the facts would be most [correct/right] , and working back .

Now measure and mark in door openings with their clearance , windows , radiators , electrical points , fireplace , alcoves and any fixtures , again making sure that everything is completely accurate ; the slightest inaccuracy can ruin the brightest idea .
now measure and mark in door openings with their clearance , windows , radiators , electrical points , fireplace , alcoves and any fixtures , again making sure that everything is completely [correct/right] ; the slightest inaccuracy can ruin the brightest idea .

The result will be neat , accurate stripes , which can be vertical , horizontal , or even diagonal — and in any width or colour you like .
the result will be neat , [correct/right] stripes , which can be vertical , horizontal , or even diagonal — and in any width or colour you like .

Accurate measurement is essential .
[correct/right] measurement is essential .

They last much longer than incandescent tubes , offer more light per watt but need to be carefully chosen in the right colours for the most accurate presentation of food .
they last much longer than incandescent tubes , offer more light per watt but need to be carefully chosen in the right colours for the most [correct/right] presentation of food .

Very accurate results have been achieved using intrusive , but non-destructive methods .
very [correct/right] results have been achieved using intrusive , but non-destructive methods .

( There is a minor imprecision in the definition since it does not specify the size and shape of the subject used to measure the blackout point , but the variation is slight , and ‘ the ’ blackout point is sufficiently accurate as defined . )
( there is a minor imprecision in the definition since it does not specify the size and shape of the subject used to measure the blackout point , but the variation is slight , and ‘ the ’ blackout point is sufficiently [correct/right] as defined . )

The leaf area machines give a quite accurate area measurement of cut leaves , of the order of 5% maximum error for the older machine and 2% for the newer one , under the experimental conditions used here .
the leaf area machines give a quite [correct/right] area measurement of cut leaves , of the order of 5% maximum error for the older machine and 2% for the newer one , under the experimental conditions used here .

The results are quite accurate provided that care is taken to prevent small plant segments adhering to the belt and being carried past the sensor more than once .
the results are quite [correct/right] provided that care is taken to prevent small plant segments adhering to the belt and being carried past the sensor more than once .

The positioning of the reference card does need to be fairly accurate if it nearly fills the space allotted .
the positioning of the reference card does need to be fairly [correct/right] if it nearly fills the space allotted .

She gathered information all morning ; taking accurate measurements and soil tests , pin-pointing particular features or specimens on her plan , even photographs to remind her for when she got back to her drawing-board and began designing .
she gathered information all morning ; taking [correct/right] measurements and soil tests , pin-pointing particular features or specimens on her plan , even photographs to remind her for when she got back to her drawing-board and began designing .

If these were the only considerations , merger policy might be confined to ensuring that companies formed accurate assessments of the costs and benefits of mergers .
if these were the only considerations , merger policy might be confined to ensuring that companies formed [correct/right] assessments of the costs and benefits of mergers .

With dynamic input the order in which the pixels are formed is known and provides accurate stroke-position and time-sequence information .
with dynamic input the order in which the pixels are formed is known and provides [correct/right] stroke-position and time-sequence information .

Automatic tagging programs are extremely efficient and accurate ( e.g .
automatic tagging programs are extremely efficient and [correct/right] ( e.g .

Our prediction that multinationals would begin media campaigns to buy social and cultural acceptability seems accurate : in recent years the television screens have been full of corporations boasting about their bigness instead of concealing it , as they used to , behind their brand names .
our prediction that multinationals would begin media campaigns to buy social and cultural acceptability seems [correct/right] : in recent years the television screens have been full of corporations boasting about their bigness instead of concealing it , as they used to , behind their brand names .

The movement must also persuade governments to add their muscle to this reasonable demand ; accurate labeling should become a statutory requirement .
the movement must also persuade governments to add their muscle to this reasonable demand ; [correct/right] labeling should become a statutory requirement .

Certainly , the phenomenon of a Black man bidding for the most powerful office in the world has raised , irreversibly , the expectations of Americans who , prior to Jackson 's candidacy , never even dreamed about accurate , or responsive , political representation .
certainly , the phenomenon of a black man bidding for the most powerful office in the world has raised , irreversibly , the expectations of americans who , prior to jackson 's candidacy , never even dreamed about [correct/right] , or responsive , political representation .

Humans should demand that businesses guarantee them accurate information about green products .
humans should demand that businesses guarantee them [correct/right] information about green products .

This might sound like an accurate description of your holiday planning and did indeed arise out of a closely related activity : weather forecasting .
this might sound like an [correct/right] description of your holiday planning and did indeed arise out of a closely related activity : weather forecasting .

You have the right to accurate , informative labeling of products so that you can make your own decisions about what to buy .
you have the right to [correct/right] , informative labeling of products so that you can make your own decisions about what to buy .

Section 4(1) of the 1981 Act provides : ’ Subject to this section a person is not guilty of contempt of court under the strict liability rule in respect of a fair and accurate report of legal proceeding held in public , published contemporaneously and in good faith . ’
section 4(1) of the 1981 act provides : ’ subject to this section a person is not guilty of contempt of court under the strict liability rule in respect of a fair and [correct/right] report of legal proceeding held in public , published contemporaneously and in good faith . ’

Because of that , the National Farmers Union of Scotland gave me a lengthy and accurate brief .
because of that , the national farmers union of scotland gave me a lengthy and [correct/right] brief .

The Government figures for investment , although accurate , represents investment on the cheap and not the full cost required for a decent job .
the government figures for investment , although [correct/right] , represents investment on the cheap and not the full cost required for a decent job .

Although the information was absolutely accurate in the case of one person who was apprehended , in the case of the other individuals it was completely mistaken .
although the information was absolutely [correct/right] in the case of one person who was apprehended , in the case of the other individuals it was completely mistaken .

We shall also continue our annual research into the working methods of electoral registration officers , and produce updated best practice notes to assist them in compiling an accurate register .
we shall also continue our annual research into the working methods of electoral registration officers , and produce updated best practice notes to assist them in compiling an [correct/right] register .

The hon. Gentleman should know that advertising money is being spent and electoral registration officers are working hard to ensure that their electoral registers are up to date and accurate .
the hon. gentleman should know that advertising money is being spent and electoral registration officers are working hard to ensure that their electoral registers are up to date and [correct/right] .

By contrast , Glasgow gave accurate estimates .
by contrast , glasgow gave [correct/right] estimates .

and to Hackney if the figures are accurate for level 3 attainments .
and to hackney if the figures are [correct/right] for level 3 attainments .

Member for Caithness and Sutherland ( Mr. Maclennan ) , in whose constituency Dounreay lies , pointed out that he has never had any difficulty in obtaining relevant and accurate information from the operator .
member for caithness and sutherland ( mr. maclennan ) , in whose constituency dounreay lies , pointed out that he has never had any difficulty in obtaining relevant and [correct/right] information from the operator .

if they are to maintain their position — If the Tory party demonstrates its great nervousness by its attempts to disrupt , the whole country will form an accurate opinion —
if they are to maintain their position — if the tory party demonstrates its great nervousness by its attempts to disrupt , the whole country will form an [correct/right] opinion —

Self-examination of critical motivation can actually allow some of the more tempting ideological distortions we may feel inclined to pursue as ‘ truths ’ to be given a more accurate focus , to reveal their partiality to the reader .
self-examination of critical motivation can actually allow some of the more tempting ideological distortions we may feel inclined to pursue as ‘ truths ’ to be given a more [correct/right] focus , to reveal their partiality to the reader .

As we have witnessed in the preceding chapter , the ideological contest for control of the past is largely predicated on the basis of the Renaissance being a phenomenon , something that can be discovered and controlled by accurate descriptions of what it is .
as we have witnessed in the preceding chapter , the ideological contest for control of the past is largely predicated on the basis of the renaissance being a phenomenon , something that can be discovered and controlled by [correct/right] descriptions of what it is .

With Renaissance drama it is more accurate to talk of numerous plays called Doctor Faustus or King Lear or Hamlet , a number of differing versions circulating at almost identical times .
with renaissance drama it is more [correct/right] to talk of numerous plays called doctor faustus or king lear or hamlet , a number of differing versions circulating at almost identical times .

In this case it is not in fact accurate to say that the contract is avoided or frustrated ; the contract remains and its provisions apply .
in this case it is not in fact [correct/right] to say that the contract is avoided or frustrated ; the contract remains and its provisions apply .

Bending machines are quick and easy to use and can give more accurate bends than springs .
bending machines are quick and easy to use and can give more [correct/right] bends than springs .

But any woman would have reacted with anger to his insults , he reminded himself , especially if the barbs he 'd slung at her were accurate and she was trying to convince him otherwise .
but any woman would have reacted with anger to his insults , he reminded himself , especially if the barbs he 'd slung at her were [correct/right] and she was trying to convince him otherwise .

Well , she should n't be surprised , because it was quite an accurate assessment .
well , she should n't be surprised , because it was quite an [correct/right] assessment .

‘ And she 's pretty sure her dates are accurate .
‘ and she 's pretty sure her dates are [correct/right] .

they often do not give sufficient detail for accurate specification of highly complex subjects ;
they often do not give sufficient detail for [correct/right] specification of highly complex subjects ;

Strong direction could make him more disciplined and accurate , but Peter Hickton was not well placed to bully George Birkitt .
strong direction could make him more disciplined and [correct/right] , but peter hickton was not well placed to bully george birkitt .

He always found that , while he could never exactly fix the wording of the good ones , the bad remained indelibly printed on his brain , accurate to the last comma .
he always found that , while he could never exactly fix the wording of the good ones , the bad remained indelibly printed on his brain , [correct/right] to the last comma .

This they consider ‘ a more accurate representation of the everyday notion of burden [ and ] a more sensible concept for deciding if the real cost of a certain project can or can not be postponed to future generations ’ .
this they consider ‘ a more [correct/right] representation of the everyday notion of burden [ and ] a more sensible concept for deciding if the real cost of a certain project can or can not be postponed to future generations ’ .

That was not strictly accurate , that use of the plural .
that was not strictly [correct/right] , that use of the plural .

’ Lisa nodded in agreement , though that assessment , she realised , was not strictly accurate .
’ lisa nodded in agreement , though that assessment , she realised , was not strictly [correct/right] .

Exit polls on the night of 20 September , largely accurate as to the result , showed that the overwhelming majority of ‘ No ’ voters gave ‘ concern over national sovereignty ’ as the principal reason for their decision .
exit polls on the night of 20 september , largely [correct/right] as to the result , showed that the overwhelming majority of ‘ no ’ voters gave ‘ concern over national sovereignty ’ as the principal reason for their decision .

This will be the case if v t is always zero and hence , from equation ( 3.7 ) , our measure of expected income is perfectly accurate .
this will be the case if v t is always zero and hence , from equation ( 3.7 ) , our measure of expected income is perfectly [correct/right] .

5 ) recognizes the problem and argues that the process he has assumed ( that is , equation ( 6.4 ) ) appears ‘ roughly accurate for most countries ’ in his study .
5 ) recognizes the problem and argues that the process he has assumed ( that is , equation ( 6.4 ) ) appears ‘ roughly [correct/right] for most countries ’ in his study .

Vibrational spectroscopy has been used successfully for quantitative analysis , but considerable care is needed to ensure accurate results .
vibrational spectroscopy has been used successfully for quantitative analysis , but considerable care is needed to ensure [correct/right] results .

Analysis of progressions leading to dissociation ( at which point the progression breaks off to be replaced by continuous absorption ) can give us accurate values of dissociation energies for simple molecules .
analysis of progressions leading to dissociation ( at which point the progression breaks off to be replaced by continuous absorption ) can give us [correct/right] values of dissociation energies for simple molecules .

Accurate measurements of grains can be made if the stage is fitted with a vernier mechanical stage .
[correct/right] measurements of grains can be made if the stage is fitted with a vernier mechanical stage .

Point counting is the most accurate method of establishing the modal composition of a sediment , albeit a time-consuming method ( Chayes , 1956 ; Galehouse , 1971a ) .
point counting is the most [correct/right] method of establishing the modal composition of a sediment , albeit a time-consuming method ( chayes , 1956 ; galehouse , 1971a ) .

Several traverses are made for each thin section , and a total of some 250 — 300 points per section need to be counted to obtain sufficiently accurate percentages of the components present .
several traverses are made for each thin section , and a total of some 250 — 300 points per section need to be counted to obtain sufficiently [correct/right] percentages of the components present .

Care must be taken in making visual estimates , and results are usually much less accurate than with point counting techniques .
care must be taken in making visual estimates , and results are usually much less [correct/right] than with point counting techniques .

The method is both simple and quick , but should only be used for estimations and not where accurate results are required .
the method is both simple and quick , but should only be used for estimations and not where [correct/right] results are required .

Modal composition and provenance studies can therefore only be partially accurate in many siliciclastic formations .
modal composition and provenance studies can therefore only be partially [correct/right] in many siliciclastic formations .

It would have been more accurate to say he preferred that version of events to any other , but one lie had committed him now to several distortions .
it would have been more [correct/right] to say he preferred that version of events to any other , but one lie had committed him now to several distortions .

It was a household with a number of clocks , all of them accurate .
it was a household with a number of clocks , all of them [correct/right] .

Which was almost accurate , and almost enough .
which was almost [correct/right] , and almost enough .

That stopped Jessamy saying anything for quite some time , because it was a frighteningly accurate description of how her life had been since their break-up .
that stopped jessamy saying anything for quite some time , because it was a frighteningly [correct/right] description of how her life had been since their break-up .

It would in fact be more accurate to speak of readerly and writerly qualities in a text , since no text is purely readerly nor purely writerly .
it would in fact be more [correct/right] to speak of readerly and writerly qualities in a text , since no text is purely readerly nor purely writerly .

And to tell you that you were amazingly accurate in certain areas .
and to tell you that you were amazingly [correct/right] in certain areas .

Her memories of Aurae Phiala were sharp , but now she could not be sure how accurate .
her memories of aurae phiala were sharp , but now she could not be sure how [correct/right] .

And if he had got little enough out of that interview , at least he had lobbed one small , accurate pebble into the middle of the pool of their tranquillity , and its ripples were already beginning to spread outwards .
and if he had got little enough out of that interview , at least he had lobbed one small , [correct/right] pebble into the middle of the pool of their tranquillity , and its ripples were already beginning to spread outwards .

Again the use of such language may be a problem in a novel intended to be historically accurate .
again the use of such language may be a problem in a novel intended to be historically [correct/right] .

In addition , a weighting of constructs according to their importance or status within the construct system ( as suggested by Shaw and Gaines , 1985 ) might lead to a finer and more accurate pattern of response compared to present methods in which all judgments carry equal weight .
in addition , a weighting of constructs according to their importance or status within the construct system ( as suggested by shaw and gaines , 1985 ) might lead to a finer and more [correct/right] pattern of response compared to present methods in which all judgments carry equal weight .

That makes sense , but they ca n't be accurate because compost heaps generate heat which might accelerate decomposition .
that makes sense , but they ca n't be [correct/right] because compost heaps generate heat which might accelerate decomposition .

We have what sounds like an accurate personal description of Charles : `` of middle height , good-looking , fit for all sorts of exercise , bold , generous , shrewd and good at public speaking `` .
we have what sounds like an [correct/right] personal description of charles : `` of middle height , good-looking , fit for all sorts of exercise , bold , generous , shrewd and good at public speaking `` .

This could just possibly be accurate reporting of a three-year-old show-stealer .
this could just possibly be [correct/right] reporting of a three-year-old show-stealer .

Nithard 's aim here was not accurate physical description but the symbolic underlining of shared commitment .
nithard 's aim here was not [correct/right] physical description but the symbolic underlining of shared commitment .

His sour grapes should not be mistaken for an accurate impression of the flavour of Charles 's court in December 842 .
his sour grapes should not be mistaken for an [correct/right] impression of the flavour of charles 's court in december 842 .

By contrast , how is the primary school to manage what it is that passes to the secondary school ? If this were a simple and one-way movement , the answer would lie in ensuring that the record of achievement is up to date and intelligible , that assessment records are accurate and that the pastoral record , if any , is both just and constructive .
by contrast , how is the primary school to manage what it is that passes to the secondary school ? if this were a simple and one-way movement , the answer would lie in ensuring that the record of achievement is up to date and intelligible , that assessment records are [correct/right] and that the pastoral record , if any , is both just and constructive .

This seems to be an accurate description of the initial decisions about seeking entry into higher education .
this seems to be an [correct/right] description of the initial decisions about seeking entry into higher education .

Acton and Shepherd 's Bush , he said , were a long way from Islington but it had not needed the history and memory of Risinghill and William Tyndale to make headteachers alert to the damaging way in which matters of discipline , race , criminality and parental disquiet could be brought together into presentations of hot and not always accurate news .
acton and shepherd 's bush , he said , were a long way from islington but it had not needed the history and memory of risinghill and william tyndale to make headteachers alert to the damaging way in which matters of discipline , race , criminality and parental disquiet could be brought together into presentations of hot and not always [correct/right] news .

When gathering marketing information it is important to encourage accurate and quality feedback .
when gathering marketing information it is important to encourage [correct/right] and quality feedback .

He liked to find a safe way to get an accurate hit thus sustaining as little damage to the plane as possible .
he liked to find a safe way to get an [correct/right] hit thus sustaining as little damage to the plane as possible .

The Messerschmit came round again and this time the rear gunner was more accurate and the Messerschmitt began to roll helplessly out of control in the direction of the ground , belching smoke and flames .
the messerschmit came round again and this time the rear gunner was more [correct/right] and the messerschmitt began to roll helplessly out of control in the direction of the ground , belching smoke and flames .

Another side of Alfieri 's very accurate sense of perception , is his fatalism .
another side of alfieri 's very [correct/right] sense of perception , is his fatalism .

Conventional weapons have accurate , small strikes , causing minor , but nevertheless , important damage to the target .
conventional weapons have [correct/right] , small strikes , causing minor , but nevertheless , important damage to the target .

With conventional weapons , the destruction is not so drastic , far more controlled , and more accurate and economical .
with conventional weapons , the destruction is not so drastic , far more controlled , and more [correct/right] and economical .

On the basis of the above analysis by the Court it might be more accurate to say that the test is a commercial one but that it relates not to the transfer of ownership of enterprises , but to the transfer of economic or organisational activities .
on the basis of the above analysis by the court it might be more [correct/right] to say that the test is a commercial one but that it relates not to the transfer of ownership of enterprises , but to the transfer of economic or organisational activities .

degradation of working practices , quality of supervision , quality of testing , training , allocation of meaningful job descriptions , communication to workforce of standards for testing and installation work , supply of accurate drawings
degradation of working practices , quality of supervision , quality of testing , training , allocation of meaningful job descriptions , communication to workforce of standards for testing and installation work , supply of [correct/right] drawings

There was a continuing output of serious social investigation which had as its aim the accurate delineation of social problems and implicitly or explicitly to indicate solutions .
there was a continuing output of serious social investigation which had as its aim the [correct/right] delineation of social problems and implicitly or explicitly to indicate solutions .

He called for a more critical approach , one which recognised the failures and shortcomings of what had been achieved , an accurate assessment of the intentions of policy-makers and legislators , and proper consideration of alternatives which might have been adopted .
he called for a more critical approach , one which recognised the failures and shortcomings of what had been achieved , an [correct/right] assessment of the intentions of policy-makers and legislators , and proper consideration of alternatives which might have been adopted .

When considered in relation to the length of time you would have to wait at any particular junction in order to observe an accident it is probably accurate to characterise road accidents as low frequency occurrences .
when considered in relation to the length of time you would have to wait at any particular junction in order to observe an accident it is probably [correct/right] to characterise road accidents as low frequency occurrences .

The current study indicates that emotional arousal in fact triggers vivid and accurate recollection ’ ( p.505 ) .
the current study indicates that emotional arousal in fact triggers vivid and [correct/right] recollection ’ ( p.505 ) .

However , it is not clear that such memories are completely accurate and it is unlikely that arousal at the time of encoding is the only important factor in creating such memories .
however , it is not clear that such memories are completely [correct/right] and it is unlikely that arousal at the time of encoding is the only important factor in creating such memories .

Filling in these forms correctly will ensure that the first Council Tax bills will be as accurate as possible and take account of any entitlements to discount , exemptions or rebates .
filling in these forms correctly will ensure that the first council tax bills will be as [correct/right] as possible and take account of any entitlements to discount , exemptions or rebates .

Every effort will be made to ensure that the information held is accurate and up-to-date and it is in your own interest to tell the Personnel Department if your personal circumstances change ; for example , if you get married or move house .
every effort will be made to ensure that the information held is [correct/right] and up-to-date and it is in your own interest to tell the personnel department if your personal circumstances change ; for example , if you get married or move house .

The figures are too small to allow accurate measurement of the exponent .
the figures are too small to allow [correct/right] measurement of the exponent .

None the less , since antiquity there have been many efforts to describe features of the world , including the social , in quantitative terms , efforts which began to assume an even greater urgency and consequentiality with the rise of the modern nation state and its requirements for an accurate accounting of its resources .
none the less , since antiquity there have been many efforts to describe features of the world , including the social , in quantitative terms , efforts which began to assume an even greater urgency and consequentiality with the rise of the modern nation state and its requirements for an [correct/right] accounting of its resources .

This may be contrasted with the second type , the `` attitude survey `` , which aims at producing an accurate picture of people 's attitudes as a guide to their likely behaviour .
this may be contrasted with the second type , the `` attitude survey `` , which aims at producing an [correct/right] picture of people 's attitudes as a guide to their likely behaviour .

This meant that issues to do with the representativeness of the sample drawn and interviewed were paramount since the objective was to gain an accurate estimate from the sample of the likely population characteristics .
this meant that issues to do with the representativeness of the sample drawn and interviewed were paramount since the objective was to gain an [correct/right] estimate from the sample of the likely population characteristics .

Second , how can we be sure that it provides for an accurate and reliable estimate of that population ?
second , how can we be sure that it provides for an [correct/right] and reliable estimate of that population ?

Similar polls conducted by various newspapers became notorious for their frequent and lamentable failures to come even close to accurate predictions of electoral outcomes .
similar polls conducted by various newspapers became notorious for their frequent and lamentable failures to come even close to [correct/right] predictions of electoral outcomes .

On the basis of relatively small samples , only a few thousand in each of selected states , it proved possible to make accurate predictions of the electoral outcomes .
on the basis of relatively small samples , only a few thousand in each of selected states , it proved possible to make [correct/right] predictions of the electoral outcomes .

However , there is little evidence to suggest that these give better estimates of opinions which are any more accurate for these purposes than those yielded by carefully chosen quota samples .
however , there is little evidence to suggest that these give better estimates of opinions which are any more [correct/right] for these purposes than those yielded by carefully chosen quota samples .

Second , whatever is determined about this , it is crucial to determining whether or not the data produced by the cross-sectional survey can provide accurate estimates of the relationship of interest .
second , whatever is determined about this , it is crucial to determining whether or not the data produced by the cross-sectional survey can provide [correct/right] estimates of the relationship of interest .

Cheney declared himself `` stunned , angry and frustrated `` by his involvement in the scandal and , like many other offenders , blamed dubious administrative practices by the bank for not keeping a more accurate record of the state of his account and for not keeping him more closely informed of his financial position .
cheney declared himself `` stunned , angry and frustrated `` by his involvement in the scandal and , like many other offenders , blamed dubious administrative practices by the bank for not keeping a more [correct/right] record of the state of his account and for not keeping him more closely informed of his financial position .

Teachers will be in a position to form more accurate judgements about strengths and weaknesses of individual pupils in relation to attainment targets for history and will need to develop approaches which allow for a larger range of learning activities to be occurring than has , hitherto , been the case .
teachers will be in a position to form more [correct/right] judgements about strengths and weaknesses of individual pupils in relation to attainment targets for history and will need to develop approaches which allow for a larger range of learning activities to be occurring than has , hitherto , been the case .

It should only aim to record that which is necessary for accurate reporting of a pupil 's progress according to the agreed reporting format of the school as a whole .
it should only aim to record that which is necessary for [correct/right] reporting of a pupil 's progress according to the agreed reporting format of the school as a whole .

Primary sources are not necessarily more accurate than secondary sources .
primary sources are not necessarily more [correct/right] than secondary sources .

1 ) Under the theme ‘ It 's time to right wrongs ’ we hope to ‘ unpack ’ the ‘ Statement of Commitment ’ , to help the local organisers attending the conference to get a more up-to-date and accurate picture of the role Christian Aid seeks to fulfil .
1 ) under the theme ‘ it 's time to right wrongs ’ we hope to ‘ unpack ’ the ‘ statement of commitment ’ , to help the local organisers attending the conference to get a more up-to-date and [correct/right] picture of the role christian aid seeks to fulfil .

This could be developed further by defending your assertion against an alternative — a Dickens critic who says that Dickens had an accurate view of these matters — and showing that the alternative view is incorrect , or that the critic provides no supporting evidence ( and so that there is no reason to believe the alternative view ) .
this could be developed further by defending your assertion against an alternative — a dickens critic who says that dickens had an [correct/right] view of these matters — and showing that the alternative view is incorrect , or that the critic provides no supporting evidence ( and so that there is no reason to believe the alternative view ) .

We first came in contact with Hallery House , a picturesque , family run hotel with a welcoming , relaxed and comfortable atmosphere , a couple of years ago , when and were looking for an ‘ all-singing , all-dancing telephone system ’ which coped with every one of their detailed service requirements , and provided accurate room billing information at the end of each guest 's stay .
we first came in contact with hallery house , a picturesque , family run hotel with a welcoming , relaxed and comfortable atmosphere , a couple of years ago , when and were looking for an ‘ all-singing , all-dancing telephone system ’ which coped with every one of their detailed service requirements , and provided [correct/right] room billing information at the end of each guest 's stay .

The software contributed to Hallery House 's profits ( through really accurate billing ) from the moment it was installed .
the software contributed to hallery house 's profits ( through really [correct/right] billing ) from the moment it was installed .

Obviously this is achieved by attending to lift stoppages as they occur and not as they are reported and , in addition , the lift monitoring devices record all events affecting the operation of the lift which provides a detailed case history , which in turn leads to speedy and accurate diagnosis and correction .
obviously this is achieved by attending to lift stoppages as they occur and not as they are reported and , in addition , the lift monitoring devices record all events affecting the operation of the lift which provides a detailed case history , which in turn leads to speedy and [correct/right] diagnosis and correction .

In the interests of both food hygiene and food quality , it is , of course , important that these instructions are accurate in the first place .
in the interests of both food hygiene and food quality , it is , of course , important that these instructions are [correct/right] in the first place .

To provide customers with reliable guidelines for successful microwave combination cooking , we took the view that in the light of tighter temperature control in the food supply chain and stronger emphasis on the need to raise hot food to bacteria killing temperature , it would be safer all round to scrap previously attained cookery knowledge and start with a new set of rules , particularly since the ovens have undergone design specification changes and have dramatically more accurate controls .
to provide customers with reliable guidelines for successful microwave combination cooking , we took the view that in the light of tighter temperature control in the food supply chain and stronger emphasis on the need to raise hot food to bacteria killing temperature , it would be safer all round to scrap previously attained cookery knowledge and start with a new set of rules , particularly since the ovens have undergone design specification changes and have dramatically more [correct/right] controls .

When you have done all this , you should be far better equipped to make logical and accurate decisions on the best system , or combination of systems , for transport/conveyance on your premises .
when you have done all this , you should be far better equipped to make logical and [correct/right] decisions on the best system , or combination of systems , for transport/conveyance on your premises .

By simply questioning informants it is difficult to get an accurate picture of where and when Creole is actually used at home .
by simply questioning informants it is difficult to get an [correct/right] picture of where and when creole is actually used at home .

It is probably not accurate to regard the employer 's duty as a series of separate obligations but rather as a single duty to take reasonable care for the safety of employees .
it is probably not [correct/right] to regard the employer 's duty as a series of separate obligations but rather as a single duty to take reasonable care for the safety of employees .

If , nevertheless , it is accurate , and Eadric was known as someone unwilling to oppose the Scandinavians , one can speculate that it was because he profited from the raising of tribute by acquiring the lands of defaulters .
if , nevertheless , it is [correct/right] , and eadric was known as someone unwilling to oppose the scandinavians , one can speculate that it was because he profited from the raising of tribute by acquiring the lands of defaulters .

Witness lists , for example , although doubtless often accurate records of those present at a transaction , are not always what they seem .
witness lists , for example , although doubtless often [correct/right] records of those present at a transaction , are not always what they seem .

As he had shown during the German occupation , there was no substitute for an early and accurate reading of the trajectory of events .
as he had shown during the german occupation , there was no substitute for an early and [correct/right] reading of the trajectory of events .

On the other hand there was evidence implying that even human listeners needed to hear stretches of speech several words long for accurate recognition ( Pollack & Pickett 1963 ) .
on the other hand there was evidence implying that even human listeners needed to hear stretches of speech several words long for [correct/right] recognition ( pollack & pickett 1963 ) .

Furthermore , the above is transcribed into fine-class phonemes and , as we saw in the previous section , we can not expect the front end to be so accurate , and indeed we may not want it to try .
furthermore , the above is transcribed into fine-class phonemes and , as we saw in the previous section , we can not expect the front end to be so [correct/right] , and indeed we may not want it to try .

One way of coping with the dilemma of too much or too little bottom-up acoustic information is to use broad , and hopefully robust representation primitives initially to access a number of word hypotheses bottom-up and subsequently use a word verifier for more accurate matching and rating of the hypotheses against the input . Zue ( 1986 ) proposes the following :
one way of coping with the dilemma of too much or too little bottom-up acoustic information is to use broad , and hopefully robust representation primitives initially to access a number of word hypotheses bottom-up and subsequently use a word verifier for more [correct/right] matching and rating of the hypotheses against the input . zue ( 1986 ) proposes the following :

In retrospect , the fact that perfect matches of other words or short word sequences can occur by accident in completely accurate transcriptions of sentences ( e.g .
in retrospect , the fact that perfect matches of other words or short word sequences can occur by accident in completely [correct/right] transcriptions of sentences ( e.g .

It is hoped , also , to establish personal contact between organisers and teachers so that there is always a clear and accurate picture of classes in any given area .
it is hoped , also , to establish personal contact between organisers and teachers so that there is always a clear and [correct/right] picture of classes in any given area .

The beginning should be slow and accurate , understood and immediately tested .
the beginning should be slow and [correct/right] , understood and immediately tested .

Sidney Lee in his life of Shakespeare , 1908 edition , attributes his accurate use of legal terms to observation of his father 's legal battles and early association with members of the Inns of Court and there is also a suggestion that on his arrival in London he may have been employed as a clerk for a lawyer .
sidney lee in his life of shakespeare , 1908 edition , attributes his [correct/right] use of legal terms to observation of his father 's legal battles and early association with members of the inns of court and there is also a suggestion that on his arrival in london he may have been employed as a clerk for a lawyer .

It may also be more accurate to say that the user responds to the system rather than the other way around .
it may also be more [correct/right] to say that the user responds to the system rather than the other way around .

Your first charts will not be final or perfect , but these early charts are very useful steps towards an accurate pronunciation ( and also , of course , necessary if you are doing a phonemic analysis ) .
your first charts will not be final or perfect , but these early charts are very useful steps towards an [correct/right] pronunciation ( and also , of course , necessary if you are doing a phonemic analysis ) .

the stress , referred to the original cross-section is therefore This relation fits quite well the behaviour of rubbers for values of — up to about 1.5 ( 50 per cent strain ) but is not accurate thereafter .
the stress , referred to the original cross-section is therefore this relation fits quite well the behaviour of rubbers for values of — up to about 1.5 ( 50 per cent strain ) but is not [correct/right] thereafter .

It would perhaps have been more accurate in the discussion to use terms such as load and extension .
it would perhaps have been more [correct/right] in the discussion to use terms such as load and extension .

Doolittle ( 1952 ) considered the accurate calculation of the total thermal expansion from absolute zero to the temperature of measurement .
doolittle ( 1952 ) considered the [correct/right] calculation of the total thermal expansion from absolute zero to the temperature of measurement .

It enables accurate determinations to be made of the elastic constants of anisotropic materials and in principle all the elastic constants can be found .
it enables [correct/right] determinations to be made of the elastic constants of anisotropic materials and in principle all the elastic constants can be found .

The asymptotic expression ( 6.4 ) is accurate for quite small values of n , as is shown in Table 6.1 ( from Chandrasekhar ( 1943 ) for n = 10 ) .
the asymptotic expression ( 6.4 ) is [correct/right] for quite small values of n , as is shown in table 6.1 ( from chandrasekhar ( 1943 ) for n = 10 ) .

The method provides an accurate segmental measurement of distension of tubular organs .
the method provides an [correct/right] segmental measurement of distension of tubular organs .

Evidence is also presented which suggests that amylase determination in oesophageal fluid is an accurate reflection of salivary contamination .
evidence is also presented which suggests that amylase determination in oesophageal fluid is an [correct/right] reflection of salivary contamination .

In the light of our results , we believe that the best clinical approach for an acute diagnosis of a Barrett 's oesophagus is the combination of endoscopic and manometric studies ; but how accurate is it to compare distances measured by manometry from distances measured by endoscopy ?
in the light of our results , we believe that the best clinical approach for an acute diagnosis of a barrett 's oesophagus is the combination of endoscopic and manometric studies ; but how [correct/right] is it to compare distances measured by manometry from distances measured by endoscopy ?

The predictive value of the Child 's classification at the time of variceal bleeding in terms of predicting survival seems to be as accurate in the elderly as in younger cirrhotic patient .
the predictive value of the child 's classification at the time of variceal bleeding in terms of predicting survival seems to be as [correct/right] in the elderly as in younger cirrhotic patient .

Accurate assessment of mucosal eicosanoid concentrations is notoriously difficult .
[correct/right] assessment of mucosal eicosanoid concentrations is notoriously difficult .

One of the main applications of the scan score is in difficult cases when accurate estimation of disease activity will have important therapeutic implications .
one of the main applications of the scan score is in difficult cases when [correct/right] estimation of disease activity will have important therapeutic implications .

This chromatographic procedure is accurate and sensitive , recovery being above 90 % and the minimum level of detection below 0.1 mmol/l for L-rhamnose .
this chromatographic procedure is [correct/right] and sensitive , recovery being above 90 % and the minimum level of detection below 0.1 mmol/l for l-rhamnose .

The 51 week interval was chosen because there were insufficient ( n < 10 ) patients remaining beyond this time to allow accurate statistical analysis ( see below ) .
the 51 week interval was chosen because there were insufficient ( n < 10 ) patients remaining beyond this time to allow [correct/right] statistical analysis ( see below ) .

The techniques of indium-111 labelled neutrophils and chromium-51 red cells are well described and are accurate , specific , and sensitive methods for quantitating intestinal inflammation and blood loss .
the techniques of indium-111 labelled neutrophils and chromium-51 red cells are well described and are [correct/right] , specific , and sensitive methods for quantitating intestinal inflammation and blood loss .

They found it to be as accurate and reliable as the tritiated thynidine autoradiography technique the gold standard for the histological study of cell proliferation when examining mucosa of the digestive tract .
they found it to be as [correct/right] and reliable as the tritiated thynidine autoradiography technique the gold standard for the histological study of cell proliferation when examining mucosa of the digestive tract .

It is probable that patients join the Coeliac Society at the time of diagnosis so that this figure gives an accurate measure of those diagnosed in this age group and is very similar to our value of 19 % .
it is probable that patients join the coeliac society at the time of diagnosis so that this figure gives an [correct/right] measure of those diagnosed in this age group and is very similar to our value of 19 % .

Although this also requires the measurement of socium and potassium , it is more accurate than standard titrimetric procedures , which are associated with non-linear errors .
although this also requires the measurement of socium and potassium , it is more [correct/right] than standard titrimetric procedures , which are associated with non-linear errors .

Nevertheless , the data suggest that if levels were more accurate they would have been lower in the peptic ulcer group .
nevertheless , the data suggest that if levels were more [correct/right] they would have been lower in the peptic ulcer group .

The colon weight/body weight ratio was calculated as an increase in this ratio has been shown to be an accurate marker of colonic inflammation .
the colon weight/body weight ratio was calculated as an increase in this ratio has been shown to be an [correct/right] marker of colonic inflammation .

It has proved very accurate ; in monozygotic twins a correct classification is obtained in 99 % as verified by serological methods .
it has proved very [correct/right] ; in monozygotic twins a correct classification is obtained in 99 % as verified by serological methods .

Non-invasive radionuclide angiography provides a safe and accurate screening method for evaluating portal vein patence on occlusion in the investigation of portal hypertension or before liver transplantation .
non-invasive radionuclide angiography provides a safe and [correct/right] screening method for evaluating portal vein patence on occlusion in the investigation of portal hypertension or before liver transplantation .

Or , to be more accurate , that her husband was responsible .
or , to be more [correct/right] , that her husband was responsible .

Because the capital of unit trusts can vary constantly with the sale or redemption of units , the actual size of the fund is not an accurate indicator of investment performance .
because the capital of unit trusts can vary constantly with the sale or redemption of units , the actual size of the fund is not an [correct/right] indicator of investment performance .

If , as we found during 1973 and 1974 , the risk characteristics were changing , then the ‘ usefulness ’ of the Trusts would be diminished , unless of course managers have a more accurate forecasting ability than the market price makers .
if , as we found during 1973 and 1974 , the risk characteristics were changing , then the ‘ usefulness ’ of the trusts would be diminished , unless of course managers have a more [correct/right] forecasting ability than the market price makers .

If the model is an accurate description of the way in which option prices are set and if the market is efficient , then it should produce good predictions of future option prices given the various parameters .
if the model is an [correct/right] description of the way in which option prices are set and if the market is efficient , then it should produce good predictions of future option prices given the various parameters .

Cragg and Malkiel provided evidence that professional analysts were no more accurate than naive earnings forecasting methods over 5-year horizons .
cragg and malkiel provided evidence that professional analysts were no more [correct/right] than naive earnings forecasting methods over 5-year horizons .

When convexity is high , the first-order approximation for interest rate risk , ( 5.51 ) or ( 5.52 ) , will become increasingly less accurate as the change in yields becomes large .
when convexity is high , the first-order approximation for interest rate risk , ( 5.51 ) or ( 5.52 ) , will become increasingly less [correct/right] as the change in yields becomes large .

In fact , to be completely accurate , the fair value of the firm is the sum of the fair values of the individual liabilities listed in Table 6.3 .
in fact , to be completely [correct/right] , the fair value of the firm is the sum of the fair values of the individual liabilities listed in table 6.3 .

As already seen in this chapter , such perfection is not to be expected and the probability of the additional information being accurate must be taken into account .
as already seen in this chapter , such perfection is not to be expected and the probability of the additional information being [correct/right] must be taken into account .

Les Holliday , with some intelligent distribution and accurate touch finding , established a measure of early control for the home side , who took the lead through Wilf George , after David Holmes had worked diligently to set up the chance .
les holliday , with some intelligent distribution and [correct/right] touch finding , established a measure of early control for the home side , who took the lead through wilf george , after david holmes had worked diligently to set up the chance .

In his summing up the judge said that the co-defendant 's plea of guilty was not the issue and the jury knew of it to make the background accurate .
in his summing up the judge said that the co-defendant 's plea of guilty was not the issue and the jury knew of it to make the background [correct/right] .

It was clear beyond doubt that the jury were not treating the guilty plea as merely making the background accurate : but , on the contrary , after the judge 's direction in reply to their question , must have treated it as going to proof of the guilt of the appellant .
it was clear beyond doubt that the jury were not treating the guilty plea as merely making the background [correct/right] : but , on the contrary , after the judge 's direction in reply to their question , must have treated it as going to proof of the guilt of the appellant .

We call it ‘ thirst ’ in lieu of a more accurate description .
we call it ‘ thirst ’ in lieu of a more [correct/right] description .

No , not more accurate : ‘ thirst ’ is not accurate at all as a description for this apparently indescribable condition .
no , not more [correct/right] : ‘ thirst ’ is not [correct/right] at all as a description for this apparently indescribable condition .

Like a lot of Lord Beaverbrook 's phrases , that was probably more colourful than accurate — but if such a frontier ever existed then the imperatives of current affairs television have certainly modified and adjusted it .
like a lot of lord beaverbrook 's phrases , that was probably more colourful than [correct/right] — but if such a frontier ever existed then the imperatives of current affairs television have certainly modified and adjusted it .

An image-forming eye , with lens , iris and so on , would not have evolved if nothing short of the formation of accurate images was of any use .
an image-forming eye , with lens , iris and so on , would not have evolved if nothing short of the formation of [correct/right] images was of any use .

The clumsily articulated , yet effortlessly accurate , German came to a sudden halt .
the clumsily articulated , yet effortlessly [correct/right] , german came to a sudden halt .

This building campaign soared in the 1890s : Wesleyans , Baptists and Primitive Methodists ( there are no accurate statistics for Congregationalists ) spent at least £8,316,920 on building , equivalent to some £275,000,000 in 1990 .
this building campaign soared in the 1890s : wesleyans , baptists and primitive methodists ( there are no [correct/right] statistics for congregationalists ) spent at least £8,316,920 on building , equivalent to some £275,000,000 in 1990 .

An exponential curve might be more accurate .
an exponential curve might be more [correct/right] .

Given the state of the war , the undeniable growth of anti-Nazi feeling , and the rising criticism of Hitler himself , which we have been able to document for the years 1942–4 , such reports can hardly have been an accurate reflection of existing attitudes .
given the state of the war , the undeniable growth of anti-nazi feeling , and the rising criticism of hitler himself , which we have been able to document for the years 1942–4 , such reports can hardly have been an [correct/right] reflection of existing attitudes .

If a date can be assigned to one or more points of this relative sequence , it is normally possible to make reasonably accurate inferences about the dates of the intermediary points .
if a date can be assigned to one or more points of this relative sequence , it is normally possible to make reasonably [correct/right] inferences about the dates of the intermediary points .

This simple appraisal of size is likely to give you a good , accurate picture of physical shape ; use it in conjunction with the other methods in this chapter .
this simple appraisal of size is likely to give you a good , [correct/right] picture of physical shape ; use it in conjunction with the other methods in this chapter .

Interestingly , this view of personality and behaviour is not strictly accurate .
interestingly , this view of personality and behaviour is not strictly [correct/right] .

Accurate weighing will be an essential part of your new campaign .
[correct/right] weighing will be an essential part of your new campaign .

In the course of two years North developed his own slide show , part accurate , part exaggeration , part emotion , and this representation was the bedrock of the domestic campaign for the contras : the world in 57 pictures of blurry military bases and Communist commandantes , utterly simple in its division between good and bad , and curiously believable .
in the course of two years north developed his own slide show , part [correct/right] , part exaggeration , part emotion , and this representation was the bedrock of the domestic campaign for the contras : the world in 57 pictures of blurry military bases and communist commandantes , utterly simple in its division between good and bad , and curiously believable .

Caught up in the performance , few people seemed to wonder whether what they were hearing was an accurate account of the affair .
caught up in the performance , few people seemed to wonder whether what they were hearing was an [correct/right] account of the affair .

On this count , the Zuwaya image was not accurate history , even granting that their involvement was at a much lower level than that of , say , the Magharba .
on this count , the zuwaya image was not [correct/right] history , even granting that their involvement was at a much lower level than that of , say , the magharba .

The absence of an internal hierarchy culminating in a sovereign was the most important element in the image as people saw it ; and it was an accurate account of Zuwaya political organization until they invited the Sanusis to Kufra .
the absence of an internal hierarchy culminating in a sovereign was the most important element in the image as people saw it ; and it was an [correct/right] account of zuwaya political organization until they invited the sanusis to kufra .

So it is suggested that the Zuwaya image of statelessness was substantially a replica of how their ancestors conceived their society ought to have been , rather than a true and accurate picture of how it was .
so it is suggested that the zuwaya image of statelessness was substantially a replica of how their ancestors conceived their society ought to have been , rather than a true and [correct/right] picture of how it was .

What does matter is that this attitude , this adoration , this genuine sense of awe and gentle , honourable respect for womanhood should be placed on record as an accurate indication of my state of mind and pattern of conduct .
what does matter is that this attitude , this adoration , this genuine sense of awe and gentle , honourable respect for womanhood should be placed on record as an [correct/right] indication of my state of mind and pattern of conduct .

Obviously , they are by doing this attempting to discharge their own guilts , hide their own feverish obscenities , evade their own personal responsibilities and cleverly avoid gossip or rumour which would be more lethally accurate than that which they have generated themselves .
obviously , they are by doing this attempting to discharge their own guilts , hide their own feverish obscenities , evade their own personal responsibilities and cleverly avoid gossip or rumour which would be more lethally [correct/right] than that which they have generated themselves .

The nearest thing to accurate soothsaying in those days was the ‘ straw poll ’ .
the nearest thing to [correct/right] soothsaying in those days was the ‘ straw poll ’ .

Good polling requires accurate sampling .
good polling requires [correct/right] sampling .

Mr Worcester says unblushingly : ‘ We will know on Sunday how accurate our final polls were .
mr worcester says unblushingly : ‘ we will know on sunday how [correct/right] our final polls were .

But as the pollsters say again and again , even at their most accurate they can only give ‘ snapshots ’ of opinion at any given moment .
but as the pollsters say again and again , even at their most [correct/right] they can only give ‘ snapshots ’ of opinion at any given moment .

The intriguing point is this : if the Germans really did land in East Anglia in 1940 , and there was an elaborate cover-up , it is surely inconceivable that Ealing would have been allowed by the censors to portray such an accurate reconstruction only two years later .
the intriguing point is this : if the germans really did land in east anglia in 1940 , and there was an elaborate cover-up , it is surely inconceivable that ealing would have been allowed by the censors to portray such an [correct/right] reconstruction only two years later .

Citizen , which developed it , says it is the first watch to have a built-in radio that tunes to time broadcasts linked to highly accurate atomic clocks .
citizen , which developed it , says it is the first watch to have a built-in radio that tunes to time broadcasts linked to highly [correct/right] atomic clocks .

It was an 80th-birthday present from past and present members of the Lords and Commons — and apparently far too accurate for comfort .
it was an 80th-birthday present from past and present members of the lords and commons — and apparently far too [correct/right] for comfort .

But he was defenceless as Calzaghe 's accurate counters started to connect .
but he was defenceless as calzaghe 's [correct/right] counters started to connect .

He had hoped to repeat his successes of 1985 and 1987 , but could not contain the accurate drawing skills of King .
he had hoped to repeat his successes of 1985 and 1987 , but could not contain the [correct/right] drawing skills of king .

The South Africans , who were put in , made a steady start , reaching 58 for one after 20 overs , but were unable to accelerate against miserly seam bowling and Harper 's accurate off-spin .
the south africans , who were put in , made a steady start , reaching 58 for one after 20 overs , but were unable to accelerate against miserly seam bowling and harper 's [correct/right] off-spin .

When it comes to approaching lenders for finance , they will want to see detailed budget plans , including an accurate estimate of the total of all direct build costs .
when it comes to approaching lenders for finance , they will want to see detailed budget plans , including an [correct/right] estimate of the total of all direct build costs .

The survival of the other species of river dolphin is also precarious and to a certain extent unknown , as accurate figures on population numbers are lacking .
the survival of the other species of river dolphin is also precarious and to a certain extent unknown , as [correct/right] figures on population numbers are lacking .

Accurate figures for the number of animals caught in these remote freezing areas are hard to collect , but those we do know show the situation to be alarming .
[correct/right] figures for the number of animals caught in these remote freezing areas are hard to collect , but those we do know show the situation to be alarming .

But it is unlikely to be an accurate assessment , because shot and mortally wounded whales , unlike harpooned ones , can escape and die without being retrieved and , of course , are not counted against the quota — in fact as many as 1000 narwhals may die each year at the hands of Canadian hunters .
but it is unlikely to be an [correct/right] assessment , because shot and mortally wounded whales , unlike harpooned ones , can escape and die without being retrieved and , of course , are not counted against the quota — in fact as many as 1000 narwhals may die each year at the hands of canadian hunters .

Although the remoteness of the region makes accurate information hard to come by , in 1979 , even before the main expansion of the industry , an estimated 4100 dolphins and porpoises were being killed each year for bait .
although the remoteness of the region makes [correct/right] information hard to come by , in 1979 , even before the main expansion of the industry , an estimated 4100 dolphins and porpoises were being killed each year for bait .

As most drift-netting operations are carried out in international waters where little or no international agreements are in force , it is extremely difficult to control this destruction of life on the high seas , or even to get an accurate picture of its magnitude .
as most drift-netting operations are carried out in international waters where little or no international agreements are in force , it is extremely difficult to control this destruction of life on the high seas , or even to get an [correct/right] picture of its magnitude .

The provision of accurate data by fishing nations .
the provision of [correct/right] data by fishing nations .

Theatre critics object to the musical because it is an ‘ idea drama ’ that lacks believable characters ; political columnists and professors praise its accurate rendering of historical events .
theatre critics object to the musical because it is an ‘ idea drama ’ that lacks believable characters ; political columnists and professors praise its [correct/right] rendering of historical events .

How accurate such figures are is always open to question , though .
how [correct/right] such figures are is always open to question , though .

He did it in the classic manner , by pitching the ball well up and bowling very , very quickly , and the fact that he needed help from his colleagues for only two of those wickets shows just how accurate he was .
he did it in the classic manner , by pitching the ball well up and bowling very , very quickly , and the fact that he needed help from his colleagues for only two of those wickets shows just how [correct/right] he was .

Hall said afterwards that he had not realized himself capable of such sustained accurate bowling , but kept at it simply because Worrell wanted him to ; he also said that he was physically and mentally shattered at the end of it .
hall said afterwards that he had not realized himself capable of such sustained [correct/right] bowling , but kept at it simply because worrell wanted him to ; he also said that he was physically and mentally shattered at the end of it .

They recall his taste for long walks of twenty to twenty-five miles in rural settings away from Battersea , his passion for fishing in ponds and canals , and his accurate enlightening knowledge of birds , trees , insects , and flowers .
they recall his taste for long walks of twenty to twenty-five miles in rural settings away from battersea , his passion for fishing in ponds and canals , and his [correct/right] enlightening knowledge of birds , trees , insects , and flowers .

As the Public Accounts Committee of the House of Commons had demonstrated , however , neither the Government nor the health authorities had accurate information on the exact numbers employed or any sensible means of controlling numbers .
as the public accounts committee of the house of commons had demonstrated , however , neither the government nor the health authorities had [correct/right] information on the exact numbers employed or any sensible means of controlling numbers .

However , it also meant that the sort of movements which normally flow through Clough had to be accurate to the point of perfection if they were not to be enmeshed in blue shirts .
however , it also meant that the sort of movements which normally flow through clough had to be [correct/right] to the point of perfection if they were not to be enmeshed in blue shirts .

Such information was ‘ entirely accurate and provable ’ , but the files themselves could not be inspected .
such information was ‘ entirely [correct/right] and provable ’ , but the files themselves could not be inspected .

Michael Joseph does include a note , tucked away in small type , stating that , ‘ since footpaths , cairns and other waymarks described here may no longer be accurate , walkers are advised to check with an up-to-date Ordnance Survey map when planning a walk ’ .
michael joseph does include a note , tucked away in small type , stating that , ‘ since footpaths , cairns and other waymarks described here may no longer be [correct/right] , walkers are advised to check with an up-to-date ordnance survey map when planning a walk ’ .

Hipparcos is named after Hipparchus , the Greek astronomer who , in about 150 bc , drew the first accurate star chart .
hipparcos is named after hipparchus , the greek astronomer who , in about 150 bc , drew the first [correct/right] star chart .

The handsome and sombre costumes , historically accurate , are relieved by colour only in the auto-da-fe , which seemed to belong to another production and signally failed to make the flesh creep , even when the fire was lit in the victims ' underground cage .
the handsome and sombre costumes , historically [correct/right] , are relieved by colour only in the auto-da-fe , which seemed to belong to another production and signally failed to make the flesh creep , even when the fire was lit in the victims ' underground cage .

Boyle cleverly kept the ball in play on the right-hand touch , Rory Underwood came in to midfield from his wing and sharp accurate passing allowed Leicester to exploit an overlap on the left .
boyle cleverly kept the ball in play on the right-hand touch , rory underwood came in to midfield from his wing and sharp [correct/right] passing allowed leicester to exploit an overlap on the left .

To be strictly accurate a species can be defined precisely only in living animals , where it refers to populations that can interbreed under natural conditions , and which produce offspring that are capable of further reproducing their kind .
to be strictly [correct/right] a species can be defined precisely only in living animals , where it refers to populations that can interbreed under natural conditions , and which produce offspring that are capable of further reproducing their kind .

Accurate identification of molluscs is a skilled business , and there is a vast literature describing fossil species , but it is easy to recognize the most important types preserved in fossils .
[correct/right] identification of molluscs is a skilled business , and there is a vast literature describing fossil species , but it is easy to recognize the most important types preserved in fossils .

It is important to collect both ‘ halves ’ of the fossil to get an accurate representation of the shell — the external mould will preserve the overall shape and sculptural details , while the internal mould shows what the teeth and muscle scars were like .
it is important to collect both ‘ halves ’ of the fossil to get an [correct/right] representation of the shell — the external mould will preserve the overall shape and sculptural details , while the internal mould shows what the teeth and muscle scars were like .

Thin sections show a great variety of internal structures important in accurate identification .
thin sections show a great variety of internal structures important in [correct/right] identification .

This curious species is preserved in a fine-grained sandstone as an external mould — that is , all the original shell material has been dissolved away , but this still allows an accurate view of the original organism , especially if an artificial cast is taken from the natural mould .
this curious species is preserved in a fine-grained sandstone as an external mould — that is , all the original shell material has been dissolved away , but this still allows an [correct/right] view of the original organism , especially if an artificial cast is taken from the natural mould .

We tend to think of the reptiles as somehow past their ‘ prime ’ , but it would be more accurate to say that they had been displaced from the top jobs in nature , while more than holding their own in the shop floor .
we tend to think of the reptiles as somehow past their ‘ prime ’ , but it would be more [correct/right] to say that they had been displaced from the top jobs in nature , while more than holding their own in the shop floor .

Every sector of the Northern Ireland community — industrial , agricultural , commercial , social — will need accurate information from Brussels to maximise the benefits for Northern Ireland of the Single Market .
every sector of the northern ireland community — industrial , agricultural , commercial , social — will need [correct/right] information from brussels to maximise the benefits for northern ireland of the single market .

To promote direct access to the policy-making , advisory and legislative bodies of the Community and to provide accurate information about developments within the Community with particular relevance to the Province .
to promote direct access to the policy-making , advisory and legislative bodies of the community and to provide [correct/right] information about developments within the community with particular relevance to the province .

If decisions are to be made about the deployment of resources or the implementation of the curriculum then they should be made on accurate and reliable information .
if decisions are to be made about the deployment of resources or the implementation of the curriculum then they should be made on [correct/right] and reliable information .

This has resulted in an increased need to have accurate localised information , both quantitative and qualitative .
this has resulted in an increased need to have [correct/right] localised information , both quantitative and qualitative .

It contrasts with the information needs for operational control which are well defined , detailed and accurate .
it contrasts with the information needs for operational control which are well defined , detailed and [correct/right] .

Fifthly , selection procedures must be introduced which are based on accurate and relevant person and job specifications and which are predictive in nature .
fifthly , selection procedures must be introduced which are based on [correct/right] and relevant person and job specifications and which are predictive in nature .

Some of the signs , such as the quantity of berries on certain trees in autumn were for long-range forecasts , while still others could tell the weather for that very hour : ( The Shamrock is folding its garments before a heavy downpour ) is not only a picturesque saying but tends also to be accurate .
some of the signs , such as the quantity of berries on certain trees in autumn were for long-range forecasts , while still others could tell the weather for that very hour : ( the shamrock is folding its garments before a heavy downpour ) is not only a picturesque saying but tends also to be [correct/right] .

To be strictly accurate , there are two Wolvertons , Old and New .
to be strictly [correct/right] , there are two wolvertons , old and new .

With greater understanding of its causes , however , scientists hope at least to provide accurate long-term prediction , so that everyone who is directly affected — virtually everyone in the southern hemisphere — can be prepared .
with greater understanding of its causes , however , scientists hope at least to provide [correct/right] long-term prediction , so that everyone who is directly affected — virtually everyone in the southern hemisphere — can be prepared .

The magic 300 , which in the event proved a cannily accurate figure , was achieved briefly in 1912 and again in 1938 but then not until the swinging sixties , a time coincident with the Club 's finances stabilising .
the magic 300 , which in the event proved a cannily [correct/right] figure , was achieved briefly in 1912 and again in 1938 but then not until the swinging sixties , a time coincident with the club 's finances stabilising .

Teacher warns beforehand that the reporting back has to be accurate ( extrinsic ) .
teacher warns beforehand that the reporting back has to be [correct/right] ( extrinsic ) .

This seems to me to be a more accurate picture of the nature of religious belief than one which suggests that those who really believe , must confess to an unbridgeable gulf between themselves and ‘ unbelief ‘ .
this seems to me to be a more [correct/right] picture of the nature of religious belief than one which suggests that those who really believe , must confess to an unbridgeable gulf between themselves and ‘ unbelief ‘ .

This is sometimes said of Buddhism , but it would be more accurate to say that the question of God 's existence is a debate within Buddhism itself , and that the different forms of Buddhism are partially the product of different answers to the question of God 's existence .
this is sometimes said of buddhism , but it would be more [correct/right] to say that the question of god 's existence is a debate within buddhism itself , and that the different forms of buddhism are partially the product of different answers to the question of god 's existence .

However , although frequently described as polytheistic , it would be more accurate to describe Hinduism as a religion which has become monotheistic by another route to that taken by the Near Eastern religions .
however , although frequently described as polytheistic , it would be more [correct/right] to describe hinduism as a religion which has become monotheistic by another route to that taken by the near eastern religions .

Is it any more accurate to call Hinduism polytheistic because of its talk of many gods than to call Roman Catholicism polytheistic on account of its talk of many saints ?
is it any more [correct/right] to call hinduism polytheistic because of its talk of many gods than to call roman catholicism polytheistic on account of its talk of many saints ?

The current Building Regs are the 1985 edition : books published in 1986 or later should be reasonably accurate .
the current building regs are the 1985 edition : books published in 1986 or later should be reasonably [correct/right] .

Accurate , well-spaced sowing makes pricking out seedlings easier , and because they are less crowded the seedlings that do grow are stronger and sturdier .
[correct/right] , well-spaced sowing makes pricking out seedlings easier , and because they are less crowded the seedlings that do grow are stronger and sturdier .

In fact where it has been adopted results suggest that most employees are extremely realistic about their own performance and can indeed make a reasonably accurate assessment .
in fact where it has been adopted results suggest that most employees are extremely realistic about their own performance and can indeed make a reasonably [correct/right] assessment .

Not only must you be accurate but armed with strong , supporting evidence .
not only must you be [correct/right] but armed with strong , supporting evidence .

all numbers and calculations must be accurate , that is , devoid of error
all numbers and calculations must be [correct/right] , that is , devoid of error

Always ask : how could they be so accurate ?
always ask : how could they be so [correct/right] ?

And thanks to their accurate quartz movement you need never be behind time .
and thanks to their [correct/right] quartz movement you need never be behind time .

governs the aptitude for accurate expression and use of language
governs the aptitude for [correct/right] expression and use of language

• We will be briefing MPs , making sure they have accurate information , and ensuring that the ‘ Peace Dividend ’ is a major issue at all the political party conferences .
• we will be briefing mps , making sure they have [correct/right] information , and ensuring that the ‘ peace dividend ’ is a major issue at all the political party conferences .

further , it is intuitively likely that a clock that is becoming less strong is also becoming less accurate .
further , it is intuitively likely that a clock that is becoming less strong is also becoming less [correct/right] .

The impression that post-war production was almost totally dominated by Rank and his subsidiary companies is largely accurate .
the impression that post-war production was almost totally dominated by rank and his subsidiary companies is largely [correct/right] .

The excitement , suspense , and danger which seems the lot of the police on celluloid feeds into the definitions many of Easton 's section police give to their work experience , and the supposed similarity of this experience leads them to see police films and television programmes as an accurate portrayal , to be watched avidly because of this shared world .
the excitement , suspense , and danger which seems the lot of the police on celluloid feeds into the definitions many of easton 's section police give to their work experience , and the supposed similarity of this experience leads them to see police films and television programmes as an [correct/right] portrayal , to be watched avidly because of this shared world .

Even though the portrayal of police work on celluloid is not a realistic description of policing in Easton , the conceptualizations they have of their role as fighters of ‘ big crime ’ , which they have to be continually prepared for , encourages them to see the media portrayal of policing as accurate , thus completing the circle .
even though the portrayal of police work on celluloid is not a realistic description of policing in easton , the conceptualizations they have of their role as fighters of ‘ big crime ’ , which they have to be continually prepared for , encourages them to see the media portrayal of policing as [correct/right] , thus completing the circle .

It would have been more accurate to say that all policemen and women ‘ should have ’ such a role , for unfortunately many do not ( see Trojanowicz and Pollard 1986 ) .
it would have been more [correct/right] to say that all policemen and women ‘ should have ’ such a role , for unfortunately many do not ( see trojanowicz and pollard 1986 ) .

Playing an unusual opening variation , Yusupov secured some advantage , but with accurate play Karpov fought back .
playing an unusual opening variation , yusupov secured some advantage , but with [correct/right] play karpov fought back .

Matchbox grips , like today 's bubble-gum wrappers , were a particularly accurate evocation of the man-in-the-street 's pride and prejudices .
matchbox grips , like today 's bubble-gum wrappers , were a particularly [correct/right] evocation of the man-in-the-street 's pride and prejudices .

She was also said to have doubted whether it would produce accurate information .
she was also said to have doubted whether it would produce [correct/right] information .

Mr Lawson 's mistake was that when formal monetary targeting broke down because of the impossibility of finding any measure of money which bore an accurate relationship with nominal demand , he thought that he could use the exchange rate as an informal target .
mr lawson 's mistake was that when formal monetary targeting broke down because of the impossibility of finding any measure of money which bore an [correct/right] relationship with nominal demand , he thought that he could use the exchange rate as an informal target .

These may or may not have significance ; what needs to be certain is that descriptions are accurate , for if they are wrong , deductions from them will be valueless .
these may or may not have significance ; what needs to be certain is that descriptions are [correct/right] , for if they are wrong , deductions from them will be valueless .

In chapter 4 , on monographs , there were some comments on the photography of art as a complement to criticism ; there are some other issues about how accurate or misleading photographs can be .
in chapter 4 , on monographs , there were some comments on the photography of art as a complement to criticism ; there are some other issues about how [correct/right] or misleading photographs can be .

Of how there are no accurate contemporary representations of her life , only this heritage stuff about happy agricultural labourers with straws in their mouths , or chirpy cockneys eating winkles .
of how there are no [correct/right] contemporary representations of her life , only this heritage stuff about happy agricultural labourers with straws in their mouths , or chirpy cockneys eating winkles .

It is the essential but usually overlooked fact that in any psychophysical experiment when , for example , subjects are asked whether or not they perceive a stimulus , their responses , verbal or otherwise , can not be relied on as accurate accounts of their conscious experiences .
it is the essential but usually overlooked fact that in any psychophysical experiment when , for example , subjects are asked whether or not they perceive a stimulus , their responses , verbal or otherwise , can not be relied on as [correct/right] accounts of their conscious experiences .

Mammography is less accurate at detecting cancers in younger women .
mammography is less [correct/right] at detecting cancers in younger women .

But remember you have to wait at least 12 weeks after the possible infection for the test result to be accurate .
but remember you have to wait at least 12 weeks after the possible infection for the test result to be [correct/right] .

Use a string as a guide to accurate shaping at the beginning of the season , thereafter working by eye .
use a string as a guide to [correct/right] shaping at the beginning of the season , thereafter working by eye .

After getting back into the accurate turn as before , apply a very small amount of opposite rudder to create a slightly slipping turn and try the stall again .
after getting back into the [correct/right] turn as before , apply a very small amount of opposite rudder to create a slightly slipping turn and try the stall again .

The ideal , of course , is the accurate turn with the yaw string central or , as some pilots say , showing a very slight slipping movement ( because the cockpit is ahead of the c.g . )
the ideal , of course , is the [correct/right] turn with the yaw string central or , as some pilots say , showing a very slight slipping movement ( because the cockpit is ahead of the c.g . )

If it is the first flight of the day for you , then it should always be the aim to make it an accurate spot landing .
if it is the first flight of the day for you , then it should always be the aim to make it an [correct/right] spot landing .

This helps stress the need to get the whole approach right if the landings are to be reasonably accurate .
this helps stress the need to get the whole approach right if the landings are to be reasonably [correct/right] .

However , as pilots become more confident about their landings , it is very important for them to develop the skills needed to co-ordinate the stick and airbrake during the final hold off , so that an even more accurate touch down can be made .
however , as pilots become more confident about their landings , it is very important for them to develop the skills needed to co-ordinate the stick and airbrake during the final hold off , so that an even more [correct/right] touch down can be made .

It is undesirable to finish the approach with very little airbrake , although even this situation , from the point of view of an accurate touch down , is better than full airbrake and too much speed causing the glider to overshoot the point .
it is undesirable to finish the approach with very little airbrake , although even this situation , from the point of view of an [correct/right] touch down , is better than full airbrake and too much speed causing the glider to overshoot the point .

If you are in good practice , it is fun to discover just how accurate you can be with a crosswind landing .
if you are in good practice , it is fun to discover just how [correct/right] you can be with a crosswind landing .

It is also surprisingly difficult to hold accurate heading during a full airbrake sideslipping approach .
it is also surprisingly difficult to hold [correct/right] heading during a full airbrake sideslipping approach .

Aerobatics are an excellent way of improving your co-ordination and confidence , particularly if you aim to make them accurate and smooth-flowing .
aerobatics are an excellent way of improving your co-ordination and confidence , particularly if you aim to make them [correct/right] and smooth-flowing .

It is fun to practise pulling up into a climb and trying to establish an accurate , low-speed , steep turn .
it is fun to practise pulling up into a climb and trying to establish an [correct/right] , low-speed , steep turn .

( ‘ Platonic myth ’ might be more accurate , if we detach from poetry does ‘ narrate ’ in a Joycean sense . )
( ‘ platonic myth ’ might be more [correct/right] , if we detach from poetry does ‘ narrate ’ in a joycean sense . )

Little wonder there was ‘ intellectual disorder ’ — if that is the correct word for daily thought stymied by explicit threats of destruction ; ‘ a state of mind fundamentally disturbed ’ — if they are the mots justes for those who doubt whether they will be able to put their professional training into practice ; ‘ bordering on the neurotic ’ — if that is an accurate description for lives lived under the fear of total extinction in the mushroom cloud .
little wonder there was ‘ intellectual disorder ’ — if that is the correct word for daily thought stymied by explicit threats of destruction ; ‘ a state of mind fundamentally disturbed ’ — if they are the mots justes for those who doubt whether they will be able to put their professional training into practice ; ‘ bordering on the neurotic ’ — if that is an [correct/right] description for lives lived under the fear of total extinction in the mushroom cloud .

He was proving himself to be not only an accurate witness to the times , but a respected one , too .
he was proving himself to be not only an [correct/right] witness to the times , but a respected one , too .

The good coach weighs individual entries on accurate scales and warns any marginals to take care .
the good coach weighs individual entries on [correct/right] scales and warns any marginals to take care .

Its analysis of police culture was certainly incisive and accurate , as can be judged by its wholesale condemnation . Sir Kenneth Newman , to whom the report was presented , candidly admitted he would not have commissioned it in the first place ( it was commissioned by his predecessor , Sir David McNee ) , while the official Police Federation magazine ( Police , December 1983 ) concluded in an editorial :
its analysis of police culture was certainly incisive and [correct/right] , as can be judged by its wholesale condemnation . sir kenneth newman , to whom the report was presented , candidly admitted he would not have commissioned it in the first place ( it was commissioned by his predecessor , sir david mcnee ) , while the official police federation magazine ( police , december 1983 ) concluded in an editorial :

The 5in faceplate is turned rather than cast , so is more accurate .
the 5in faceplate is turned rather than cast , so is more [correct/right] .

Calculate ( accurate to two decimal places ) the correct centre distanced of each socket from its neighbour so that the specifications given above are satisfied .
calculate ( [correct/right] to two decimal places ) the correct centre distanced of each socket from its neighbour so that the specifications given above are satisfied .

Because of their bracing action the joints have to accurate
because of their bracing action the joints have to [correct/right]

So she must be flashy for Purdy , devastatingly accurate for Roy .
so she must be flashy for purdy , devastatingly [correct/right] for roy .

Apart from a specialist service second to none , the importance of accurate figures relating to the incidence of the various conditions has not been overlooked , and , again , Great Britain leads the world .
apart from a specialist service second to none , the importance of [correct/right] figures relating to the incidence of the various conditions has not been overlooked , and , again , great britain leads the world .

With syphilis and gonorrhoea , the ages are also recorded , and this means that an accurate map of disease prevalence can be drawn and any trends or changes can be recognized very quickly .
with syphilis and gonorrhoea , the ages are also recorded , and this means that an [correct/right] map of disease prevalence can be drawn and any trends or changes can be recognized very quickly .

The figures from the United Kingdom , acknowledged as they are to be the most accurate , still underestimate the true incidence of infection .
the figures from the united kingdom , acknowledged as they are to be the most [correct/right] , still underestimate the true incidence of infection .

There is evidence of good microbiological research emanating from Russia and Poland , but even if the communist countries had accurate figures on disease prevalence they might feel that publication of these would reflect badly on their political systems .
there is evidence of good microbiological research emanating from russia and poland , but even if the communist countries had [correct/right] figures on disease prevalence they might feel that publication of these would reflect badly on their political systems .

Their figures for the incidence of the various diseases are fairly accurate , every doctor having to fill in a form listing the number of cases of communicable disease seen each week ; however , as elsewhere , the minor sexually transmitted diseases are not included .
their figures for the incidence of the various diseases are fairly [correct/right] , every doctor having to fill in a form listing the number of cases of communicable disease seen each week ; however , as elsewhere , the minor sexually transmitted diseases are not included .

Whereas not all clinics necessarily do a full general examination , it is vital to the doctor to be able to examine the genitalia both externally and internally , because , for reasons that should be clear from preceding chapters , it is impossible to make an accurate diagnosis without such examination .
whereas not all clinics necessarily do a full general examination , it is vital to the doctor to be able to examine the genitalia both externally and internally , because , for reasons that should be clear from preceding chapters , it is impossible to make an [correct/right] diagnosis without such examination .

Simply examining the purulent discharge does not give accurate enough answers .
simply examining the purulent discharge does not give [correct/right] enough answers .

Also , in the event of a decompression incident , it provides the chamber operator with an accurate record of dives done ; something that the dive log does not always state in enough detail .
also , in the event of a decompression incident , it provides the chamber operator with an [correct/right] record of dives done ; something that the dive log does not always state in enough detail .

It gives a stable platform for in-water decompression , allowing accurate water stops .
it gives a stable platform for in-water decompression , allowing [correct/right] water stops .

At seven it came — so regularly that you could set your watch by it … It always had the same objective , its range was accurate , it never varied laterally or went beyond or fell short of the mark … There were even some inquisitive fellows who crawled out … a little before seven , in order to see it burst . The German artillery did just the same thing , as the following account from the British side shows :
at seven it came — so regularly that you could set your watch by it … it always had the same objective , its range was [correct/right] , it never varied laterally or went beyond or fell short of the mark … there were even some inquisitive fellows who crawled out … a little before seven , in order to see it burst . the german artillery did just the same thing , as the following account from the british side shows :

His calculations were very accurate , and he was able to take what seemed to uninitiated Staff Officers big risks , knowing that the shelling would stop before he reached the place being shelled .
his calculations were very [correct/right] , and he was able to take what seemed to uninitiated staff officers big risks , knowing that the shelling would stop before he reached the place being shelled .

This letter of Madame 's is n't entirely accurate … True , she went to bed late , and was often at her desk until four a.m. , and so might have been expected to rise well after midday , and luxuriate over breakfast before beginning her day 's work at one in the afternoon .
this letter of madame 's is n't entirely [correct/right] … true , she went to bed late , and was often at her desk until four a.m. , and so might have been expected to rise well after midday , and luxuriate over breakfast before beginning her day 's work at one in the afternoon .

If sufficient measurements are taken , this is a very accurate way of making a copy .
if sufficient measurements are taken , this is a very [correct/right] way of making a copy .

Accurate ridging and drilling make hoeing much easier .
[correct/right] ridging and drilling make hoeing much easier .

It proved to be a surprisingly accurate account of what in the event did happen , and is outlined here to illustrate the way in which , in one corner of Oxfordshire , changes which had been argued over for a decade could be effected in a relatively short time .
it proved to be a surprisingly [correct/right] account of what in the event did happen , and is outlined here to illustrate the way in which , in one corner of oxfordshire , changes which had been argued over for a decade could be effected in a relatively short time .

Publishing excerpts from material such as planning applications for the purpose of public information , comment or criticism is not an infringement of copyright ; alternatively , you could find someone who can make a reasonable but accurate sketch of the proposals .
publishing excerpts from material such as planning applications for the purpose of public information , comment or criticism is not an infringement of copyright ; alternatively , you could find someone who can make a reasonable but [correct/right] sketch of the proposals .

After the tubercle bacillus was identified , accurate diagnosis of tuberculosis , of the lungs and of other organs , became possible .
after the tubercle bacillus was identified , [correct/right] diagnosis of tuberculosis , of the lungs and of other organs , became possible .

Advances in pathology brought accurate descriptions of the different kinds of new growth and allowed some sort of classification , but gave little help in suggesting remedies .
advances in pathology brought [correct/right] descriptions of the different kinds of new growth and allowed some sort of classification , but gave little help in suggesting remedies .

Even such an elementary requirement as the accurate control of acidity and the alkalinity was difficult until , in about 1912 , Sørensen devised the scale of measurement known as pH , and pioneered the use of solutions which ‘ buffered ’ changes of pH .
even such an elementary requirement as the [correct/right] control of acidity and the alkalinity was difficult until , in about 1912 , sørensen devised the scale of measurement known as ph , and pioneered the use of solutions which ‘ buffered ’ changes of ph .

For plotting a course you had to have an accurate speedometer .
for plotting a course you had to have an [correct/right] speedometer .

It was also arranged that he would be given accurate intelligence by radio on a regular basis .
it was also arranged that he would be given [correct/right] intelligence by radio on a regular basis .

Although the official world championship did not start until 1950 , Hamilton has wisely used a broader brush with excellent effect to put the race in an accurate historical perspective .
although the official world championship did not start until 1950 , hamilton has wisely used a broader brush with excellent effect to put the race in an [correct/right] historical perspective .

In the months leading up to the Prague autumn , The Slavia played elegant host to a more accurate cross-section of Czech society — punks , housewives , artists , students , writers , weary shoppers — than probably existed anywhere in the country until the rallies in Wenceslas Square .
in the months leading up to the prague autumn , the slavia played elegant host to a more [correct/right] cross-section of czech society — punks , housewives , artists , students , writers , weary shoppers — than probably existed anywhere in the country until the rallies in wenceslas square .

This was the first time they had reached the second round and it was reflected in the atmosphere , though the official attendance of 3,877 , a record for the purpose-built Meadow Park ground , was hardly accurate .
this was the first time they had reached the second round and it was reflected in the atmosphere , though the official attendance of 3,877 , a record for the purpose-built meadow park ground , was hardly [correct/right] .

Horner 's fierce forehand had been her best weapon , but Soutter was able to contain it with steady and accurate driving and a calm mind .
horner 's fierce forehand had been her best weapon , but soutter was able to contain it with steady and [correct/right] driving and a calm mind .

Wise and Newell scored in each half as England demonstrated the simple virtues of producing accurate crosses and getting someone on to the end of them .
wise and newell scored in each half as england demonstrated the simple virtues of producing [correct/right] crosses and getting someone on to the end of them .

Not only is the creature convincingly modelled and animated , but ray tracing and lighting effects are used to give accurate refraction and reflection so that it really does look as if it is made of water .
not only is the creature convincingly modelled and animated , but ray tracing and lighting effects are used to give [correct/right] refraction and reflection so that it really does look as if it is made of water .

The statistics we have on the number of racial incidents are not accurate because there is gross under-reporting .
the statistics we have on the number of racial incidents are not [correct/right] because there is gross under-reporting .

Its chassis offers terrific handling balance , great traction matched to positive brakes and accurate steering .
its chassis offers terrific handling balance , great traction matched to positive brakes and [correct/right] steering .

All competing teams should report to the Dashwood Arms , Kirtlington at 8am. , bringing with them an accurate set of scales .
all competing teams should report to the dashwood arms , kirtlington at 8am. , bringing with them an [correct/right] set of scales .

We must accept that study has proved that the Bible is not historically true in all its parts ; we must declare that no Christian need suppose the book of Genesis to be an accurate physical account of the making of the world , nor mind if study proves contradictions in the different accounts in the gospels .
we must accept that study has proved that the bible is not historically true in all its parts ; we must declare that no christian need suppose the book of genesis to be an [correct/right] physical account of the making of the world , nor mind if study proves contradictions in the different accounts in the gospels .

The restrictions on that country 's course of action are therefore less powerful than in the case of the Japanese example above , and its future behaviour is less suited to accurate prediction .
the restrictions on that country 's course of action are therefore less powerful than in the case of the japanese example above , and its future behaviour is less suited to [correct/right] prediction .

The different age groupings , in particular , would make accurate comparisons impossible .
the different age groupings , in particular , would make [correct/right] comparisons impossible .

But to ascribe this to male chauvinism would n't be accurate either .
but to ascribe this to male chauvinism would n't be [correct/right] either .

Another reason for our inability to give accurate figures is due to the prevalence of several other types of population movement , some of them on a huge scale , although extended over a longer period .
another reason for our inability to give [correct/right] figures is due to the prevalence of several other types of population movement , some of them on a huge scale , although extended over a longer period .

The sniping was still fairly accurate and still concentrated in and around the orchard .
the sniping was still fairly [correct/right] and still concentrated in and around the orchard .

They draw up contracts , ensure appropriate legal protection for copyrights , advise on recording and marketing budgets and check that royalty payments to artists and producers are made in a timely and accurate fashion .
they draw up contracts , ensure appropriate legal protection for copyrights , advise on recording and marketing budgets and check that royalty payments to artists and producers are made in a timely and [correct/right] fashion .

On this occasion , Berlin had a thick cloud cover that went down to 2,000 ft and made accurate bombing impossible .
on this occasion , berlin had a thick cloud cover that went down to 2,000 ft and made [correct/right] bombing impossible .

Too often the car feels lurchy , with accurate placement largely a matter of guesswork .
too often the car feels lurchy , with [correct/right] placement largely a matter of guesswork .

There 's no accurate communication through the rim , no sense of confidence in placing the car .
there 's no [correct/right] communication through the rim , no sense of confidence in placing the car .

This section , describing in accurate seamen 's language a voyage past The Dry Salvages in a fishing boat loaded with ‘ canned baked beans ’ combined Eliot 's own sea knowledge with that of the Gloucester dory fishermen , and bound these up with the ‘ well-told seaman 's yarn ’ of Dante 's Ulysses and with Tennyson 's Ulysses ( who may be related to Gerontion ) .
this section , describing in [correct/right] seamen 's language a voyage past the dry salvages in a fishing boat loaded with ‘ canned baked beans ’ combined eliot 's own sea knowledge with that of the gloucester dory fishermen , and bound these up with the ‘ well-told seaman 's yarn ’ of dante 's ulysses and with tennyson 's ulysses ( who may be related to gerontion ) .

But if the second view is accurate do not the rogues become another clear instance of transgression contained , of a subculture which has internalized the structures and values of the dominant culture ?
but if the second view is [correct/right] do not the rogues become another clear instance of transgression contained , of a subculture which has internalized the structures and values of the dominant culture ?

Perceptions need not be strictly accurate .
perceptions need not be strictly [correct/right] .

By the time of the election , even those with poor or biased information sources had enough accurate information to form the same judgement as those with better information sources .
by the time of the election , even those with poor or biased information sources had enough [correct/right] information to form the same judgement as those with better information sources .

By the time of the election , even those with poor or biased information sources had enough accurate information to form the same judgement as those with better information sources .
by the time of the election , even those with poor or biased information sources had enough [correct/right] information to form the same judgement as those with better information sources .

It had bare , exposed recitative telling how Jubal killed a swan and learnt music from its dying song , and twanging , soft , oscillating piano octaves within which the voice was supposed to lodge with accurate purity .
it had bare , exposed recitative telling how jubal killed a swan and learnt music from its dying song , and twanging , soft , oscillating piano octaves within which the voice was supposed to lodge with [correct/right] purity .

‘ The goal was to develop a research process that would result in systematic , accurate collection of land ownership data while facilitating maximum participation and potential for follow-up action . ’
‘ the goal was to develop a research process that would result in systematic , [correct/right] collection of land ownership data while facilitating maximum participation and potential for follow-up action . ’

Iditis is the most comprehensive and accurate resource of protein structure information available and provides a complete set of powerful data retrieval and analysis tools .
iditis is the most comprehensive and [correct/right] resource of protein structure information available and provides a complete set of powerful data retrieval and analysis tools .

The Potential Energy Functions Consortium is committed to the derivation and validation of accurate ‘ second generation ’ potential energy functions and parameters for a broad range of chemical compounds .
the potential energy functions consortium is committed to the derivation and validation of [correct/right] ‘ second generation ’ potential energy functions and parameters for a broad range of chemical compounds .

Nonetheless , simple systems are widely used to do ab initio calculations accurate enough to answer important questions for reasonably complex molecules .
nonetheless , simple systems are widely used to do ab initio calculations [correct/right] enough to answer important questions for reasonably complex molecules .

Calculations make it possible to compare and contrast molecular configuration or perturbations with experimental results and ‘ at times ’ can expose them as possibly accurate or inaccurate .
calculations make it possible to compare and contrast molecular configuration or perturbations with experimental results and ‘ at times ’ can expose them as possibly [correct/right] or inaccurate .

Many found it difficult to give accurate figures as the livestock year dictated two very definite peak work periods .
many found it difficult to give [correct/right] figures as the livestock year dictated two very definite peak work periods .

Biographies of such people as Bunsen , Lavoisier and Priestley ( Table 1 ) were attractively illustrated and historically accurate .
biographies of such people as bunsen , lavoisier and priestley ( table 1 ) were attractively illustrated and historically [correct/right] .

Although official records might be expected to give an accurate picture of changes in the range and scale of provision , a considerable amount of work was necessary to establish even this basic framework .
although official records might be expected to give an [correct/right] picture of changes in the range and scale of provision , a considerable amount of work was necessary to establish even this basic framework .

The Cognitive–Behavioural approach encourages clients to check out how accurate their representation of a situation is .
the cognitive–behavioural approach encourages clients to check out how [correct/right] their representation of a situation is .

Though the standard approach to agoraphobia is an overtly behavioural one of graded exposure , many of the aspects of exposure that used to be described as ‘ non-specific ’ , such as arriving at a realistic interpretation of the week 's events , or at accurate expectations for the future , or dealing with reservations about treatment , are now described in cognitive terms .
though the standard approach to agoraphobia is an overtly behavioural one of graded exposure , many of the aspects of exposure that used to be described as ‘ non-specific ’ , such as arriving at a realistic interpretation of the week 's events , or at [correct/right] expectations for the future , or dealing with reservations about treatment , are now described in cognitive terms .

To make sure you are not over the line at the start , try and get an accurate transit — do not use a moving ship on the horizon !
to make sure you are not over the line at the start , try and get an [correct/right] transit — do not use a moving ship on the horizon !

Although the general heading of this section is ‘ the special problem of Kosovo ’ , it would be more accurate to describe it as ‘ the special problem of Serbia ’ .
although the general heading of this section is ‘ the special problem of kosovo ’ , it would be more [correct/right] to describe it as ‘ the special problem of serbia ’ .

The popular image of him as a laconic , amiable figure is not entirely accurate .
the popular image of him as a laconic , amiable figure is not entirely [correct/right] .

Indeed , in answering my question , identifying her place in a knowing audience is more important than supplying ‘ accurate ’ information about Jamie 's role , which is added only as an afterthought : ‘ He 's cute and podgy ’ .
indeed , in answering my question , identifying her place in a knowing audience is more important than supplying ‘ [correct/right] ’ information about jamie 's role , which is added only as an afterthought : ‘ he 's cute and podgy ’ .

After that , Hill , feeding off a series of well-weighted , accurate passes from Richard Smith in midfield , continued to torment the Bolton defence with a series of penetrative runs down the flank .
after that , hill , feeding off a series of well-weighted , [correct/right] passes from richard smith in midfield , continued to torment the bolton defence with a series of penetrative runs down the flank .

It is obvious that good economic indicators no more ensure good economic management than accurate instruments on the dashboard of a car ensure safe driving .
it is obvious that good economic indicators no more ensure good economic management than [correct/right] instruments on the dashboard of a car ensure safe driving .

The advance has proved highly accurate in recognising continuously spoken airborne reconnaissance reports for the Royal Air Force .
the advance has proved highly [correct/right] in recognising continuously spoken airborne reconnaissance reports for the royal air force .

Strictly speaking , this last description is accurate .
strictly speaking , this last description is [correct/right] .

Each side claims that its estimate of the chances of nuclear catastrophe is more accurate .
each side claims that its estimate of the chances of nuclear catastrophe is more [correct/right] .

Probably the most accurate statement would be that a person intends to kill if it is his or her purpose to kill by the act or omission charged , or if he or she foresees that death is practically certain to follow from that act or omission .
probably the most [correct/right] statement would be that a person intends to kill if it is his or her purpose to kill by the act or omission charged , or if he or she foresees that death is practically certain to follow from that act or omission .

In one respect here the story is , historically speaking , probably accurate .
in one respect here the story is , historically speaking , probably [correct/right] .

To be more accurate , while Norah Docker sought the cameramen Sir Bernard hung about like a good-natured but rather dim St Bernard dog providing the money for her extravagance .
to be more [correct/right] , while norah docker sought the cameramen sir bernard hung about like a good-natured but rather dim st bernard dog providing the money for her extravagance .

The recordings , introduced and summed up by Tom , give seven varied perceptions of Kirsty 's spirit — some more accurate , some more general .
the recordings , introduced and summed up by tom , give seven varied perceptions of kirsty 's spirit — some more [correct/right] , some more general .

And he recommends big cereal farmers to register now , because the final commitment does not have to be made until the end of August , when an accurate assessment of how much levy can be saved is known .
and he recommends big cereal farmers to register now , because the final commitment does not have to be made until the end of august , when an [correct/right] assessment of how much levy can be saved is known .

Most traders , by the middle of this week , were still waiting for confirmation from maltsters on the accurate nitrogen tests .
most traders , by the middle of this week , were still waiting for confirmation from maltsters on the [correct/right] nitrogen tests .

Cambridge Veterinary Sciences , Littleport , Cambs , has launched a rapid five-minute Mastcheck 24-test pack for subclinical mastitis detection , claimed to be more accurate and reliable than cell counts alone .
cambridge veterinary sciences , littleport , cambs , has launched a rapid five-minute mastcheck 24-test pack for subclinical mastitis detection , claimed to be more [correct/right] and reliable than cell counts alone .

What is needed for all application techniques is an accurate , low-cost method of setting and maintaining the spread rate .
what is needed for all application techniques is an [correct/right] , low-cost method of setting and maintaining the spread rate .

This provides accurate control of watering , so saving water too .
this provides [correct/right] control of watering , so saving water too .

All the photographs in this feature were taken on Fuji Velvia , a high quality slide film which is ideal for capturing plants and garden details , giving sharp , accurate reproduction of colour .
all the photographs in this feature were taken on fuji velvia , a high quality slide film which is ideal for capturing plants and garden details , giving sharp , [correct/right] reproduction of colour .

Her English was accurate enough , but there were slight awkwardnesses .
her english was [correct/right] enough , but there were slight awkwardnesses .

Some vital areas of information , such as the extent to which modern and traditional birth-control methods were used , lack any firm , accurate or trustworthy evidence .
some vital areas of information , such as the extent to which modern and traditional birth-control methods were used , lack any firm , [correct/right] or trustworthy evidence .

The American smiled at the accurate description of the Vice President whose reputation for always falling asleep at meetings had earned him the nickname of Mogadon Man .
the american smiled at the [correct/right] description of the vice president whose reputation for always falling asleep at meetings had earned him the nickname of mogadon man .

The potential information which can be extracted from a metal artefact by analytical and technological study extends far beyond providing accurate factual information for museum labels and excavation reports .
the potential information which can be extracted from a metal artefact by analytical and technological study extends far beyond providing [correct/right] factual information for museum labels and excavation reports .

The differences in composition are sometimes quite subtle so the technique must also be accurate and precise .
the differences in composition are sometimes quite subtle so the technique must also be [correct/right] and precise .

In dendrochronology the timescale of the master chronology is accurate to within one year .
in dendrochronology the timescale of the master chronology is [correct/right] to within one year .

It is therefore a very powerful dating technique making it possible to date the right archaeological samples ( see p. 144 ) to the year of felling , as well as providing the accurate calendar timescale necessary for radiocarbon calibration .
it is therefore a very powerful dating technique making it possible to date the right archaeological samples ( see p. 144 ) to the year of felling , as well as providing the [correct/right] calendar timescale necessary for radiocarbon calibration .

It is nevertheless essential in the majority of situations where there is a specific question on the chronology requiring an accurate and reasonably precise answer .
it is nevertheless essential in the majority of situations where there is a specific question on the chronology requiring an [correct/right] and reasonably precise answer .

Kendall never claimed , of course , that this method could ever be accurate enough to pinpoint where the archaeologist should sink his spade , but rather that it could help in choosing between a number of possible locations to which the search had been restricted on other grounds .
kendall never claimed , of course , that this method could ever be [correct/right] enough to pinpoint where the archaeologist should sink his spade , but rather that it could help in choosing between a number of possible locations to which the search had been restricted on other grounds .

Accurate surveying of contexts in three dimensions is clearly a major part of the excavation process .
[correct/right] surveying of contexts in three dimensions is clearly a major part of the excavation process .

Measurements taken from such a drawing allow a computer to compare axe shapes , and so also draw smooth and accurate reconstructions .
measurements taken from such a drawing allow a computer to compare axe shapes , and so also draw smooth and [correct/right] reconstructions .

There is now a general awareness of the desirability of providing accurate and well-maintained inventories of the holdings of all major publicly funded institutions in order to guard against the loss of objects .
there is now a general awareness of the desirability of providing [correct/right] and well-maintained inventories of the holdings of all major publicly funded institutions in order to guard against the loss of objects .

Making up accurate solutions in the correct concentration .
making up [correct/right] solutions in the correct concentration .

Dosing equipment : This is dealt with more fully in Chapter 4 but , as far as the effect on the product is concerned , it is important to have equipment that can be finely adjusted , that delivers an accurate and consistent dose of chemical and is reliable .
dosing equipment : this is dealt with more fully in chapter 4 but , as far as the effect on the product is concerned , it is important to have equipment that can be finely adjusted , that delivers an [correct/right] and consistent dose of chemical and is reliable .

This classification applies to devices used to deliver or control chemicals either at the point of use or for making up accurate solutions to be applied elsewhere .
this classification applies to devices used to deliver or control chemicals either at the point of use or for making up [correct/right] solutions to be applied elsewhere .

Obsolete systems use venturi feeds , similar to the tap proportioner , which are neither accurate nor constant .
obsolete systems use venturi feeds , similar to the tap proportioner , which are neither [correct/right] nor constant .

One system uses a peristaltic pump which , although very accurate , can not withstand back pressure .
one system uses a peristaltic pump which , although very [correct/right] , can not withstand back pressure .

Under the circumstances it is more accurate to carry out comparisons as follows : — .
under the circumstances it is more [correct/right] to carry out comparisons as follows : — .

Setting up accurate budgets .
setting up [correct/right] budgets .

Accurate records .
[correct/right] records .

Budgets : These must be accurate , detailed and identified exclusively with each cost centre .
budgets : these must be [correct/right] , detailed and identified exclusively with each cost centre .

Pure stands allow accurate control of the plant population and mechanisation of weeding and harvesting ( an implicit big farmer bias is evident here ) .
pure stands allow [correct/right] control of the plant population and mechanisation of weeding and harvesting ( an implicit big farmer bias is evident here ) .

Chapters 6 and 7 attempt to develop one which enables local situations to be studied in relation to wider concerns , and , to use ugly but accurate jargon , to ‘ theorise the conjuncture ’ .
chapters 6 and 7 attempt to develop one which enables local situations to be studied in relation to wider concerns , and , to use ugly but [correct/right] jargon , to ‘ theorise the conjuncture ’ .

Thomson , and a reformist journalist called Adolphe Smith , set out to produce a similar but better document on urban poverty , this time using photography for more accurate illustrations .
thomson , and a reformist journalist called adolphe smith , set out to produce a similar but better document on urban poverty , this time using photography for more [correct/right] illustrations .

Though the next decade quickly reversed the conservatism of the 1950s , the notion that British fiction lacks experimental energy , or even just quality , still survives ; a partially accurate picture , based upon a lapse in the experimental tradition less complete than suggested at the time .
though the next decade quickly reversed the conservatism of the 1950s , the notion that british fiction lacks experimental energy , or even just quality , still survives ; a partially [correct/right] picture , based upon a lapse in the experimental tradition less complete than suggested at the time .

He can not approach it by superimposing successive and ever more accurate ( more informed ) mental approximations to the real thing ; he can not name it , like an object , without fear of equivocation ; but rather it lies here , in the moment through which he is passing , and the important thing is to see that .
he can not approach it by superimposing successive and ever more [correct/right] ( more informed ) mental approximations to the real thing ; he can not name it , like an object , without fear of equivocation ; but rather it lies here , in the moment through which he is passing , and the important thing is to see that .

Had they been given a more accurate picture of what was actually taking place , would they have reacted differently ?
had they been given a more [correct/right] picture of what was actually taking place , would they have reacted differently ?

McCann refused to be nominated ; he took the quite accurate view that the meeting had been called in order to incorporate the militants , attach the lustre of their achievements to a new , more moderate group of leaders and thus deny them any significant influence .
mccann refused to be nominated ; he took the quite [correct/right] view that the meeting had been called in order to incorporate the militants , attach the lustre of their achievements to a new , more moderate group of leaders and thus deny them any significant influence .

The Committee proposed a broad statement of objectives with which the Operator would be required to abide : ‘ The director should seek , in close collaboration with the Supervisor of Broadcasting , to give a full , balanced , fair and accurate account of proceedings , with the aim of informing viewers about the work of the House ’ . The precise restrictions the Committee recommended , and which were imposed at the beginning of the experiment , may be summarised as follows :
the committee proposed a broad statement of objectives with which the operator would be required to abide : ‘ the director should seek , in close collaboration with the supervisor of broadcasting , to give a full , balanced , fair and [correct/right] account of proceedings , with the aim of informing viewers about the work of the house ’ . the precise restrictions the committee recommended , and which were imposed at the beginning of the experiment , may be summarised as follows :

The broadcasters have now said that , subject to some minor changes , they are reasonably content that the rules of coverage allow them to give an accurate representation of the House 's proceedings , and the Committee recommended that no further modifications be made to the rules at this stage .
the broadcasters have now said that , subject to some minor changes , they are reasonably content that the rules of coverage allow them to give an [correct/right] representation of the house 's proceedings , and the committee recommended that no further modifications be made to the rules at this stage .

Wolstenholme is accurate and he can putt .
wolstenholme is [correct/right] and he can putt .

Chasing a massive 287 for six , which included a powerful 122 off only 113 balls from Phil Simmons , South Africa succumbed to some accurate bowling to be all out for 180 in the 43rd over to give West Indies victory by 107 runs .
chasing a massive 287 for six , which included a powerful 122 off only 113 balls from phil simmons , south africa succumbed to some [correct/right] bowling to be all out for 180 in the 43rd over to give west indies victory by 107 runs .

The historic detail in the Cadfael books is so accurate , and the fact and fiction so skilfully mingled , that many people believe that Brother Cadfael was a real figure .
the historic detail in the cadfael books is so [correct/right] , and the fact and fiction so skilfully mingled , that many people believe that brother cadfael was a real figure .

O'Faolain 's prediction proved to be accurate .
o'faolain 's prediction proved to be [correct/right] .

This rather lethargic spell by both teams was characterised by accurate drawing which produced tight heads but very little fire .
this rather lethargic spell by both teams was characterised by [correct/right] drawing which produced tight heads but very little fire .

‘ The Greens will have to do without my vote , ’ said he , wryly , in a comment which was maybe a more accurate reflection of his views on the putting surfaces .
‘ the greens will have to do without my vote , ’ said he , wryly , in a comment which was maybe a more [correct/right] reflection of his views on the putting surfaces .

Dry hop flavour is an interesting application since the use of a liquid extract allows a more accurate and consistent flavour to be produced .
dry hop flavour is an interesting application since the use of a liquid extract allows a more [correct/right] and consistent flavour to be produced .

We feel that our function is to convey accurate information .
we feel that our function is to convey [correct/right] information .

When pressed he was unable to give an accurate answer why this was necessary , nor why the stamp read ‘ Do Not Bend ’ .
when pressed he was unable to give an [correct/right] answer why this was necessary , nor why the stamp read ‘ do not bend ’ .

The flux gate transducer outlined in this article can be used at the heart of a scientific magnetometer of highly accurate electronic compass
the flux gate transducer outlined in this article can be used at the heart of a scientific magnetometer of highly [correct/right] electronic compass

In fact , it is describing the circle in the most accurate way possible .
in fact , it is describing the circle in the most [correct/right] way possible .

This circuit , in conjunction with a digital voltmeter , gives a stable and accurate digital reading of frequency from about 50Hz to 19.99MHz .
this circuit , in conjunction with a digital voltmeter , gives a stable and [correct/right] digital reading of frequency from about 50hz to 19.99mhz .

Similarly , Shute emphasises that traffic broadcasts must be timely , relevant , accurate and sufficient .
similarly , shute emphasises that traffic broadcasts must be timely , relevant , [correct/right] and sufficient .

However if this way of jumping from two feet to two feet had not been combined with well picked-up pas de bourrée piqués and relevés retirés as well as extremely accurate , quick ports de bras with straighter and more angled than rounded arms , they would have seemed out of place .
however if this way of jumping from two feet to two feet had not been combined with well picked-up pas de bourrée piqués and relevés retirés as well as extremely [correct/right] , quick ports de bras with straighter and more angled than rounded arms , they would have seemed out of place .

There is little to distinguish between the Italian character dance and its demi - caractère form save only that heeled shoes are worn and thus from time to time take on a slightly Spanish flavour , the only difference perhaps being the more fluid way of phrasing and less rigidly accurate timing of the steps .
there is little to distinguish between the italian character dance and its demi - caractère form save only that heeled shoes are worn and thus from time to time take on a slightly spanish flavour , the only difference perhaps being the more fluid way of phrasing and less rigidly [correct/right] timing of the steps .

Thomson 's judgements about music were not always as accurate as his confident expression implied : he invited discussion .
thomson 's judgements about music were not always as [correct/right] as his confident expression implied : he invited discussion .

For , make no mistake , Mason landed a stream of his Sunday-best shots — round-arm right swings , full-blooded left hooks , and accurate short rights — to Wills 's chin during the 10 hard-fought rounds .
for , make no mistake , mason landed a stream of his sunday-best shots — round-arm right swings , full-blooded left hooks , and [correct/right] short rights — to wills 's chin during the 10 hard-fought rounds .

These invitations provide schools with an opportunity to spell out clearly to parents the values that they hold dearly and provide an accurate picture of their schools as centres of learning and excellence .
these invitations provide schools with an opportunity to spell out clearly to parents the values that they hold dearly and provide an [correct/right] picture of their schools as centres of learning and excellence .

Accurate and detailed accounts need to be kept and these should be open for inspection at any time by governors and members of the organising committee with a financial statement presented at an annual meeting .
[correct/right] and detailed accounts need to be kept and these should be open for inspection at any time by governors and members of the organising committee with a financial statement presented at an annual meeting .

One successful type of sponsorship that not only creates a more accurate impression of modern teaching methods but also gives parents something back in the way of entertainment is the sponsored Krypton Factor type event .
one successful type of sponsorship that not only creates a more [correct/right] impression of modern teaching methods but also gives parents something back in the way of entertainment is the sponsored krypton factor type event .

Because the calculations have as big an error as the experiments , there is little point in doing more accurate experiments .
because the calculations have as big an error as the experiments , there is little point in doing more [correct/right] experiments .

Sadly , however , subsidence of the building means that the sundial is no longer accurate .
sadly , however , subsidence of the building means that the sundial is no longer [correct/right] .

In the four books which Ransome set in East Anglia , the geographical details are so specific that the books can be used as accurate guides to the appropriate parts of Norfolk , Suffolk and Essex .
in the four books which ransome set in east anglia , the geographical details are so specific that the books can be used as [correct/right] guides to the appropriate parts of norfolk , suffolk and essex .

Overall , the dilemma between the accurate depiction of mental handicap and ‘ good television ’ will remain .
overall , the dilemma between the [correct/right] depiction of mental handicap and ‘ good television ’ will remain .

‘ In other words , it became technically possible for me , some three years ago , to make certain accurate predictions about a human individual by studying the structure of a newly fertilized female reproductive cell , in conjunction with detailed investigation of the adults who produced the ovum and the spermatozoon that fertilized it . ’
‘ in other words , it became technically possible for me , some three years ago , to make certain [correct/right] predictions about a human individual by studying the structure of a newly fertilized female reproductive cell , in conjunction with detailed investigation of the adults who produced the ovum and the spermatozoon that fertilized it . ’

‘ Clearly , we need a little more detail , Dr. Briant , if we are fully to understand . Could you tell us more about these extrapolations — or predictions — you were able to make from your study of the newly fertilized egg cell ? And then can you give us an account of how far they have proved accurate ? And a brief account of the investigations you have made since the child 's birth ? ’
‘ clearly , we need a little more detail , dr. briant , if we are fully to understand . could you tell us more about these extrapolations — or predictions — you were able to make from your study of the newly fertilized egg cell ? and then can you give us an account of how far they have proved [correct/right] ? and a brief account of the investigations you have made since the child 's birth ? ’

If the remedy is homœopathically accurate then it becomes increasingly beneficial as its dose approaches the ideal degree of smallness for gentle action . §277
if the remedy is homœopathically [correct/right] then it becomes increasingly beneficial as its dose approaches the ideal degree of smallness for gentle action . §277

Items stated as fact should be accurate , and often the benefit of access is that their accuracy can be checked .
items stated as fact should be [correct/right] , and often the benefit of access is that their accuracy can be checked .

The result was that his serious physical illness was assumed to be a form of ‘ school phobia ’ and his parents were threatened with a court order if he did not return to school Access to the file , including the head 's letter , would have enabled correction of the factual errors at least and perhaps an accurate diagnosis of his illness to be made .
the result was that his serious physical illness was assumed to be a form of ‘ school phobia ’ and his parents were threatened with a court order if he did not return to school access to the file , including the head 's letter , would have enabled correction of the factual errors at least and perhaps an [correct/right] diagnosis of his illness to be made .

Maladministration is particularly concerned with procedural matters ( as well as such obvious things as malice and discrimination ) so the maintenance of accurate records is particularly important in countering any such allegation .
maladministration is particularly concerned with procedural matters ( as well as such obvious things as malice and discrimination ) so the maintenance of [correct/right] records is particularly important in countering any such allegation .

In the light of Leapor 's harrowing narratives of heterosexual attachment gone awry , as in ‘ The Temple of Love , ’ and family feeling deformed by familial conflict , as in The Unhappy Father and The Cruel Parent , it is possible to read into this last wish a peculiar kind of vindication . If we are to take this speech as accurate reportage within the conventions of deathbed narratives , is there not something a little remarkable in Leapor 's assuring her friend and patron that she has always loved her father , though never so much as now , when she is dying ? And the work that he had tried to prevent will now , ironically , endow his old age , even afford him a comfortable subsistence : this work which was viewed as such unprofitable employment
in the light of leapor 's harrowing narratives of heterosexual attachment gone awry , as in ‘ the temple of love , ’ and family feeling deformed by familial conflict , as in the unhappy father and the cruel parent , it is possible to read into this last wish a peculiar kind of vindication . if we are to take this speech as [correct/right] reportage within the conventions of deathbed narratives , is there not something a little remarkable in leapor 's assuring her friend and patron that she has always loved her father , though never so much as now , when she is dying ? and the work that he had tried to prevent will now , ironically , endow his old age , even afford him a comfortable subsistence : this work which was viewed as such unprofitable employment

It will be argued that Leapor 's work contributes to a fairly broad movement among labouring class poets to provide an accurate account of work and social conditions in their time .
it will be argued that leapor 's work contributes to a fairly broad movement among labouring class poets to provide an [correct/right] account of work and social conditions in their time .

‘ We learnt that it is hard to build models to scale from a drawing as they are not very accurate in size .
‘ we learnt that it is hard to build models to scale from a drawing as they are not very [correct/right] in size .

‘ In our enterprise would be more accurate .
‘ in our enterprise would be more [correct/right] .

The official statistics , therefore , can only be used as indicators , rather than accurate statements , but they do offer some guides to the occupational picture .
the official statistics , therefore , can only be used as indicators , rather than [correct/right] statements , but they do offer some guides to the occupational picture .

’ The quotations were accurate but one sensed within Aumann 's text an underlying idea : not just that Palestine was empty of people — which it assuredly was not — but that perhaps those people who did live there somehow did not deserve to do so ; that they were too slovenly to use modern irrigation methods or to plant trees or to build brick houses .
’ the quotations were [correct/right] but one sensed within aumann 's text an underlying idea : not just that palestine was empty of people — which it assuredly was not — but that perhaps those people who did live there somehow did not deserve to do so ; that they were too slovenly to use modern irrigation methods or to plant trees or to build brick houses .

While he provided a remarkably accurate description of the development of the chick , he remained convinced , against his own evidence , that the embryo was present before the egg was laid .
while he provided a remarkably [correct/right] description of the development of the chick , he remained convinced , against his own evidence , that the embryo was present before the egg was laid .

to recall and use historical knowledge accurately and relevantly in support of a logical and evaluative argument ; to distinguish between the cause and the occasion of an event ; to show that change in history is not necessarily linear or progressive ; to compare and contrast people , events , issues and institutions ; to demonstrate understanding of such concepts by deploying accurate though limited evidence .
to recall and use historical knowledge accurately and relevantly in support of a logical and evaluative argument ; to distinguish between the cause and the occasion of an event ; to show that change in history is not necessarily linear or progressive ; to compare and contrast people , events , issues and institutions ; to demonstrate understanding of such concepts by deploying [correct/right] though limited evidence .

to recall and display a limited amount of accurate and relevant historical knowledge ; to show a basic understanding of the historical concepts of cause and consequence , continuity and change , sufficiently supported by obvious examples ; to identify and list differences and similarities .
to recall and display a limited amount of [correct/right] and relevant historical knowledge ; to show a basic understanding of the historical concepts of cause and consequence , continuity and change , sufficiently supported by obvious examples ; to identify and list differences and similarities .

Most of the other mourners were listening to this with the same rapt attention they might have accorded a vaguely accurate account of Donald 's life .
most of the other mourners were listening to this with the same rapt attention they might have accorded a vaguely [correct/right] account of donald 's life .

By one of the ironies of history , it was the death of this great man that led to our having an extraordinarily vivid , accurate eye-witness account of the events of 1,900 years ago .
by one of the ironies of history , it was the death of this great man that led to our having an extraordinarily vivid , [correct/right] eye-witness account of the events of 1,900 years ago .

Part of the difficulty in compiling these accounts was that there were so few survivors from the coastal towns in the Sunda Straits which were most directly affected , and those who had survived were often too distraught and confused to give an accurate description of what they had experienced .
part of the difficulty in compiling these accounts was that there were so few survivors from the coastal towns in the sunda straits which were most directly affected , and those who had survived were often too distraught and confused to give an [correct/right] description of what they had experienced .

But this is probably better than some of the attempts that have been made deliberately to exploit the natural human interest in such a tragic event with supposedly factual accounts of the eruption , in which accurate reportage takes second place to lurid , entirely hypothetical detail .
but this is probably better than some of the attempts that have been made deliberately to exploit the natural human interest in such a tragic event with supposedly factual accounts of the eruption , in which [correct/right] reportage takes second place to lurid , entirely hypothetical detail .

We shall never know exactly the sequence of events in St Pierre on that morning , but we can build up a fairly accurate picture from the physical evidence of the ruins , and the reports of eyewitnesses .
we shall never know exactly the sequence of events in st pierre on that morning , but we can build up a fairly [correct/right] picture from the physical evidence of the ruins , and the reports of eyewitnesses .

‘ Inghilterra , ’ Sandison said , and then , as this was not strictly accurate , he added : ‘ Gran Bretagna .
‘ inghilterra , ’ sandison said , and then , as this was not strictly [correct/right] , he added : ‘ gran bretagna .

It need not be accurate so long as it shows the disposition of the rooms — — information which will be of great value later .
it need not be [correct/right] so long as it shows the disposition of the rooms — — information which will be of great value later .

Do n't worry if it is n't accurate .
do n't worry if it is n't [correct/right] .

Designed for the latitude of a particular place , its most important use was to determine the precise time of day or night from an observation of the altitude of the sun or one of the stars mapped on the rete , but of course by modern standards the result was not very accurate .
designed for the latitude of a particular place , its most important use was to determine the precise time of day or night from an observation of the altitude of the sun or one of the stars mapped on the rete , but of course by modern standards the result was not very [correct/right] .

Although a minor error in the recitation of the Vedas was looked upon with strong disapproval , passing events were regarded by the Hindus as devoid of real significance and so it is not surprising that no importance was attached to providing them with accurate dates .
although a minor error in the recitation of the vedas was looked upon with strong disapproval , passing events were regarded by the hindus as devoid of real significance and so it is not surprising that no importance was attached to providing them with [correct/right] dates .

This Chinese water-wheel clock was not only quite different from , but was a good deal more accurate than , the first European mechanical clocks and in this respect may not have been surpassed until after the introduction of the pendulum clock in the seventeenth century .
this chinese water-wheel clock was not only quite different from , but was a good deal more [correct/right] than , the first european mechanical clocks and in this respect may not have been surpassed until after the introduction of the pendulum clock in the seventeenth century .

Whereas church bells announced the times of the various religious offices , the communal clock was a secular instrument that struck the hours , and by the end of the fourteenth century some were made that struck the quarters , although this did not mean that they were any more accurate .
whereas church bells announced the times of the various religious offices , the communal clock was a secular instrument that struck the hours , and by the end of the fourteenth century some were made that struck the quarters , although this did not mean that they were any more [correct/right] .

The dramatic decline was caused by accurate , high-class fast bowling by two bowlers with more than 300 Test wickets between them , Courtney Walsh and Curtly Ambrose , a pitch increasingly inclined to produce what Barbadians graphically term groundeaters , and timid batting .
the dramatic decline was caused by [correct/right] , high-class fast bowling by two bowlers with more than 300 test wickets between them , courtney walsh and curtly ambrose , a pitch increasingly inclined to produce what barbadians graphically term groundeaters , and timid batting .

It would be more accurate to say that although we do not have a right to such things we do have freedom to do them .
it would be more [correct/right] to say that although we do not have a right to such things we do have freedom to do them .

There is now a considerable market value attaching to an accurate up-to-date and selective address list , and some of the largest collections of data in the private sector , running to thirty million entries or more in some cases , are amassed in this way .
there is now a considerable market value attaching to an [correct/right] up-to-date and selective address list , and some of the largest collections of data in the private sector , running to thirty million entries or more in some cases , are amassed in this way .

It ties in with the fifth principle that ‘ personal data shall be accurate and , where necessary , kept up-to-date ’ — a formidable requirement , if taken literally , in view of the frequency with which personal details ( address , etc . )
it ties in with the fifth principle that ‘ personal data shall be [correct/right] and , where necessary , kept up-to-date ’ — a formidable requirement , if taken literally , in view of the frequency with which personal details ( address , etc . )

introduce an accurate energy labelling system on appliances
introduce an [correct/right] energy labelling system on appliances

What about other machines using petrol fuel ? Most motorbikes and petrol-driven machines should be able to run on unleaded fuel , but it is advisable to consult the manufacturer or dealer for accurate advice on the individual product .
what about other machines using petrol fuel ? most motorbikes and petrol-driven machines should be able to run on unleaded fuel , but it is advisable to consult the manufacturer or dealer for [correct/right] advice on the individual product .

At the end of your interview the interviewer should have given you a fairly accurate idea of the date by which a decision should be made .
at the end of your interview the interviewer should have given you a fairly [correct/right] idea of the date by which a decision should be made .

Once you have an exact description of the job then you can move on to an accurate description of the ideal candidate to do it .
once you have an exact description of the job then you can move on to an [correct/right] description of the ideal candidate to do it .

Make advertisements accurate and informative
make advertisements [correct/right] and informative

Advertising should be based on the accurate job description you have already drawn up , so that the right sort of people will recognize themselves .
advertising should be based on the [correct/right] job description you have already drawn up , so that the right sort of people will recognize themselves .

This will be a far easier task if the initial advertisement/job description has been accurate enough to attract people with the right qualifications and experience .
this will be a far easier task if the initial advertisement/job description has been [correct/right] enough to attract people with the right qualifications and experience .

It is also up to you to allot time for the interviews so that you can send candidates accurate appointments .
it is also up to you to allot time for the interviews so that you can send candidates [correct/right] appointments .

It is an important part of your role as an interviewer to help the candidate relax enough to show himself or herself in as accurate and good a light as possible .
it is an important part of your role as an interviewer to help the candidate relax enough to show himself or herself in as [correct/right] and good a light as possible .

This results in unnecessarily poor interview performances in which the interviewers will not get an accurate picture of the candidates and their abilities .
this results in unnecessarily poor interview performances in which the interviewers will not get an [correct/right] picture of the candidates and their abilities .

It is very difficult for candidates to cope with all these nuances and to give an accurate picture of themselves .
it is very difficult for candidates to cope with all these nuances and to give an [correct/right] picture of themselves .

Mammography is less accurate at detecting cancers in younger women .
mammography is less [correct/right] at detecting cancers in younger women .

The theoretical project attempts to represent an accurate abstraction of the empirical diversity of the social world , in this case , the urban world .
the theoretical project attempts to represent an [correct/right] abstraction of the empirical diversity of the social world , in this case , the urban world .

The Highlanders were said to live on a diet of children , while the prince 's quartermaster put in a well-timed but no doubt inflated demand for the town to provide billets for 13,000 foot and , a more accurate figure , 300 horse .
the highlanders were said to live on a diet of children , while the prince 's quartermaster put in a well-timed but no doubt inflated demand for the town to provide billets for 13,000 foot and , a more [correct/right] figure , 300 horse .

Relating the number of customers of , say , a bank or building society branch to the size of the population in a media or postal area will give a much more accurate measure of the effectiveness of local promotion if the new census figures are used , rather than the latest population estimates .
relating the number of customers of , say , a bank or building society branch to the size of the population in a media or postal area will give a much more [correct/right] measure of the effectiveness of local promotion if the new census figures are used , rather than the latest population estimates .

This is not to say that it was wholly accurate .
this is not to say that it was wholly [correct/right] .

In practice , firms do not normally possess accurate information about the demand curves for their product .
in practice , firms do not normally possess [correct/right] information about the demand curves for their product .

Similarly , accurate estimates of the marginal costs of production are often very difficult to obtain .
similarly , [correct/right] estimates of the marginal costs of production are often very difficult to obtain .

It should be remembered , however , that to describe squares , for example , as thick or thin is not mathematically accurate and if possible , young children should not be confused in this way .
it should be remembered , however , that to describe squares , for example , as thick or thin is not mathematically [correct/right] and if possible , young children should not be confused in this way .

Evaluation may be somewhat subjective and less than mathematically accurate , but it must be attempted if the desired cycle of planning , implementation appraisal and replanning is to achieve its object of providing even better and more relevant training within the library .
evaluation may be somewhat subjective and less than mathematically [correct/right] , but it must be attempted if the desired cycle of planning , implementation appraisal and replanning is to achieve its object of providing even better and more relevant training within the library .

An Accurate Self-appraisal
an [correct/right] self-appraisal

Before you accept these lists as being accurate , ask your partner to go over them with you .
before you accept these lists as being [correct/right] , ask your partner to go over them with you .

Although it was convenient for the government to appear to be quite separate from Haketa , the relationship was so close that in practice it would be accurate to describe the organisation as an officially sanctioned and sponsored ‘ tame ’ pressure group .
although it was convenient for the government to appear to be quite separate from haketa , the relationship was so close that in practice it would be [correct/right] to describe the organisation as an officially sanctioned and sponsored ‘ tame ’ pressure group .

Locator systems are very accurate indeed over a range of 6 to 7 feet ( 2 metres ) .
locator systems are very [correct/right] indeed over a range of 6 to 7 feet ( 2 metres ) .

Not only does a Jack Russell give a good indication of the whereabouts of ferrets and rabbits underground but it saves time , giving an accurate indication of where to begin sweeping the ground with a locator .
not only does a jack russell give a good indication of the whereabouts of ferrets and rabbits underground but it saves time , giving an [correct/right] indication of where to begin sweeping the ground with a locator .

In fact , a healthy skin is a reflection of good health in general ; the skin is an accurate barometer of emotional and physical harmony and indeed , disharmony .
in fact , a healthy skin is a reflection of good health in general ; the skin is an [correct/right] barometer of emotional and physical harmony and indeed , disharmony .

It is important , however , that we keep accurate records , though it is not so important we make rigid rules that can preclude the recording of a well-authenticated fish simply because a rule was not strictly adhered to .
it is important , however , that we keep [correct/right] records , though it is not so important we make rigid rules that can preclude the recording of a well-authenticated fish simply because a rule was not strictly adhered to .

Again , throwing by hand , throwing stick or catapult , is only as accurate as our individual capabilities and means that we not only have to throw accurately , but also cast accurately — and we must do this in both instances every time we retrieve for another cast .
again , throwing by hand , throwing stick or catapult , is only as [correct/right] as our individual capabilities and means that we not only have to throw accurately , but also cast accurately — and we must do this in both instances every time we retrieve for another cast .

The strike , however , can very rarely be timed to such an accurate degree .
the strike , however , can very rarely be timed to such an [correct/right] degree .

Take particular note of every spot you see a bream roll , and after a few visits you will be able to form an accurate picture of where , how long , and what pattern the route forms .
take particular note of every spot you see a bream roll , and after a few visits you will be able to form an [correct/right] picture of where , how long , and what pattern the route forms .

You can place a marker at the edge of the swim which , at forty yards or more range , is a tremendous aid to accurate casting and ensures that groundbait always goes in the same spot .
you can place a marker at the edge of the swim which , at forty yards or more range , is a tremendous aid to [correct/right] casting and ensures that groundbait always goes in the same spot .

Each has its disadvantages and advantages , but each incorporates a running swivel on the main line which , when fished in waters subject to algae particles , can foul up and obstruct sensitive bite detection , and neither makes for accurate , long-distance casting .
each has its disadvantages and advantages , but each incorporates a running swivel on the main line which , when fished in waters subject to algae particles , can foul up and obstruct sensitive bite detection , and neither makes for [correct/right] , long-distance casting .

In the effort to distribute accurate information , keeping journalists and politicians well informed is absolutely crucial .
in the effort to distribute [correct/right] information , keeping journalists and politicians well informed is absolutely crucial .

Hammer caused problems with several accurate Barry Eames free-kicks , but again the ‘ Mill defence was well organised .
hammer caused problems with several [correct/right] barry eames free-kicks , but again the ‘ mill defence was well organised .

But is that impression accurate ?
but is that impression [correct/right] ?

Chapman 's prediction that it would be five years before Arsenal won a major honour was not only , with hindsight , amazingly accurate ; it was also meant to be realistic .
chapman 's prediction that it would be five years before arsenal won a major honour was not only , with hindsight , amazingly [correct/right] ; it was also meant to be realistic .

From Blackburn Rovers he signed outside-right Joe Hulme , said to be the fastest footballer in the game and famed for his accurate centres while running .
from blackburn rovers he signed outside-right joe hulme , said to be the fastest footballer in the game and famed for his [correct/right] centres while running .

Chapman 's accurate assessment of Male 's qualities was shown too when he switched him from wing-half to full-back .
chapman 's [correct/right] assessment of male 's qualities was shown too when he switched him from wing-half to full-back .

’ The message seems to be that librarians must determine the most accurate methods for studying use in their own libraries , and carry out their own research .
’ the message seems to be that librarians must determine the most [correct/right] methods for studying use in their own libraries , and carry out their own research .

Direct observation seems to be a method that is under-used — surprisingly , since it provides accurate information , especially in a small library or for studying one compact section of a library such as the periodicals collection ( for which purpose , Wenger and Childress carried out their research library study ) .
direct observation seems to be a method that is under-used — surprisingly , since it provides [correct/right] information , especially in a small library or for studying one compact section of a library such as the periodicals collection ( for which purpose , wenger and childress carried out their research library study ) .

Kantor 's method for identifying causes of unavailability is generally recognized to be the most accurate , and has been refined to demonstrate linear relationships between various non-availability categories .
kantor 's method for identifying causes of unavailability is generally recognized to be the most [correct/right] , and has been refined to demonstrate linear relationships between various non-availability categories .

The librarian continues to base selection and stock revision programmes on catalogue records which are no longer accurate , and wastes a good deal of time searching for books which are no longer in circulation .
the librarian continues to base selection and stock revision programmes on catalogue records which are no longer [correct/right] , and wastes a good deal of time searching for books which are no longer in circulation .

Other writers feel that the imprint date of items in the collection is just as accurate a predictor , and easier to apply .
other writers feel that the imprint date of items in the collection is just as [correct/right] a predictor , and easier to apply .

It can not , however , be claimed with any certainty that it is a more accurate method .
it can not , however , be claimed with any certainty that it is a more [correct/right] method .

If it were possible to draw up reasonably accurate guidelines showing the rate of decline in use for each subject this would clearly serve as valuable background information for the librarian attempting to make discard or relegation decisions on individual volumes within those subject areas .
if it were possible to draw up reasonably [correct/right] guidelines showing the rate of decline in use for each subject this would clearly serve as valuable background information for the librarian attempting to make discard or relegation decisions on individual volumes within those subject areas .

Efficiency is also sought in accurate invoicing and supply , regular deliveries and good reporting on outstanding orders .
efficiency is also sought in [correct/right] invoicing and supply , regular deliveries and good reporting on outstanding orders .

This mechanism serves equally as an informal check on the interpretation and use of the information system to ensure accurate advice giving .
this mechanism serves equally as an informal check on the interpretation and use of the information system to ensure [correct/right] advice giving .

That has made a huge difference , and in terms of the response to the issues among so-called ‘ decision-makers ’ it is this increasing ability on the part of the environmental organisations to marshal good accurate evidence behind them that has begun to tilt the balance of opinion in their favour .
that has made a huge difference , and in terms of the response to the issues among so-called ‘ decision-makers ’ it is this increasing ability on the part of the environmental organisations to marshal good [correct/right] evidence behind them that has begun to tilt the balance of opinion in their favour .

But , if a reference is given , it ought to be accurate .
but , if a reference is given , it ought to be [correct/right] .

The producer must provide a description , checking that it is accurate ( no identifiable solvent residues ) , prepare a transfer note , ensure that the skip is secure , check that the waste transfer site is appropriately licensed to accept all the wastes in the skip , transfer the waste to the site suitably contained ( in this case by sheeting over the skip ) — and finally retain the transfer document for two years .
the producer must provide a description , checking that it is [correct/right] ( no identifiable solvent residues ) , prepare a transfer note , ensure that the skip is secure , check that the waste transfer site is appropriately licensed to accept all the wastes in the skip , transfer the waste to the site suitably contained ( in this case by sheeting over the skip ) — and finally retain the transfer document for two years .

Since the 1950s the growth in power of computers has helped scientists like Pople give accurate pictures and make telling predictions about how simple molecules and their atoms stay together .
since the 1950s the growth in power of computers has helped scientists like pople give [correct/right] pictures and make telling predictions about how simple molecules and their atoms stay together .

Initially a meter was thought to be desirable for accurate monitoring , but now there are available test strips which do not require a meter and are sufficiently accurate for the purpose if correctly used ( Ferguson & Prosser , 1980 ) .
initially a meter was thought to be desirable for [correct/right] monitoring , but now there are available test strips which do not require a meter and are sufficiently [correct/right] for the purpose if correctly used ( ferguson & prosser , 1980 ) .

In systems terms , there would also need to be mechanisms for taking control or corrective action based on defined measures of performance , related in this case to the effectiveness of education provision ( ie ensuring that the curriculum delivered meets the defined education requirements ) , and to the accurate provision of resources .
in systems terms , there would also need to be mechanisms for taking control or corrective action based on defined measures of performance , related in this case to the effectiveness of education provision ( ie ensuring that the curriculum delivered meets the defined education requirements ) , and to the [correct/right] provision of resources .

It was realised , of course , that this ideal could never be achieved or sustained in practice , as precise information on resource needs is not easy to obtain , therefore accurate costs can not be calculated .
it was realised , of course , that this ideal could never be achieved or sustained in practice , as precise information on resource needs is not easy to obtain , therefore [correct/right] costs can not be calculated .

There are certain obvious differences between the first two models , the most significant being the basis of their construction , ie the first is demand driven , relies on an accurate assessment of costs , and is not concerned with financial constraints ; the second is constrained at the outset by the finance that is available , restricting resource levels regardless of the actual needs of Colleges .
there are certain obvious differences between the first two models , the most significant being the basis of their construction , ie the first is demand driven , relies on an [correct/right] assessment of costs , and is not concerned with financial constraints ; the second is constrained at the outset by the finance that is available , restricting resource levels regardless of the actual needs of colleges .

The second , and potentially more successful development , would be for Colleges to recognise the need for accurate information about costs , so that shortfalls in finance could be identified and addressed .
the second , and potentially more successful development , would be for colleges to recognise the need for [correct/right] information about costs , so that shortfalls in finance could be identified and addressed .

At a later stage , if errors are found in the procedure 's performance which can not be traced to a falling within the local system , it may be necessary to examine these influencing factors further , for instance the design of the form might be inadequate for the accurate recording of information , a factor outside the direct control of the section involved .
at a later stage , if errors are found in the procedure 's performance which can not be traced to a falling within the local system , it may be necessary to examine these influencing factors further , for instance the design of the form might be inadequate for the [correct/right] recording of information , a factor outside the direct control of the section involved .

As a result , a greater commitment to accurate recording was made by all the staff concerned , generally improving the effectiveness of the procedure overall .
as a result , a greater commitment to [correct/right] recording was made by all the staff concerned , generally improving the effectiveness of the procedure overall .

Information storage : there was a need to store a large volume of accurate and up-to-date information , which had to be readily accessible .
information storage : there was a need to store a large volume of [correct/right] and up-to-date information , which had to be readily accessible .

‘ … to collect appropriate information , as defined by the activities of the Highways and Planning departments , to maintain that information cohesively , such that it is consistent , accurate , up-to-date , complete and easy to manage , and to provide access to that information within the time constraints of the users , … ''
‘ … to collect appropriate information , as defined by the activities of the highways and planning departments , to maintain that information cohesively , such that it is consistent , [correct/right] , up-to-date , complete and easy to manage , and to provide access to that information within the time constraints of the users , … ''

To improve the information available to local managers , enabling them in turn to make their budgeting and monitoring more accurate , sensitive and timely .
to improve the information available to local managers , enabling them in turn to make their budgeting and monitoring more [correct/right] , sensitive and timely .

Yet if it is to this which the Epitome means to refer , it has suppressed too many qualifications to present an accurate view .
yet if it is to this which the epitome means to refer , it has suppressed too many qualifications to present an [correct/right] view .

If his estimate of time was accurate , it would have been rather more than an hour since it had stopped .
if his estimate of time was [correct/right] , it would have been rather more than an hour since it had stopped .

In another area he did actually get a market research firm 's fieldworkers to go round all the houses asking for young men and women in the age group , and while this appeared to give a reasonably accurate sample frame it was also very expensive .
in another area he did actually get a market research firm 's fieldworkers to go round all the houses asking for young men and women in the age group , and while this appeared to give a reasonably [correct/right] sample frame it was also very expensive .

He has been so accurate , some claim , that they have dubbed him the ‘ historian of the future ’ .
he has been so [correct/right] , some claim , that they have dubbed him the ‘ historian of the future ’ .

This is especially true when the information given by the patient turns out to be astonishingly accurate , as on numerous occasions .
this is especially true when the information given by the patient turns out to be astonishingly [correct/right] , as on numerous occasions .

But quite a few proved remarkably accurate .
but quite a few proved remarkably [correct/right] .

Computerisation makes stock control easy and accurate .
computerisation makes stock control easy and [correct/right] .

If a customer returns an item which previously had a computerised tag , what problems might this create for accurate stock control ? Can you think of a way the retailer could get over this ?
if a customer returns an item which previously had a computerised tag , what problems might this create for [correct/right] stock control ? can you think of a way the retailer could get over this ?

… becomes easy and accurate when computerisation is used .
… becomes easy and [correct/right] when computerisation is used .

Whatever the method , it is vital to keep accurate , up-to-date figures so that the retailer can maintain the ideal stock level .
whatever the method , it is vital to keep [correct/right] , up-to-date figures so that the retailer can maintain the ideal stock level .

Because predators always eat selectively , accumulations of their prey reflect the predators ' tastes rather than being a potentially accurate reflection of the living fauna from which they were derived .
because predators always eat selectively , accumulations of their prey reflect the predators ' tastes rather than being a potentially [correct/right] reflection of the living fauna from which they were derived .

In this type of construction there was one essential factor on which everything was dependent and that was the designing and accurate manufacture of the jigs , used for positioning the various parts to be welded , and the drilling of the various members .
in this type of construction there was one essential factor on which everything was dependent and that was the designing and [correct/right] manufacture of the jigs , used for positioning the various parts to be welded , and the drilling of the various members .

On these , clean and accurate work was done by means of simple but effective jigs .
on these , clean and [correct/right] work was done by means of simple but effective jigs .

Dunn , in fact , made his debut in an excellent 3–0 win at Brighton on 9 September , where his fearless display and accurate clearances were a feature of the game .
dunn , in fact , made his debut in an excellent 3–0 win at brighton on 9 september , where his fearless display and [correct/right] clearances were a feature of the game .

George 's forte was tricky and clever wing play , whereby he consistently gained sufficient , room to put across a steady stream of accurate and testing crosses , from which other forwards regularly benefited .
george 's forte was tricky and clever wing play , whereby he consistently gained sufficient , room to put across a steady stream of [correct/right] and testing crosses , from which other forwards regularly benefited .

With his shorts flapping around his knees and his wispy , thinning hair he was almost a caricature of a footballer , but Wally could mesmerise his opposing full-back or swerve past him at a deceptive pace , before putting across an accurate , teasing centre .
with his shorts flapping around his knees and his wispy , thinning hair he was almost a caricature of a footballer , but wally could mesmerise his opposing full-back or swerve past him at a deceptive pace , before putting across an [correct/right] , teasing centre .

Indeed , it was in that elite Division that David 's tireless workrate , intelligent and selfless running and accurate distribution proved him to be a footballer of high calibre .
indeed , it was in that elite division that david 's tireless workrate , intelligent and selfless running and [correct/right] distribution proved him to be a footballer of high calibre .

During that sequence Vic made full appearances throughout our promotion season of 1960–61 , thus helping us to progress for the first time in forty years , while a feature of his game in that successful season was the accurate and powerful throw he developed , by which he frequently set up a fast Palace counter-attack .
during that sequence vic made full appearances throughout our promotion season of 1960–61 , thus helping us to progress for the first time in forty years , while a feature of his game in that successful season was the [correct/right] and powerful throw he developed , by which he frequently set up a fast palace counter-attack .

Speedy , and with neat control , his shooting was accurate and his use of dead-ball situations intelligent and effective .
speedy , and with neat control , his shooting was [correct/right] and his use of dead-ball situations intelligent and effective .

It is remarkable that the language of Briggs ' book , a sad commentary on the preoccupation up to now with examinations in England and Wales , should be so accurate in its awful warning of the new system .
it is remarkable that the language of briggs ' book , a sad commentary on the preoccupation up to now with examinations in england and wales , should be so [correct/right] in its awful warning of the new system .

He said the fair copies were bona fide and accurate . )
he said the fair copies were bona fide and [correct/right] . )

On 7 January 1785 the society set out its principal objectives : to promote the good of the community by encouragement of industry and ingenuity ; to excite a spirit of enquiry which may lead to improvements not yet known ; and to fix knowledge and art upon the certain test of accurate experiment .
on 7 january 1785 the society set out its principal objectives : to promote the good of the community by encouragement of industry and ingenuity ; to excite a spirit of enquiry which may lead to improvements not yet known ; and to fix knowledge and art upon the certain test of [correct/right] experiment .

It can not only focus a desire for action , but is also satisfyingly accurate in its local ‘ fine-tuning ’ .
it can not only focus a desire for action , but is also satisfyingly [correct/right] in its local ‘ fine-tuning ’ .

However , for accurate results , it is important to achieve the right balance between focusing and reasoning .
however , for [correct/right] results , it is important to achieve the right balance between focusing and reasoning .

It is important to observe behaviour as accurately as possible because the more accurate the observation the more this helps you to place a valid interpretation on what you have seen or heard .
it is important to observe behaviour as accurately as possible because the more [correct/right] the observation the more this helps you to place a valid interpretation on what you have seen or heard .

Even accurate observation will not guarantee that you will reach the right conclusion but it certainly makes it much more likely .
even [correct/right] observation will not guarantee that you will reach the right conclusion but it certainly makes it much more likely .

On the telephone it is more difficult to communicate accurate information and avoid misunderstandings .
on the telephone it is more difficult to communicate [correct/right] information and avoid misunderstandings .

They can help the experts to focus on the more difficult aspects of their specialities and non experts to be more productive and take more accurate decisions .
they can help the experts to focus on the more difficult aspects of their specialities and non experts to be more productive and take more [correct/right] decisions .

The neolithic builders were highly accurate , curving the stone lintels to follow the circumference of a circle and aligning the stones with the exact positions of the midwinter and midsummer sun .
the neolithic builders were highly [correct/right] , curving the stone lintels to follow the circumference of a circle and aligning the stones with the exact positions of the midwinter and midsummer sun .

They offer free professional advice on jewellery repairs , all of which are undertaken by highly skilled goldsmiths , and as Registered Valuers , approved by the National Association of Goldsmiths they offer detailed , accurate valuations , and advice on the purchase of jewellery .
they offer free professional advice on jewellery repairs , all of which are undertaken by highly skilled goldsmiths , and as registered valuers , approved by the national association of goldsmiths they offer detailed , [correct/right] valuations , and advice on the purchase of jewellery .

With this it can supply the computer with power of accurate mains frequency and voltage for several minutes as the wheel slows down .
with this it can supply the computer with power of [correct/right] mains frequency and voltage for several minutes as the wheel slows down .

Such inconsistencies make it clear that the age-regressed person is not actually functioning at the suggested age level , nor is his recollection truly accurate .
such inconsistencies make it clear that the age-regressed person is not actually functioning at the suggested age level , nor is his recollection truly [correct/right] .

Another was the lack of an accurate theory to help them estimate those conditions .
another was the lack of an [correct/right] theory to help them estimate those conditions .

Working out the nucleotide sequence of viral genetic material and making oligonucleotides of specific sequences is steadily becoming easier , more efficient and more accurate .
working out the nucleotide sequence of viral genetic material and making oligonucleotides of specific sequences is steadily becoming easier , more efficient and more [correct/right] .

Predictions of the location of the epicentre are accurate to within 50–80 km , and strength on the Richter scale has also been predicted successfully .
predictions of the location of the epicentre are [correct/right] to within 50–80 km , and strength on the richter scale has also been predicted successfully .

The planning and arrangements for handling any emergency depend upon an accurate and rapid evaluation of any accident and its progression , and hence on sufficient accurate radiation monitoring on and off site , the speedy collection and analysis of data , and good communications , together with arrangements for the assembly and accurate briefing of representatives of the media .
the planning and arrangements for handling any emergency depend upon an [correct/right] and rapid evaluation of any accident and its progression , and hence on sufficient [correct/right] radiation monitoring on and off site , the speedy collection and analysis of data , and good communications , together with arrangements for the assembly and [correct/right] briefing of representatives of the media .

which is about the future and about as accurate as any forecasting of the future turns out to be , a robot agitator is formed in the shape of a young woman .
which is about the future and about as [correct/right] as any forecasting of the future turns out to be , a robot agitator is formed in the shape of a young woman .

And its accurate mounting and sophisticated computer-control allow astronomers to scan the infrared detector along a source with such precision that it can build up a detailed infrared picture , line by line .
and its [correct/right] mounting and sophisticated computer-control allow astronomers to scan the infrared detector along a source with such precision that it can build up a detailed infrared picture , line by line .

Experiments using lasers give very accurate results ; they are also extremely sensitive , so only a small number of atoms are required .
experiments using lasers give very [correct/right] results ; they are also extremely sensitive , so only a small number of atoms are required .

Such a model facilitates accurate predictions of the average change in charge radii for nuclei .
such a model facilitates [correct/right] predictions of the average change in charge radii for nuclei .

Once launched the missiles are accurate enough to land a warhead with 10 times the power of the Hiroshima bomb on a tennis court 2500 kilometres away
once launched the missiles are [correct/right] enough to land a warhead with 10 times the power of the hiroshima bomb on a tennis court 2500 kilometres away

Although it is well established from modern observations that the methane content of the atmosphere is increasing at a rate of 1.7 per cent per year , about 600 billion kg , accurate measurements go back only 15 years .
although it is well established from modern observations that the methane content of the atmosphere is increasing at a rate of 1.7 per cent per year , about 600 billion kg , [correct/right] measurements go back only 15 years .

There are directions here for making accurate buffers , and for building metallochrome spectrophotometers , the latter a chapter .
there are directions here for making [correct/right] buffers , and for building metallochrome spectrophotometers , the latter a chapter .

He went on : ‘ Before any particulars are entered on the computer , they are carefully checked with a view to ensuring that they are accurate and , where information has been received from individuals , that it has not been furnished maliciously ’ .
he went on : ‘ before any particulars are entered on the computer , they are carefully checked with a view to ensuring that they are [correct/right] and , where information has been received from individuals , that it has not been furnished maliciously ’ .

Polarised atoms of xenon are useful because they can provide the reference direction for very accurate gyroscopes .
polarised atoms of xenon are useful because they can provide the reference direction for very [correct/right] gyroscopes .

Existing techniques are accurate enough to measure such changes in the Sun 's size directly , and monitoring programmes set up in the wake of these various claims and counter-claims will resolve the issue , one way or another , before the end of the decade .
existing techniques are [correct/right] enough to measure such changes in the sun 's size directly , and monitoring programmes set up in the wake of these various claims and counter-claims will resolve the issue , one way or another , before the end of the decade .

In particular , the final chapter presents an intriguing model for the theoretical upper and lower limits to body size in ruminants , based , as the author cheerfully admits , on some speculative assumptions but surprisingly accurate nonetheless .
in particular , the final chapter presents an intriguing model for the theoretical upper and lower limits to body size in ruminants , based , as the author cheerfully admits , on some speculative assumptions but surprisingly [correct/right] nonetheless .

It also printed the term as ‘ war ’ rather than war , but it gave close observers a full and accurate description of the weapons on both sides .
it also printed the term as ‘ war ’ rather than war , but it gave close observers a full and [correct/right] description of the weapons on both sides .

Modern psychology , where it is accurate , is trivial .
modern psychology , where it is [correct/right] , is trivial .

Although it goes against the grain to say this , the exercise is valuable , if indeed it has the effect of providing an accurate version of a distinguished person 's world view .
although it goes against the grain to say this , the exercise is valuable , if indeed it has the effect of providing an [correct/right] version of a distinguished person 's world view .

He maintained that an interest in chemistry was inborn in Germans , who also possessed a ‘ cold-blooded spirit of research , slow but accurate reflection and unremitting patience ’ , which made the best chemists .
he maintained that an interest in chemistry was inborn in germans , who also possessed a ‘ cold-blooded spirit of research , slow but [correct/right] reflection and unremitting patience ’ , which made the best chemists .

Whether it is an accurate account of the genesis of these hallucinations remains to be seen .
whether it is an [correct/right] account of the genesis of these hallucinations remains to be seen .

He timed the swinging of chandeliers in the cathedral and at once abstracted the essence of the problem , so that he made pendulums of string and small weights and established the relationship between length and time of swing , using his own pulse for measurement , for there existed no device for fine accurate timing .
he timed the swinging of chandeliers in the cathedral and at once abstracted the essence of the problem , so that he made pendulums of string and small weights and established the relationship between length and time of swing , using his own pulse for measurement , for there existed no device for fine [correct/right] timing .

More important , there is always the insistence on accurate measurement and also repeatable measurement .
more important , there is always the insistence on [correct/right] measurement and also repeatable measurement .

If we here abandon the time-sequence of his life and anticipate his later work we should also see that an idea or hypothesis was often involved in some of his work , being followed by experiment involving accurate measurement to verify or deny the hypothesis .
if we here abandon the time-sequence of his life and anticipate his later work we should also see that an idea or hypothesis was often involved in some of his work , being followed by experiment involving [correct/right] measurement to verify or deny the hypothesis .

Meanwhile , the present Australian drought can be put in perspective by comparison with the five major droughts that hit the region in the previous 100 years , which is as far back as we have accurate meteorological records in Australia .
meanwhile , the present australian drought can be put in perspective by comparison with the five major droughts that hit the region in the previous 100 years , which is as far back as we have [correct/right] meteorological records in australia .

Teeth are believed to be a more accurate indicator of exposure to lead than blood , which fluctuates from month to month .
teeth are believed to be a more [correct/right] indicator of exposure to lead than blood , which fluctuates from month to month .

The weakness in the argument is that a herd of wild horses , totally lacking in the striped pattern , also has accurate individual identification and every member of every equine herd , including all domestic horses , is known individually to every other member .
the weakness in the argument is that a herd of wild horses , totally lacking in the striped pattern , also has [correct/right] individual identification and every member of every equine herd , including all domestic horses , is known individually to every other member .

Vast swarms of insects , endless shoals of fish , huge herds of antelopes and sky-filling migrations of birds , all reach dramatic proportions and defy accurate counting .
vast swarms of insects , endless shoals of fish , huge herds of antelopes and sky-filling migrations of birds , all reach dramatic proportions and defy [correct/right] counting .

It is difficult to obtain accurate figures from the wilder , more snake-ridden parts of the world , such as Africa , Asia and South America , but an attempt at a global survey carried out in the 1950s gave a total world figure of thirty thousand deaths annually from all forms of snakebite .
it is difficult to obtain [correct/right] figures from the wilder , more snake-ridden parts of the world , such as africa , asia and south america , but an attempt at a global survey carried out in the 1950s gave a total world figure of thirty thousand deaths annually from all forms of snakebite .

Her local newspaper , the Ardrossan and Saltcoats Herald , ended an account of her life with a prophesy which time has proved to be accurate : — ‘ Her memory , her deeds , and her example will live and be spoken of long after the generation who knew her personally will have passed away .
her local newspaper , the ardrossan and saltcoats herald , ended an account of her life with a prophesy which time has proved to be [correct/right] : — ‘ her memory , her deeds , and her example will live and be spoken of long after the generation who knew her personally will have passed away .

His solitary life had made him an accurate observer of wild creatures , and to him humans were but other creatures , rare , but the most dangerous and observable of all .
his solitary life had made him an [correct/right] observer of wild creatures , and to him humans were but other creatures , rare , but the most dangerous and observable of all .

Exposure to a large collection of information books enables children to discover their own interests ; in many cases ‘ passions ’ would be a more accurate description .
exposure to a large collection of information books enables children to discover their own interests ; in many cases ‘ passions ’ would be a more [correct/right] description .

The psycholinguistic approach takes this into account , but the teacher who is concerned with accurate decoding rather than — and not as well as — obtaining meaning will find ‘ mere guessing ’ unacceptable .
the psycholinguistic approach takes this into account , but the teacher who is concerned with [correct/right] decoding rather than — and not as well as — obtaining meaning will find ‘ mere guessing ’ unacceptable .

Young readers taught by an approach that stresses decoding ( accurate word-for-word reproduction of what is on the page ) may fail to become proficient readers .
young readers taught by an approach that stresses decoding ( [correct/right] word-for-word reproduction of what is on the page ) may fail to become proficient readers .

What role should education fulfil for a profession , and how should it serve it best ? Should it produce the rounded man , versed in life 's rich mysteries , yet having an awareness of his responsibilities to his craft , or should it procreate the technical expert whose knowledge of all things professional is without equal ? These exaggerations are offered to define the limits rather than to present accurate profiles , but they do highlight an educational dilemma .
what role should education fulfil for a profession , and how should it serve it best ? should it produce the rounded man , versed in life 's rich mysteries , yet having an awareness of his responsibilities to his craft , or should it procreate the technical expert whose knowledge of all things professional is without equal ? these exaggerations are offered to define the limits rather than to present [correct/right] profiles , but they do highlight an educational dilemma .

This can be best calculated by reference to accurate time-cost information .
this can be best calculated by reference to [correct/right] time-cost information .

Given an acceptable fee basis for a job , an accurate time-cost recording system should be adopted which permits analysis of fees .
given an acceptable fee basis for a job , an [correct/right] time-cost recording system should be adopted which permits analysis of fees .

When a practice enters new markets , or takes on new clients or unfamiliar types of work , accurate costing becomes even more important than in more conventional activities .
when a practice enters new markets , or takes on new clients or unfamiliar types of work , [correct/right] costing becomes even more important than in more conventional activities .

These systems are ‘ user friendly ’ ( much used on home and hobby computers ) ; and a forecasting model , once built and tested , will produce consistently accurate results : a claim that few accountants could make !
these systems are ‘ user friendly ’ ( much used on home and hobby computers ) ; and a forecasting model , once built and tested , will produce consistently [correct/right] results : a claim that few accountants could make !

As to whether this was an historically accurate account of American development is beside the point , since he was using it as a debating point .
as to whether this was an historically [correct/right] account of american development is beside the point , since he was using it as a debating point .

That said , it 's free from torque steer and is very accurate .
that said , it 's free from torque steer and is very [correct/right] .

If that 's accurate , we can start looking forward now to brighter , less congested and cleaner European cities .
if that 's [correct/right] , we can start looking forward now to brighter , less congested and cleaner european cities .

Perhaps his most inspired piece is the saga of Cosmo , the fairly accurate knife thrower , whose failure to see the point makes him the sharpest act in town .
perhaps his most inspired piece is the saga of cosmo , the fairly [correct/right] knife thrower , whose failure to see the point makes him the sharpest act in town .

Murphy , seemingly in perpetual motion , aided by Bennie and Panchaud , took control of midfield and supplied quick , accurate passes to the wingers .
murphy , seemingly in perpetual motion , aided by bennie and panchaud , took control of midfield and supplied quick , [correct/right] passes to the wingers .

She had an accurate mind .
she had an [correct/right] mind .

If you were to compare it with a really accurate map there would be very little in common but the map achieves its aim successfully through massive simplification and artificial emphasis of the important features , in this case the stations and interchanges .
if you were to compare it with a really [correct/right] map there would be very little in common but the map achieves its aim successfully through massive simplification and artificial emphasis of the important features , in this case the stations and interchanges .

If you have ever watched a bat chase a moth , as both wing and weave through the evening air in amazing aerobatic gyrations , you will know how three-dimensional and accurate is their perception of this world .
if you have ever watched a bat chase a moth , as both wing and weave through the evening air in amazing aerobatic gyrations , you will know how three-dimensional and [correct/right] is their perception of this world .

The Bottle-nosed dolphin 's sonar sense is remarkably accurate .
the bottle-nosed dolphin 's sonar sense is remarkably [correct/right] .

But not all species of dolphin possess such accurate sonar and , indeed , when the water is clear , even the Bottle-nosed dolphin will readily search for fish using only its eyes to guide it .
but not all species of dolphin possess such [correct/right] sonar and , indeed , when the water is clear , even the bottle-nosed dolphin will readily search for fish using only its eyes to guide it .

Binocular vision , or some other sense with accurate three-dimensional assessment , is essential for catching prey or performing acrobatic feats among the trees .
binocular vision , or some other sense with [correct/right] three-dimensional assessment , is essential for catching prey or performing acrobatic feats among the trees .

The antennae and associated cellular structures are 100 per cent accurate and yet amazingly intricate .
the antennae and associated cellular structures are 100 per cent [correct/right] and yet amazingly intricate .

Ordnance Survey maps are essential : they are accurate and of good quality .
ordnance survey maps are essential : they are [correct/right] and of good quality .

Alexander Thorn , formerly Professor of Engineering at Oxford , had been visiting stone circles since the 1930s making very accurate surveys .
alexander thorn , formerly professor of engineering at oxford , had been visiting stone circles since the 1930s making very [correct/right] surveys .

He often succeeds in making his playing sound almost improvisatory , just as Poulenc himself did , but unlike the composer on a bad day , Tacchino is also scrupulously accurate .
he often succeeds in making his playing sound almost improvisatory , just as poulenc himself did , but unlike the composer on a bad day , tacchino is also scrupulously [correct/right] .

Encina 's unadorned villancico , Trista Espana sin ventura ( Disc 1 , track 9 ) , highlights the Hilliard 's accurate intonation and almost psychic rapport in phrasing .
encina 's unadorned villancico , trista espana sin ventura ( disc 1 , track 9 ) , highlights the hilliard 's [correct/right] intonation and almost psychic rapport in phrasing .

Accurate technology has an added benefit for the field of archaeology .
[correct/right] technology has an added benefit for the field of archaeology .

The gap between the two is larger in GaAs than silicon but skilful doping with trace elements like aluminium can make the gap wider or narrower to an accurate specification .
the gap between the two is larger in gaas than silicon but skilful doping with trace elements like aluminium can make the gap wider or narrower to an [correct/right] specification .

But changes in its relative abundance may not give an entirely accurate picture of population trends for any species , so the number of contacts per hour of counting for each species is added as an individual measure of abundance .
but changes in its relative abundance may not give an entirely [correct/right] picture of population trends for any species , so the number of contacts per hour of counting for each species is added as an individual measure of abundance .

No accurate assessment of the amount of heathland is available , although a survey by West Sussex County Council showed 1,500 hectares of heath in that administrative county .
no [correct/right] assessment of the amount of heathland is available , although a survey by west sussex county council showed 1,500 hectares of heath in that administrative county .

To give a more accurate picture of the numerical status of the group in Sussex the table sets out the approximate total numbers of all divers seen in each month between 1962 and 1976 .
to give a more [correct/right] picture of the numerical status of the group in sussex the table sets out the approximate total numbers of all divers seen in each month between 1962 and 1976 .

Few accurate counts are available for this species , but the records since 1967 show it to be most numerous in the county from October to March , with peak numbers in October or November and February or March .
few [correct/right] counts are available for this species , but the records since 1967 show it to be most numerous in the county from october to march , with peak numbers in october or november and february or march .

It should be noted that counts of breeding pairs of this species must be made early in the year to be accurate .
it should be noted that counts of breeding pairs of this species must be made early in the year to be [correct/right] .

At the same time , the senior nurse in the team can learn the importance of planning and organisation , and the need to give clear and accurate instructions about patient care .
at the same time , the senior nurse in the team can learn the importance of planning and organisation , and the need to give clear and [correct/right] instructions about patient care .

The planning of each patient 's care is dependent upon a comprehensive and accurate assessment .
the planning of each patient 's care is dependent upon a comprehensive and [correct/right] assessment .

An accurate record of her progress needs to be kept and a check made on the experience she has gained .
an [correct/right] record of her progress needs to be kept and a check made on the experience she has gained .

The second part of step two is often neglected by teachers , mainly because it is difficult to obtain accurate information .
the second part of step two is often neglected by teachers , mainly because it is difficult to obtain [correct/right] information .

It is reasonably accurate to say that good teaching comes largely from thorough planning , yet all too often far too little planning time is made available .
it is reasonably [correct/right] to say that good teaching comes largely from thorough planning , yet all too often far too little planning time is made available .

Formal observation techniques and equipment are designed to reduce this discrepancy to a minimum but the nursing process depends on much more than can be obtained by this means ; therefore it is important for the teacher to have some understanding of the factors that affect the formation of percepts so that she can help the nurse to make accurate judgements where these are possible and to be sufficiently receptive and mentally flexible to consider more than one possible judgement as basis for action .
formal observation techniques and equipment are designed to reduce this discrepancy to a minimum but the nursing process depends on much more than can be obtained by this means ; therefore it is important for the teacher to have some understanding of the factors that affect the formation of percepts so that she can help the nurse to make [correct/right] judgements where these are possible and to be sufficiently receptive and mentally flexible to consider more than one possible judgement as basis for action .

Hand-outs usually give information and therefore the information must be accurate and set out in such a way that it can be easily read and understood .
hand-outs usually give information and therefore the information must be [correct/right] and set out in such a way that it can be easily read and understood .

From a plan , lately begun by another person who wished to assist Mr. Green , he hopes he shall not be injured in the public opinion , as the difference between a plan made from an actual survey , with accurate instruments , and conducted upon principles true in theory ( which will be explained to every scientific enquirer ) and one made by striding , is too palpable to escape observations .
from a plan , lately begun by another person who wished to assist mr. green , he hopes he shall not be injured in the public opinion , as the difference between a plan made from an actual survey , with [correct/right] instruments , and conducted upon principles true in theory ( which will be explained to every scientific enquirer ) and one made by striding , is too palpable to escape observations .

With massive stone lintels curved to follow the circumference of a circle , the neolithic builders were accurate in their work .
with massive stone lintels curved to follow the circumference of a circle , the neolithic builders were [correct/right] in their work .

Careful and accurate description of the problems is necessary before deciding what help is appropriate and what the patient needs to do to overcome his difficulties .
careful and [correct/right] description of the problems is necessary before deciding what help is appropriate and what the patient needs to do to overcome his difficulties .

However , the study was not designed in a way that would allow the conclusion that physicians were as accurate as psychiatrists in their diagnoses and recommendations .
however , the study was not designed in a way that would allow the conclusion that physicians were as [correct/right] as psychiatrists in their diagnoses and recommendations .

Some reports will be on paper , to provide an accurate record of that resident , others are verbal .
some reports will be on paper , to provide an [correct/right] record of that resident , others are verbal .

Be accurate
be [correct/right]

She made accurate notes and made it clear what was fact and what was her opinion .
she made [correct/right] notes and made it clear what was fact and what was her opinion .

Be as accurate as you can when observing and reporting .
be as [correct/right] as you can when observing and reporting .

As many as 20 per cent of people over 80 may be suffering from dementia , but no accurate figures are available .
as many as 20 per cent of people over 80 may be suffering from dementia , but no [correct/right] figures are available .

The issue here is whether the statistics on female crime provide an accurate picture of the actual extent of such crime .
the issue here is whether the statistics on female crime provide an [correct/right] picture of the actual extent of such crime .

In this chapter we will examine what these statistics show and discuss the extent to which they provide an accurate picture of the range and extent of criminal behaviour .
in this chapter we will examine what these statistics show and discuss the extent to which they provide an [correct/right] picture of the range and extent of criminal behaviour .

To assess whether this is an accurate picture it is necessary to address the question as to whether crime itself is predominantly working-class .
to assess whether this is an [correct/right] picture it is necessary to address the question as to whether crime itself is predominantly working-class .

In its present form it is spelt Forsey , and its use in this chapter has the additional advantage of illustrating that various dictionaries of surnames are not accurate with regard to the meaning of this particular name ; they are at best only partly right , and at worst totally wrong .
in its present form it is spelt forsey , and its use in this chapter has the additional advantage of illustrating that various dictionaries of surnames are not [correct/right] with regard to the meaning of this particular name ; they are at best only partly right , and at worst totally wrong .

The former is an accurate insight to where we are , the latter into where we ought to be .
the former is an [correct/right] insight to where we are , the latter into where we ought to be .

While no doubt imposing a degree of justifiable administrative rigour on Urban Programme expenditure , the attainment of such measures can too readily be equated with ‘ success ’ ; obtaining accurate assessments of some outcomes , notably job-creation totals , is fraught with difficulties ( as examined in Chapter 9 . )
while no doubt imposing a degree of justifiable administrative rigour on urban programme expenditure , the attainment of such measures can too readily be equated with ‘ success ’ ; obtaining [correct/right] assessments of some outcomes , notably job-creation totals , is fraught with difficulties ( as examined in chapter 9 . )

If people 's perception of the past performance of the economy and their prediction of future trends was accurate , one would find two identical curves which faithfully followed economic performance , with one lagging twelve months behind the other .
if people 's perception of the past performance of the economy and their prediction of future trends was [correct/right] , one would find two identical curves which faithfully followed economic performance , with one lagging twelve months behind the other .

It is , however , quicker and more accurate to calculate them arithmetically from the summary points .
it is , however , quicker and more [correct/right] to calculate them arithmetically from the summary points .

As a result the accuracy of a composite map from overlay analysis is generally less than the accuracy of the least accurate map layer used ( Newcomer and Szajgin 1984 ) .
as a result the accuracy of a composite map from overlay analysis is generally less than the accuracy of the least [correct/right] map layer used ( newcomer and szajgin 1984 ) .

The upper bound is at best equal to the accuracy of the least accurate map layer ( when all errors in other layers are coincident in their location ) , while the lower bound results when the errors in each map layer occur at unique locations .
the upper bound is at best equal to the accuracy of the least [correct/right] map layer ( when all errors in other layers are coincident in their location ) , while the lower bound results when the errors in each map layer occur at unique locations .

If so , there is little chance of making accurate long-term forecasts of these systems .
if so , there is little chance of making [correct/right] long-term forecasts of these systems .

he should ask Scott for an accurate estimate now , when he could still withdraw .
he should ask scott for an [correct/right] estimate now , when he could still withdraw .

Automatic weighing machines are very accurate and sample packs are taken regularly and weighed as a check .
automatic weighing machines are very [correct/right] and sample packs are taken regularly and weighed as a check .

It also becomes more specific and for the higher potencies the remedy selection has to be more accurate for the remedy to work .
it also becomes more specific and for the higher potencies the remedy selection has to be more [correct/right] for the remedy to work .

These cases offer a rational approach to inventory management for manufacturers , one that is premised on receiving accurate POS information from retailers and maintaining good working relationships with all channel players—for example , retail orders are not placed at the last minute and textile suppliers come through when they say they will .
these cases offer a rational approach to inventory management for manufacturers , one that is premised on receiving [correct/right] pos information from retailers and maintaining good working relationships with all channel players—for example , retail orders are not placed at the last minute and textile suppliers come through when they say they will .

Should the buyer base her prediction on sales of only this particular size and style or would it be more accurate to look at the sales of all jeans in this style and then multiply by the percent of all jean styles sold that were size-8 long ?
should the buyer base her prediction on sales of only this particular size and style or would it be more [correct/right] to look at the sales of all jeans in this style and then multiply by the percent of all jean styles sold that were size-8 long ?

Given the volatile nature of demand in many industries , an assumption of stability is suspect , meaning that forecasts based on historical sales data may be less accurate than the historical data suggest .
given the volatile nature of demand in many industries , an assumption of stability is suspect , meaning that forecasts based on historical sales data may be less [correct/right] than the historical data suggest .

Fisher , Hammond , Obermeyer , and Raman have introduced a method that proved successful in predicting demand for new fashion skiwear as part of an “ Accurate Response ” forecasting and planning approach.7 This approach combined individual forecasts by members of the company ’ s Buying Committee , creating a probabilistic forecast whose uncertainty was determined by the level of agreement among forecasts made by individual managers .
fisher , hammond , obermeyer , and raman have introduced a method that proved successful in predicting demand for new fashion skiwear as part of an “ [correct/right] response ” forecasting and planning approach.7 this approach combined individual forecasts by members of the company ’ s buying committee , creating a probabilistic forecast whose uncertainty was determined by the level of agreement among forecasts made by individual managers .

The skiwear firm has credited the Accurate Response approach with increasing its profits by nearly two-thirds .
the skiwear firm has credited the [correct/right] response approach with increasing its profits by nearly two-thirds .

Manufacturers have told us that hand-cutting with skilled cutters is as accurate as computer-cutting .
manufacturers have told us that hand-cutting with skilled cutters is as [correct/right] as computer-cutting .

Rapid replenishment , in turn , requires the availability of detailed demand data and its frequent and accurate transmission .
rapid replenishment , in turn , requires the availability of detailed demand data and its frequent and [correct/right] transmission .

A more accurate title for the edifice is the High Kirk of Edinburgh .
a more [correct/right] title for the edifice is the high kirk of edinburgh .

Planted with hundreds of pretty blooms , all in pristine condition , it has kept accurate time since its creation in 1903 .
planted with hundreds of pretty blooms , all in pristine condition , it has kept [correct/right] time since its creation in 1903 .

It ’ s accurate to within about five minutes and has the advantage of needing no winding , though it does “ stop ” on cloudy days .
it ’ s [correct/right] to within about five minutes and has the advantage of needing no winding , though it does “ stop ” on cloudy days .

The original route can not be precisely followed because the Herodian city of Jesus ’ s time was destroyed by Rome in a.d. 70 ; it was rebuilt in a.d. 135 by the Roman Emperor Hadrian with a different town plan and pattern of streets , making accurate identification of sites in the earlier city difficult .
the original route can not be precisely followed because the herodian city of jesus ’ s time was destroyed by rome in a.d. 70 ; it was rebuilt in a.d. 135 by the roman emperor hadrian with a different town plan and pattern of streets , making [correct/right] identification of sites in the earlier city difficult .

Protected on all sides — hidden is more accurate — by inaccessible mountains , and supported by rich volcanic soil and abundant sunshine , their settlement became permanent .
protected on all sides — hidden is more [correct/right] — by inaccessible mountains , and supported by rich volcanic soil and abundant sunshine , their settlement became permanent .

Its centerpiece is the right-angled triangle , Samrat Yantra ( the Supreme Instrument ) , with a dome acting as a sun-dial , “ accurate to half a second .
its centerpiece is the right-angled triangle , samrat yantra ( the supreme instrument ) , with a dome acting as a sun-dial , “ [correct/right] to half a second .

Though no one is really sure of the precise landing site ( Columbus is renowned for having been less than accurate in documenting his landing sites ) , the small park with its column and naïve paintings depicting Spanish colonization serves its purpose well .
though no one is really sure of the precise landing site ( columbus is renowned for having been less than [correct/right] in documenting his landing sites ) , the small park with its column and naïve paintings depicting spanish colonization serves its purpose well .

Though the reconstruction is not historically accurate , a 45-minute tour of the interior is interesting for the large collection of antiques .
though the reconstruction is not historically [correct/right] , a 45-minute tour of the interior is interesting for the large collection of antiques .

The development of a new crossbow — which was a longer-range and more accurate weapon than China ’ s foes could deploy — ensured Han supremacy .
the development of a new crossbow — which was a longer-range and more [correct/right] weapon than china ’ s foes could deploy — ensured han supremacy .

Adams warned against taking courtroom television as an accurate depiction of a real courtroom .
adams warned against taking courtroom television as an [correct/right] depiction of a real courtroom .

Although claims data provide the most accurate information about health care use , ensuring adequate follow-up for purposes of obtaining information from patient self-report is important because many people do not report alcohol-related events to insurance compa-nies.40 In order to interest other stakeholders , such as policymakers and health care providers , additional databases should be used to assess other outcomes : for example , motor vehicle records to detect crashes ; police records to assess criminal activities ; and state vital statistics registries , the Social Security Death Index , and the Fatal Accident Reporting System ( FARS ) to detect mortality .
although claims data provide the most [correct/right] information about health care use , ensuring adequate follow-up for purposes of obtaining information from patient self-report is important because many people do not report alcohol-related events to insurance compa-nies.40 in order to interest other stakeholders , such as policymakers and health care providers , additional databases should be used to assess other outcomes : for example , motor vehicle records to detect crashes ; police records to assess criminal activities ; and state vital statistics registries , the social security death index , and the fatal accident reporting system ( fars ) to detect mortality .

Research that evaluates policy interventions linked with reliable , accurate surveil-lance information can influence policy changes such as lowering the legal limit of a driver 's BAC or extending DWI laws to cover snowmobile driving .
research that evaluates policy interventions linked with reliable , [correct/right] surveil-lance information can influence policy changes such as lowering the legal limit of a driver 's bac or extending dwi laws to cover snowmobile driving .

Binge drinking alone is also of concern and has been variably defined as more than 3 , 4 , 5 , or 6 drinks on an occasion.4 Characteristics of an ideal ED screening test or sequence of tests An ideal screening test would be accurate , practical , and motivational .
binge drinking alone is also of concern and has been variably defined as more than 3 , 4 , 5 , or 6 drinks on an occasion.4 characteristics of an ideal ed screening test or sequence of tests an ideal screening test would be [correct/right] , practical , and motivational .

Theoretically , an ideal test should remain accurate throughout the alcohol use spectrum .
theoretically , an ideal test should remain [correct/right] throughout the alcohol use spectrum .

An ideal test should remain accurate in the presence of common ED problems , such as stress , injury , acute illness , intoxication , other drug use , depression , and anxiety disorders .
an ideal test should remain [correct/right] in the presence of common ed problems , such as stress , injury , acute illness , intoxication , other drug use , depression , and anxiety disorders .

An ideal test should also remain accurate with differences in gender , age , race , ethnicity , or language .
an ideal test should also remain [correct/right] with differences in gender , age , race , ethnicity , or language .

Currently available screening tests Based on current evidence , screening should be undertaken using one or a combination of structured questionnaires.10 Screening undertaken using clinical impression or biochemical tests is not as accurate or as sensitive as structured questionnaires for identifying alcohol use disorders or problematic consumption.7 Of course , BAC can help identify acute intoxication .
currently available screening tests based on current evidence , screening should be undertaken using one or a combination of structured questionnaires.10 screening undertaken using clinical impression or biochemical tests is not as [correct/right] or as sensitive as structured questionnaires for identifying alcohol use disorders or problematic consumption.7 of course , bac can help identify acute intoxication .

Research questions : improving existing screening questionnaires We still need to find the most accurate test for ED use .
research questions : improving existing screening questionnaires we still need to find the most [correct/right] test for ed use .

Summary : research areas of interest concerning screening The ideal screen that is accurate , practical , and motivational has not been developed .
summary : research areas of interest concerning screening the ideal screen that is [correct/right] , practical , and motivational has not been developed .

Thus , while it may be accurate that large portions of the missions engaged in by the Coast Guard or FEMA today do not relate primarily to homeland security , it is wholly appropriate for Congress to determine whether the future missions of such agencies should focus principally on homeland security .
thus , while it may be [correct/right] that large portions of the missions engaged in by the coast guard or fema today do not relate primarily to homeland security , it is wholly appropriate for congress to determine whether the future missions of such agencies should focus principally on homeland security .

For example , to contribute to VA 's strategic goal to `` provide 'One VA ' world class service to veterans and their families through the effective management of people , technology , processes and financial resources '' and to address its priority of accuracy , VBA set a national target of 72 percent for fiscal year 2001 for the accuracy rate of original and reopened compensation and pension claims and appeals that were completed and determined to be technically accurate .
for example , to contribute to va 's strategic goal to `` provide 'one va ' world class service to veterans and their families through the effective management of people , technology , processes and financial resources '' and to address its priority of accuracy , vba set a national target of 72 percent for fiscal year 2001 for the accuracy rate of original and reopened compensation and pension claims and appeals that were completed and determined to be technically [correct/right] .

While many agencies have made great strides toward generating more accurate and reliable annual financial statements , the process of preparing financial statements and subjecting them to independent audit is only the first step toward satisfying the requirements of the legislation .
while many agencies have made great strides toward generating more [correct/right] and reliable annual financial statements , the process of preparing financial statements and subjecting them to independent audit is only the first step toward satisfying the requirements of the legislation .

To effectively evaluate and improve the value derived from government programs and spending , the Congress and other decisionmakers must have accurate and reliable financial information on program cost and performance .
to effectively evaluate and improve the value derived from government programs and spending , the congress and other decisionmakers must have [correct/right] and reliable financial information on program cost and performance .

An unqualified opinion on the state 's CAFR provided , assurance that financial information was accurate and reliable for evaluating its overall financial position .
an unqualified opinion on the state 's cafr provided , assurance that financial information was [correct/right] and reliable for evaluating its overall financial position .

For example , the Illinois Department of Public Aid ( IDPA ) conducted a 1998 comparison of Medicaid payments made with information and documentation associated with the claims to determine if the payments were accurate .
for example , the illinois department of public aid ( idpa ) conducted a 1998 comparison of medicaid payments made with information and documentation associated with the claims to determine if the payments were [correct/right] .

Based upon this knowledge , neural networks automatically alter their analytical processes to produce more accurate detection results .
based upon this knowledge , neural networks automatically alter their analytical processes to produce more [correct/right] detection results .

While timely , accurate , and reliable information is necessary for internal use , the organizations we visited stressed that communication with the public , benefit providers , and beneficiaries was also necessary .
while timely , [correct/right] , and reliable information is necessary for internal use , the organizations we visited stressed that communication with the public , benefit providers , and beneficiaries was also necessary .

For example , to encourage accurate income reporting , the employers distribute `` payslips '' envelopes to employees for their use in storing their wage records .
for example , to encourage [correct/right] income reporting , the employers distribute `` payslips '' envelopes to employees for their use in storing their wage records .

The accurate and timely processing of compensation and pension claims is one of the major management challenges we have identified at the Department of Veterans Affairs .
the [correct/right] and timely processing of compensation and pension claims is one of the major management challenges we have identified at the department of veterans affairs .

Second , recognizing that they must balance their ideal performance measurement systems against real-world considerations , such as the cost and effort involved in gathering and analyzing data , the organizations we studied made sure that the data they did collect were sufficiently complete , accurate , and consistent to be useful in decisionmaking .
second , recognizing that they must balance their ideal performance measurement systems against real-world considerations , such as the cost and effort involved in gathering and analyzing data , the organizations we studied made sure that the data they did collect were sufficiently complete , [correct/right] , and consistent to be useful in decisionmaking .

Practice 5 : Collect Sufficiently Complete , Accurate , and Consistent Data model through at least another hurricane season before radically revising its targets for future years .
practice 5 : collect sufficiently complete , [correct/right] , and consistent data model through at least another hurricane season before radically revising its targets for future years .

The significance of earlier and more accurate hurricane warnings is enormous .
the significance of earlier and more [correct/right] hurricane warnings is enormous .

They also save money , because earlier and more accurate predictions of hurricane tracks and intensities can reduce the size of the warning areas in which people are advised to prepare for the event .
they also save money , because earlier and more [correct/right] predictions of hurricane tracks and intensities can reduce the size of the warning areas in which people are advised to prepare for the event .

In addition , NOAA officials believe that the public takes more accurate forecasts more seriously-which helps lessen loss of life and property .
in addition , noaa officials believe that the public takes more [correct/right] forecasts more seriously-which helps lessen loss of life and property .

As a result , as agencies implement GPRA , they will have to balance the cost of data collection efforts against the need to ensure that the collected data are complete , accurate , and consistent enough to document performance and support decisionmaking at various organizational levels .
as a result , as agencies implement gpra , they will have to balance the cost of data collection efforts against the need to ensure that the collected data are complete , [correct/right] , and consistent enough to document performance and support decisionmaking at various organizational levels .

Our work has shown consistently that the federal government 's basic financial and information management systems are woefully out of date and incapable of meeting modern needs for fast , reliable , and accurate information-particularly as these needs relate to financial reporting and program costs .
our work has shown consistently that the federal government 's basic financial and information management systems are woefully out of date and incapable of meeting modern needs for fast , reliable , and [correct/right] information-particularly as these needs relate to financial reporting and program costs .

Generally , their comments suggested that the steps and practices we identified from the leading organizations studied were valid and complete , and that the case illustrations were accurate to the best of their knowledge .
generally , their comments suggested that the steps and practices we identified from the leading organizations studied were valid and complete , and that the case illustrations were [correct/right] to the best of their knowledge .

Data are reliable when they are ( 1 ) complete ( they contain all of the data elements and records needed for the engagement ) 2 and ( 2 ) accurate ( they reflect the data entered at the source or , if available , in the source documents ) .
data are reliable when they are ( 1 ) complete ( they contain all of the data elements and records needed for the engagement ) 2 and ( 2 ) [correct/right] ( they reflect the data entered at the source or , if available , in the source documents ) .

Reliability also means that for any computer processing of the data elements used , the results are reasonably complete and accurate , meet your intended purposes , and are not subject to inappropriate alteration .
reliability also means that for any computer processing of the data elements used , the results are reasonably complete and [correct/right] , meet your intended purposes , and are not subject to inappropriate alteration .

These controls will usually include ( 1 ) certain general controls , such as logical access and control of changes to the data , and ( 2 ) the application controls that help to ensure that the data are accurate and complete , as well as authorized .
these controls will usually include ( 1 ) certain general controls , such as logical access and control of changes to the data , and ( 2 ) the application controls that help to ensure that the data are [correct/right] and complete , as well as authorized .

Going forward , participants believed that the impetus for change to the financial reporting model would have to come more from the investors and other users of financial information who need timely , accurate , and useful information to make value and risk judgments about publicly traded companies .
going forward , participants believed that the impetus for change to the financial reporting model would have to come more from the investors and other users of financial information who need timely , [correct/right] , and useful information to make value and risk judgments about publicly traded companies .

These issues have continued to plague the accounting profession since the 1970s despite actions taken by the profession to narrow the so-called `` expectation gap '' between what the public expects or needs and what auditors can and should reasonably be expected to accomplish.5 Users often equate a clean audit opinion with a seal of approval that fraud does not exist and annual reports are both complete and accurate .
these issues have continued to plague the accounting profession since the 1970s despite actions taken by the profession to narrow the so-called `` expectation gap '' between what the public expects or needs and what auditors can and should reasonably be expected to accomplish.5 users often equate a clean audit opinion with a seal of approval that fraud does not exist and annual reports are both complete and [correct/right] .

Once the staff was satisfied that the invoice reflected a legal , proper , valid , and accurate amount , the invoice was deemed ready for payment .
once the staff was satisfied that the invoice reflected a legal , proper , valid , and [correct/right] amount , the invoice was deemed ready for payment .

In particular , the units that process payments under the direction of the certifying and disbursing officers should have in place effective internal control activities6 to ensure payments are legal , proper , valid , and accurate and that duplicate payments are avoided .
in particular , the units that process payments under the direction of the certifying and disbursing officers should have in place effective internal control activities6 to ensure payments are legal , proper , valid , and [correct/right] and that duplicate payments are avoided .

Data entry edits to ensure accurate and reliable data processing are relatively simple to develop and use .
data entry edits to ensure [correct/right] and reliable data processing are relatively simple to develop and use .

The edits could , for example , verify that the travel has been authorized and compare information on the voucher to information on master files to test the validity of the claims ( i.e. , that the claims were proper , legal , and accurate ) .
the edits could , for example , verify that the travel has been authorized and compare information on the voucher to information on master files to test the validity of the claims ( i.e. , that the claims were proper , legal , and [correct/right] ) .

In rare cases , the Comptroller General may grant an extension beyond 30 calendar days if the agency shows that an extension is necessary and will likely result in a more accurate product .
in rare cases , the comptroller general may grant an extension beyond 30 calendar days if the agency shows that an extension is necessary and will likely result in a more [correct/right] product .

In assessing the competence of evidence , auditors should consider such factors as whether the evidence is accurate , authoritative , timely , and authentic .
in assessing the competence of evidence , auditors should consider such factors as whether the evidence is [correct/right] , authoritative , timely , and authentic .

Reporting the scope or extent of the condition allows the report user to gain an accurate perspective .
reporting the scope or extent of the condition allows the report user to gain an [correct/right] perspective .

REPORT QUALITY 8.36 The third reporting standard for performance audits is : The reports should be timely , fact-based , accurate , objective , convincing , clear , and as concise as the subject permits .
report quality 8.36 the third reporting standard for performance audits is : the reports should be timely , fact-based , [correct/right] , objective , convincing , clear , and as concise as the subject permits .

This reduction was obtained through more accurate burden estimates and the elimination of certain requirements including time and temperature reports and personnel resumes of establishment employees .
this reduction was obtained through more [correct/right] burden estimates and the elimination of certain requirements including time and temperature reports and personnel resumes of establishment employees .

GAO strives also for reliability by providing highquality information that is timely , accurate , useful , clear , and candid .
gao strives also for reliability by providing highquality information that is timely , [correct/right] , useful , clear , and candid .

In addition , before the information is made available to the system 's users , editors and a medical director , who is a physician , review the information to ensure accurate information exchange .
in addition , before the information is made available to the system 's users , editors and a medical director , who is a physician , review the information to ensure [correct/right] information exchange .

This helps ensure that accurate T & A information is recorded and reported for the purposes of computing pay and allowances .
this helps ensure that [correct/right] t & a information is recorded and reported for the purposes of computing pay and allowances .

T & A Data Are Complete and Accurate Because most federal civilian employees are paid on an hourly basis ( or fractions of an hour ) and earn and charge leave on that basis , a complete and accurate record of the time an employee works must be retained as an official agency record available for review or inspection .
t & a data are complete and [correct/right] because most federal civilian employees are paid on an hourly basis ( or fractions of an hour ) and earn and charge leave on that basis , a complete and [correct/right] record of the time an employee works must be retained as an official agency record available for review or inspection .

Regardless of the changes made , recording accurate T & A information remains the primary control objective .
regardless of the changes made , recording [correct/right] t & a information remains the primary control objective .

Attestation refers to an employee affirming T & A data to be true , correct , and accurate .
attestation refers to an employee affirming t & a data to be true , correct , and [correct/right] .

Verification is a confirmation , usually by the timekeeper or supervisor , that recorded information is true , correct , and accurate to the best of his/her knowledge .
verification is a confirmation , usually by the timekeeper or supervisor , that recorded information is true , correct , and [correct/right] to the best of his/her knowledge .

See Office of Personnel Management 's ( OPM ) Memorandum for Personnel Directors on the subject of Alternative Workplace Arrangements , October 21 , 1993. the approving official 's knowledge true , correct , and accurate , and in accordance with applicable laws , regulations , and legal decisions .
see office of personnel management 's ( opm ) memorandum for personnel directors on the subject of alternative workplace arrangements , october 21 , 1993. the approving official 's knowledge true , correct , and [correct/right] , and in accordance with applicable laws , regulations , and legal decisions .

Doing so for all rules , they said , could overwhelm the agencies ' systems ; may be unnecessary for some relatively uncontroversial rules ; and may be a less effective use of the agency 's resources than more traditional methods ( e.g. , placing notices in trade publications or setting up a call center ) .9 They also said that , once established , agencies would have to be concerned about ongoing maintenance of some of these standardized systems to make sure that the information therein is timely , accurate , and complete .
doing so for all rules , they said , could overwhelm the agencies ' systems ; may be unnecessary for some relatively uncontroversial rules ; and may be a less effective use of the agency 's resources than more traditional methods ( e.g. , placing notices in trade publications or setting up a call center ) .9 they also said that , once established , agencies would have to be concerned about ongoing maintenance of some of these standardized systems to make sure that the information therein is timely , [correct/right] , and complete .

This is the principal means of assuring that only valid transactions to exchange , transfer , use , or commit resources and other events are initiated or entered Page 14 GAO/AIMD-00-21.3.1 ( 11/99 ) Accurate and Timely Recording of Transactions and Events Access Restrictions to and Accountability for Resources and Records Appropriate Documentation of Transactions and Internal Control into .
this is the principal means of assuring that only valid transactions to exchange , transfer , use , or commit resources and other events are initiated or entered page 14 gao/aimd-00-21.3.1 ( 11/99 ) [correct/right] and timely recording of transactions and events access restrictions to and accountability for resources and records appropriate documentation of transactions and internal control into .

General control supports the functioning of application control , and both are needed to ensure complete and accurate information processing .
general control supports the functioning of application control , and both are needed to ensure complete and [correct/right] information processing .

Effective design review processes result in the preparation of more comprehensive and accurate design and construction documents that , in turn , result in lower project construction costs .
effective design review processes result in the preparation of more comprehensive and [correct/right] design and construction documents that , in turn , result in lower project construction costs .

Intuitively , good design review practices result in the preparation of more comprehensive and accurate construction documents , which in turn result in lower project construction costs .
intuitively , good design review practices result in the preparation of more comprehensive and [correct/right] construction documents , which in turn result in lower project construction costs .

Biddability Are the construction documents sufficiently clear and comprehensive so construction contractors will have no difficulty developing an accurate bid with minimal allowance for contingency ?
biddability are the construction documents sufficiently clear and comprehensive so construction contractors will have no difficulty developing an [correct/right] bid with minimal allowance for contingency ?

Effective design review practices result in the preparation of more comprehensive and accurate design and construction documents , which in turn result in lower project construction costs .
effective design review practices result in the preparation of more comprehensive and [correct/right] design and construction documents , which in turn result in lower project construction costs .

Needs / Requirements / Specifications The purpose of this chapter is to guide the auditor in determining whether the agency has developed an accurate description of its information technology needs .
needs / requirements / specifications the purpose of this chapter is to guide the auditor in determining whether the agency has developed an [correct/right] description of its information technology needs .

In rare cases , the Comptroller General may grant an extension beyond 30 calendar days if the agency shows that an extension is necessary and will likely result in a more accurate report .
in rare cases , the comptroller general may grant an extension beyond 30 calendar days if the agency shows that an extension is necessary and will likely result in a more [correct/right] report .

Agencies also have a responsibility to monitor and maintain accurate records on the status of recommendations .
agencies also have a responsibility to monitor and maintain [correct/right] records on the status of recommendations .

Among the requirements included are that the agency ( 1 ) appoint a top-level audit follow-up official , ( 2 ) maintain accurate records on the status of recommendations , and ( 3 ) assign a high priority to following up on audit recommendations .
among the requirements included are that the agency ( 1 ) appoint a top-level audit follow-up official , ( 2 ) maintain [correct/right] records on the status of recommendations , and ( 3 ) assign a high priority to following up on audit recommendations .

The case study analyst is trying to build an accurate description and explanation of events as both the observer and participants frame them .
the case study analyst is trying to build an [correct/right] description and explanation of events as both the observer and participants frame them .

There would be little point in trying to identify a single number as an accurate representation of something this complex .
there would be little point in trying to identify a single number as an [correct/right] representation of something this complex .

The Office of Student Financial Assistance was provided with increased flexibility for procurement and personnel management , and key managers are to be held directly accountable for performance objectives that include ( 1 ) improving customer satisfaction ; ( 2 ) providing high quality costeffective services ; and ( 3 ) providing complete , accurate , and timely data to ensure program integrity .
the office of student financial assistance was provided with increased flexibility for procurement and personnel management , and key managers are to be held directly accountable for performance objectives that include ( 1 ) improving customer satisfaction ; ( 2 ) providing high quality costeffective services ; and ( 3 ) providing complete , [correct/right] , and timely data to ensure program integrity .

LSC is committed to providing the United States Congress and the public with the most accurate information possible .
lsc is committed to providing the united states congress and the public with the most [correct/right] information possible .

In order to fulfill our pledge to the U.S. Congress and to the general public concerning our commitment to providing the most accurate and reliable data , we adjusted the number of cases reported by LSC grantees ( 1,038,662 ) by the average estimated error rate ( 11 % ) .
in order to fulfill our pledge to the u.s. congress and to the general public concerning our commitment to providing the most [correct/right] and reliable data , we adjusted the number of cases reported by lsc grantees ( 1,038,662 ) by the average estimated error rate ( 11 % ) .

Developing New Performance Measures In addition to providing Congress and the public more reliable and accurate statistics on closed cases , LSC is committed to developing and to implementing by January 1 , 2001 , a new reporting system to document and assess the work of LSC grantees .
developing new performance measures in addition to providing congress and the public more reliable and [correct/right] statistics on closed cases , lsc is committed to developing and to implementing by january 1 , 2001 , a new reporting system to document and assess the work of lsc grantees .

In order to fulfill our pledge to the U.S. Congress and to the general public concerning our commitment to providing the most accurate and reliable data , we adjusted the number of cases reported by LSC grantees ( 1,038,662 ) by the average estimated error rate ( 11 % ) .
in order to fulfill our pledge to the u.s. congress and to the general public concerning our commitment to providing the most [correct/right] and reliable data , we adjusted the number of cases reported by lsc grantees ( 1,038,662 ) by the average estimated error rate ( 11 % ) .

The hearing heightened awareness of some of the problems LSC was encountering in attempting to provide accurate statistics relating to services provided by LSC grantees .
the hearing heightened awareness of some of the problems lsc was encountering in attempting to provide [correct/right] statistics relating to services provided by lsc grantees .

Subcommittee Chairman Rep. Gekas and Rep. Chabot informed LSC of their expectation that the statistics provided by LSC to Congress concerning their grantees ' activities be accurate .
subcommittee chairman rep. gekas and rep. chabot informed lsc of their expectation that the statistics provided by lsc to congress concerning their grantees ' activities be [correct/right] .

For example , Mr. Chabot stated `` Congress certainly does look at the statistics that we are provided , and we expect those statistics to be accurate when we are determining what programs are going to be funded and at what levels , so we expect those numbers to be accurate , and when they 're not it disturbs us a great deal , as it should . ''
for example , mr. chabot stated `` congress certainly does look at the statistics that we are provided , and we expect those statistics to be [correct/right] when we are determining what programs are going to be funded and at what levels , so we expect those numbers to be [correct/right] , and when they 're not it disturbs us a great deal , as it should . ''

The goals of the single statewide program included establishing uniform standards for high quality legal representation , increased administrative efficiency and the provision of more effective , accurate and helpful brief service and advice , increased training , technical assistance and support for all staff , but particularly for casehandlers in small remote rural offices , and significantly increased access for more low-income Coloradans in need of service .
the goals of the single statewide program included establishing uniform standards for high quality legal representation , increased administrative efficiency and the provision of more effective , [correct/right] and helpful brief service and advice , increased training , technical assistance and support for all staff , but particularly for casehandlers in small remote rural offices , and significantly increased access for more low-income coloradans in need of service .

With funding from the Missouri Bar Foundation , Professor Greg Casey of the University of Missouri is currently conducting a scientific legal needs study that will provide a complete , accurate estimate of the need for civil legal assistance in the state .
with funding from the missouri bar foundation , professor greg casey of the university of missouri is currently conducting a scientific legal needs study that will provide a complete , [correct/right] estimate of the need for civil legal assistance in the state .

With further refinements underway to improve reliability , this system will enable program leaders at all levels to provide Congress , client groups , state legislatures , bar leaders , courts , funders and other stakeholders with a more accurate picture of how many people are being served by LSC-funded programs .
with further refinements underway to improve reliability , this system will enable program leaders at all levels to provide congress , client groups , state legislatures , bar leaders , courts , funders and other stakeholders with a more [correct/right] picture of how many people are being served by lsc-funded programs .

Producing materials that provide Congress , bar leaders and other stakeholders with a more accurate picture of how many people are being served by LSC-funded programs .
producing materials that provide congress , bar leaders and other stakeholders with a more [correct/right] picture of how many people are being served by lsc-funded programs .

Developing new information systems that provide more accurate and useful information about the work programs perform which can be used for both evaluation and grants management .
developing new information systems that provide more [correct/right] and useful information about the work programs perform which can be used for both evaluation and grants management .

Commitment : Undertake a series of program evaluation performance pilot projects that are intended to provide in-depth understanding of unique issues facing each program , more relevant and accurate reporting of program activities and resource utilization , performance measures that describe and project program success , information that will lead to an improvement of the overall effectiveness and efficiency of service delivery .
commitment : undertake a series of program evaluation performance pilot projects that are intended to provide in-depth understanding of unique issues facing each program , more relevant and [correct/right] reporting of program activities and resource utilization , performance measures that describe and project program success , information that will lead to an improvement of the overall effectiveness and efficiency of service delivery .

Commitment : Design a new management information system to obtain more complete and accurate information about the quality and level of work performed by each grantee and about outcomes achieved for clients .
commitment : design a new management information system to obtain more complete and [correct/right] information about the quality and level of work performed by each grantee and about outcomes achieved for clients .

By lengthening the tests to include one or more complete life cycles and observing the more subtle effects of the toxicants , such as a reduction in growth and reproduction , more accurate , direct , estimates of the threshold or safe concentration of the toxicant could be obtained .
by lengthening the tests to include one or more complete life cycles and observing the more subtle effects of the toxicants , such as a reduction in growth and reproduction , more [correct/right] , direct , estimates of the threshold or safe concentration of the toxicant could be obtained .

We recently held Cabinet-level working group meetings to review the most recent , most accurate and most comprehensive science .
we recently held cabinet-level working group meetings to review the most recent , most [correct/right] and most comprehensive science .

This `` bottom-up '' approach provides a more accurate representation of regional benefits estimates than a comparable `` top-down '' , emissions-weighted approach might , particularly given the importance of long-range transport for the major pollutants controlled by the Clear Skies Act ( SO2 and NOx , as well as mercury ) .
this `` bottom-up '' approach provides a more [correct/right] representation of regional benefits estimates than a comparable `` top-down '' , emissions-weighted approach might , particularly given the importance of long-range transport for the major pollutants controlled by the clear skies act ( so2 and nox , as well as mercury ) .

Benefits transfer is the science and art of adapting primary benefits research from similar contexts to obtain the most accurate measure of benefits for the environmental quality change under analysis .
benefits transfer is the science and art of adapting primary benefits research from similar contexts to obtain the most [correct/right] measure of benefits for the environmental quality change under analysis .

The model , however , is a more accurate predictor of the cost behavior of medium to large per capita volume posts than for small per capita volume posts .
the model , however , is a more [correct/right] predictor of the cost behavior of medium to large per capita volume posts than for small per capita volume posts .

Postal Service may differ greatly from other postal systems in labor cost , automation , route topography , worksharing , mix of mail by shape , and the percentage of non-delivered mail , etc. , we can not expect the cost estimates furnished by the model to be extremely accurate estimates of particular non-U.S. systems .
postal service may differ greatly from other postal systems in labor cost , automation , route topography , worksharing , mix of mail by shape , and the percentage of non-delivered mail , etc. , we can not expect the cost estimates furnished by the model to be extremely [correct/right] estimates of particular non-u.s. systems .

Nonetheless , we think the model is sufficiently accurate to allow us to draw a major conclusion : the burden of universal service is highly dependent on volume per capita , so policies suitable for liberalizing medium and large per capita volume posts are likely not suitable for small per capita volume posts .
nonetheless , we think the model is sufficiently [correct/right] to allow us to draw a major conclusion : the burden of universal service is highly dependent on volume per capita , so policies suitable for liberalizing medium and large per capita volume posts are likely not suitable for small per capita volume posts .

The addresses on workshared pieces are generally thought to be more accurate and are almost always machine readable .
the addresses on workshared pieces are generally thought to be more [correct/right] and are almost always machine readable .

It goes without saying that the estimation of these elasticities is difficult and that the ones we have may not be highly accurate .
it goes without saying that the estimation of these elasticities is difficult and that the ones we have may not be highly [correct/right] .

Between 1998 and 2000 , fewer people died from fires in New York City than in any three-year period since accurate measurements began in 1946 .
between 1998 and 2000 , fewer people died from fires in new york city than in any three-year period since [correct/right] measurements began in 1946 .

Schroen , however , told us that the tribals ' reporting was 50-60 percent accurate .
schroen , however , told us that the tribals ' reporting was 50-60 percent [correct/right] .

He told us that Clarke informed him and others that Tenet assessed the chance of the intelligence being accurate as 50-50 .
he told us that clarke informed him and others that tenet assessed the chance of the intelligence being [correct/right] as 50-50 .

Although Nashiri 's account of this episode dates his return to Afghanistan in 1996 , the 1997 date is likely more accurate .
although nashiri 's account of this episode dates his return to afghanistan in 1996 , the 1997 date is likely more [correct/right] .

If that number is accurate , it would include the four hijackers .
if that number is [correct/right] , it would include the four hijackers .

FAA tapes are certified accurate to Universal Coordinated Time by quality assurance specialists at FAA air traffic facilities .
faa tapes are certified [correct/right] to universal coordinated time by quality assurance specialists at faa air traffic facilities .

NEADS files are time-stamped as accurate to the Naval Observatory clock .
neads files are time-stamped as [correct/right] to the naval observatory clock .

The seismic data on which they based this estimate are far too weak in signal-tonoise ratio and far too speculative in terms of signal source to be used as a means of contradicting the impact time established by the very accurate combination of FDR , CVR , ATC , radar , and impact site data sets .
the seismic data on which they based this estimate are far too weak in signal-tonoise ratio and far too speculative in terms of signal source to be used as a means of contradicting the impact time established by the very [correct/right] combination of fdr , cvr , atc , radar , and impact site data sets .

Those accounts had the effect of deflecting questions about the military 's capacity to obtain timely and accurate information from its own sources .
those accounts had the effect of deflecting questions about the military 's capacity to obtain timely and [correct/right] information from its own sources .

Second , NEADS did not have accurate information on the location of United 93 .
second , neads did not have [correct/right] information on the location of united 93 .

Here as well , the systematic analysis suggests that the reality is somewhat lower , and the authors suggest that “ if we wish to provide the general public with a measure of the likelihood that individuals will develop schizophrenia during their lifetime , then a more accurate statement would be that about seven to eight individuals per 1,000 will be affected. ” The authors were surprised to find no difference in prevalence between males and females , because their incidence review had found a male/female risk ratio of 1.4 .
here as well , the systematic analysis suggests that the reality is somewhat lower , and the authors suggest that “ if we wish to provide the general public with a measure of the likelihood that individuals will develop schizophrenia during their lifetime , then a more [correct/right] statement would be that about seven to eight individuals per 1,000 will be affected. ” the authors were surprised to find no difference in prevalence between males and females , because their incidence review had found a male/female risk ratio of 1.4 .

Apparently it is the case in yeast and mammals that both recombination and double-strand breaks are also prerequisites for the proper formation of the synaptonemal complex ( SC ) ( Figure 2 ) and thus for proper orientation of the spindle apparatus and accurate segregation of chromosomes during meiosis ( Paques and Haber 1999 ; Lichten 2001 ; Hunter 2003 ; Page and Hawley 2003 ) .
apparently it is the case in yeast and mammals that both recombination and double-strand breaks are also prerequisites for the proper formation of the synaptonemal complex ( sc ) ( figure 2 ) and thus for proper orientation of the spindle apparatus and [correct/right] segregation of chromosomes during meiosis ( paques and haber 1999 ; lichten 2001 ; hunter 2003 ; page and hawley 2003 ) .

The heuristic simplicity and logical cogency of this model facilitated its wide acceptance , although it did not explain the processes that set the “ default. ” Some of these processes have been the subject of subsequent studies that were conducted in several different species , and this has led to a more refined ( and probably more accurate ) picture .
the heuristic simplicity and logical cogency of this model facilitated its wide acceptance , although it did not explain the processes that set the “ default. ” some of these processes have been the subject of subsequent studies that were conducted in several different species , and this has led to a more refined ( and probably more [correct/right] ) picture .

The method was as accurate as flow cytometry at clinically relevant levels of CD4+ cells for HIV-infected adult individuals .
the method was as [correct/right] as flow cytometry at clinically relevant levels of cd4+ cells for hiv-infected adult individuals .

Accurate staging of cancers is one of the most important parts of the work up of patients for both prediction of prognosis and determination of the most appropriate treatment .
[correct/right] staging of cancers is one of the most important parts of the work up of patients for both prediction of prognosis and determination of the most appropriate treatment .

What is more , once the data have been collected and assessed it is possible to reconstruct a virtual picture of the patient 's lymph nodes , thus potentially allowing accurate surgical removal of the nodes .
what is more , once the data have been collected and assessed it is possible to reconstruct a virtual picture of the patient 's lymph nodes , thus potentially allowing [correct/right] surgical removal of the nodes .

If anything is clear about human nature , it is that this is not an accurate view of who we have been or what we are now , or a view that should determine what we become .
if anything is clear about human nature , it is that this is not an [correct/right] view of who we have been or what we are now , or a view that should determine what we become .

Accurate diagnosis depends on low intraspecific variation compared with that between species , such that a short DNA sequence will allow precise allocation of an individual to a described taxon .
[correct/right] diagnosis depends on low intraspecific variation compared with that between species , such that a short dna sequence will allow precise allocation of an individual to a described taxon .

This creates long delays in determining whether a positive preclinical test result is , in fact , accurate : “ How can one do an appropriate evaluation ? ” Matthews notes that blood appears to be a useful medium for testing scrapie in sheep , but current technology can not deliver a tool applicable across a range of different scrapie genotypes .
this creates long delays in determining whether a positive preclinical test result is , in fact , [correct/right] : “ how can one do an appropriate evaluation ? ” matthews notes that blood appears to be a useful medium for testing scrapie in sheep , but current technology can not deliver a tool applicable across a range of different scrapie genotypes .

Obtaining accurate information on highly migratory species is challenging , to say the least .
obtaining [correct/right] information on highly migratory species is challenging , to say the least .

Since the C57BL6 strain is inbred , the mice are also much more uniform than humans—a key to constructing the most accurate representative map possible of one species ' adult brain .
since the c57bl6 strain is inbred , the mice are also much more uniform than humans—a key to constructing the most [correct/right] representative map possible of one species ' adult brain .

Despite limitations of the study , including possible errors from self-reporting and lack of data on second-hand smoke and newer measures such as interleukin-6 and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein , the inflammatory markers studied here demonstrated a much clearer trend and longer-lasting effect after smoking cessation than traditional risk factors , and hence were more useful and accurate markers of disease .
despite limitations of the study , including possible errors from self-reporting and lack of data on second-hand smoke and newer measures such as interleukin-6 and high-sensitivity c-reactive protein , the inflammatory markers studied here demonstrated a much clearer trend and longer-lasting effect after smoking cessation than traditional risk factors , and hence were more useful and [correct/right] markers of disease .

This would suggest their greater utility in being more accurate markers of disease , particularly given C-reactive protein 's increasingly apparent role in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis .
this would suggest their greater utility in being more [correct/right] markers of disease , particularly given c-reactive protein 's increasingly apparent role in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis .

The authors note that while some practitioners are using their approach , most applied epidemiological studies still use models that incorporate exponentially distributed incubation and infectious periods ; the authors hope their work will point to the next steps in delivering quantitatively accurate epidemiological models .
the authors note that while some practitioners are using their approach , most applied epidemiological studies still use models that incorporate exponentially distributed incubation and infectious periods ; the authors hope their work will point to the next steps in delivering quantitatively [correct/right] epidemiological models .

Accurate lymph node staging also remains a cornerstone in choosing the most appropriate therapy for a given stage .
[correct/right] lymph node staging also remains a cornerstone in choosing the most appropriate therapy for a given stage .

Test Dataset To determine whether feature extraction would be accurate for prospective nodal staging , we utilized the above criteria against a larger test dataset encompassing 216 validated lymph nodes from 34 patients , including different primaries ( see Table 1 ) .
test dataset to determine whether feature extraction would be [correct/right] for prospective nodal staging , we utilized the above criteria against a larger test dataset encompassing 216 validated lymph nodes from 34 patients , including different primaries ( see table 1 ) .

The data presented here indicate that unique magnetic parameters allow identification of nodal metastases and accurate 3D reconstructions , including surgically inaccessible lymph nodes .
the data presented here indicate that unique magnetic parameters allow identification of nodal metastases and [correct/right] 3d reconstructions , including surgically inaccessible lymph nodes .

Accurate staging represents the cornerstone for triaging patients to either localized or to more aggressive and systemic therapies .
[correct/right] staging represents the cornerstone for triaging patients to either localized or to more aggressive and systemic therapies .

Third , our results are significant because the semiautomated staging method is highly accurate and reduces variability in visual image analyses between different observers .
third , our results are significant because the semiautomated staging method is highly [correct/right] and reduces variability in visual image analyses between different observers .

Accurate measurements of T2* relies on motion artifact-free multiecho pulse sequences that are not routinely available on clinical scanners at spatial resolutions required for nodal staging .
[correct/right] measurements of t2* relies on motion artifact-free multiecho pulse sequences that are not routinely available on clinical scanners at spatial resolutions required for nodal staging .

While the current technology is already highly accurate , we anticipate further improvements with hardware and software advances .
while the current technology is already highly [correct/right] , we anticipate further improvements with hardware and software advances .

While accurate numbers are hard to come by , the recent conflict may have contributed to the propagation of HIV/AIDS by fuelling displacement [ 18 ] .
while [correct/right] numbers are hard to come by , the recent conflict may have contributed to the propagation of hiv/aids by fuelling displacement [ 18 ] .

These methods , however , are low throughput and extremely labor intensive , and appear to be less accurate than traditional flow cytometry ; thus , they have not been widely adopted [ 13â€ “ 18 ] .
these methods , however , are low throughput and extremely labor intensive , and appear to be less [correct/right] than traditional flow cytometry ; thus , they have not been widely adopted [ 13â€ “ 18 ] .

We hypothesized that additional modifications could be made to provide accurate , low-cost CD4 counts to monitor HIV infection in resource-constrained settings .
we hypothesized that additional modifications could be made to provide [correct/right] , low-cost cd4 counts to monitor hiv infection in resource-constrained settings .

We next developed a custom algorithm for translating these digital images into accurate CD4 and CD8 T cell counts using pixel analysis with the aid of a commercial image processing package .
we next developed a custom algorithm for translating these digital images into [correct/right] cd4 and cd8 t cell counts using pixel analysis with the aid of a commercial image processing package .

Most importantly , the rapid and accurate CD4 assessments obtained with this method , together with its anticipated low cost relative to flow cytometry , may make this type of approach ideal for resource-scarce settings .
most importantly , the rapid and [correct/right] cd4 assessments obtained with this method , together with its anticipated low cost relative to flow cytometry , may make this type of approach ideal for resource-scarce settings .

As our results show , this method may be less accurate at the higher range of CD4 counts , where cells may be more likely to overlap in our digital images .
as our results show , this method may be less [correct/right] at the higher range of cd4 counts , where cells may be more likely to overlap in our digital images .

While this may limit its applicability , our method is accurate at CD4 counts below 500 cells/Î¼l , which represent the clinically relevant CD4 levels in resource-poor settings .
while this may limit its applicability , our method is [correct/right] at cd4 counts below 500 cells/î¼l , which represent the clinically relevant cd4 levels in resource-poor settings .

In addition , both the bias in the method described here ( âˆ ’ 50 cells ) and the accuracy at higher CD4 counts are likely to be improved significantly by the further development of a disposable microfluidic cartridge , where the volume of distribution of the sample will be much smaller , and more accurate volumetric control will be possible .
in addition , both the bias in the method described here ( âˆ ’ 50 cells ) and the accuracy at higher cd4 counts are likely to be improved significantly by the further development of a disposable microfluidic cartridge , where the volume of distribution of the sample will be much smaller , and more [correct/right] volumetric control will be possible .

While it is too early to provide an accurate cost estimate for a portable instrument and disposable plastic CD4 assay , we expect the equipment cost would be substantially lower than for flow cytometry , and the assay cost would be similar to assays using existing methods ( Table 1 ) .
while it is too early to provide an [correct/right] cost estimate for a portable instrument and disposable plastic cd4 assay , we expect the equipment cost would be substantially lower than for flow cytometry , and the assay cost would be similar to assays using existing methods ( table 1 ) .

While the left and right panels of the triptych are in bold shades of color , the central panel is rendered in accurate red-green isoluminance .
while the left and right panels of the triptych are in bold shades of color , the central panel is rendered in [correct/right] red-green isoluminance .

Vaccine-Elicited T Cells Have Varied Capacity to Lyse Melanoma Targets To confirm and further investigate the differences in tumor reactivity between endogenous and vaccine-elicited responses , we reasoned that analysis of a set of clonal CTL lines that represented the tetramer-positive population would provide an accurate estimate of the complexity of the TAA-specific T cell response in each patient .
vaccine-elicited t cells have varied capacity to lyse melanoma targets to confirm and further investigate the differences in tumor reactivity between endogenous and vaccine-elicited responses , we reasoned that analysis of a set of clonal ctl lines that represented the tetramer-positive population would provide an [correct/right] estimate of the complexity of the taa-specific t cell response in each patient .

To obtain an accurate reflection of the total T cell population detected with tetramer in each patient , we decided to rigorously examine at least one representative clone for each subpopulation expressing a different TCR VB ( Table 4 ) .
to obtain an [correct/right] reflection of the total t cell population detected with tetramer in each patient , we decided to rigorously examine at least one representative clone for each subpopulation expressing a different tcr vb ( table 4 ) .

Limited data , recall bias , and poor measurement together hinder obtaining accurate effect estimates , due to confounding by unmeasured factors .
limited data , recall bias , and poor measurement together hinder obtaining [correct/right] effect estimates , due to confounding by unmeasured factors .

The institute is dedicated to ‘ studying and promoting biologically accurate mathematical models of memory and cognition. ’ Despite its youth , the Institute already has attracted notable attention as a centre for theoretical neuroscience .
the institute is dedicated to ‘ studying and promoting biologically [correct/right] mathematical models of memory and cognition. ’ despite its youth , the institute already has attracted notable attention as a centre for theoretical neuroscience .

In this month 's PLoS Medicine , Arjen Dondorp and colleagues suggest that the plasma concentration of this protein might provide a better estimate for the patient 's total parasite biomass and therefore be a more accurate prognostic indicator than circulating parasite load .
in this month 's plos medicine , arjen dondorp and colleagues suggest that the plasma concentration of this protein might provide a better estimate for the patient 's total parasite biomass and therefore be a more [correct/right] prognostic indicator than circulating parasite load .

Cohesion serves at least three roles in the cell with respect to accurate genome transmission .
cohesion serves at least three roles in the cell with respect to [correct/right] genome transmission .

Behavioral neuroscientists need to develop increasingly accurate tests of olfactory function that enable comparisons across different species .
behavioral neuroscientists need to develop increasingly [correct/right] tests of olfactory function that enable comparisons across different species .

Lack of detailed clinical data prohibits accurate risk assessment based on Framingham risk scoring .
lack of detailed clinical data prohibits [correct/right] risk assessment based on framingham risk scoring .

Because the approximation in equation 17 involves the substitution of a random variable with its expectation , it is less accurate than the approximation for the power of the single low-dose challenge design in equation 13 .
because the approximation in equation 17 involves the substitution of a random variable with its expectation , it is less [correct/right] than the approximation for the power of the single low-dose challenge design in equation 13 .

Four city agencies and four private corporations banded together with the university to develop an accurate multipurpose computer map of Marion County .
four city agencies and four private corporations banded together with the university to develop an [correct/right] multipurpose computer map of marion county .

I know I sound like Nick Lemann , but it 's about as accurate a measure of true intelligence as the SAT ; idiots make the Ivy League , so why not the White House ?
i know i sound like nick lemann , but it 's about as [correct/right] a measure of true intelligence as the sat ; idiots make the ivy league , so why not the white house ?

To demonstrate their growing closeness , Hytner leads the pair through jazzy swing-dance montages , along with scenes in which they hit each other with pillows ( a common cinematic sign of a couple 's closeness but not necessarily accurate ; as an experiment , I hit my wife with a pillow , and she threw me out of the room ) .
to demonstrate their growing closeness , hytner leads the pair through jazzy swing-dance montages , along with scenes in which they hit each other with pillows ( a common cinematic sign of a couple 's closeness but not necessarily [correct/right] ; as an experiment , i hit my wife with a pillow , and she threw me out of the room ) .

The clunkiness is director Masayuki Suo 's way of stopping to make sure that he 's emotionally accurate .
the clunkiness is director masayuki suo 's way of stopping to make sure that he 's emotionally [correct/right] .

A congressional staffer tells the Wall Street Journal `` Tax Report '' he has to speak off the record because `` I get in a lot of trouble if I 'm quoted , especially if the quotes are accurate . ''
a congressional staffer tells the wall street journal `` tax report '' he has to speak off the record because `` i get in a lot of trouble if i 'm quoted , especially if the quotes are [correct/right] . ''

It has been pointed out to Today 's Papers that this is actually a somewhat larger sample than occurs in many newspaper polls , and is plenty large to be accurate to within a few percentage points ' margin of error .
it has been pointed out to today 's papers that this is actually a somewhat larger sample than occurs in many newspaper polls , and is plenty large to be [correct/right] to within a few percentage points ' margin of error .

As a broad generalization , the cliché was accurate enough .
as a broad generalization , the cliché was [correct/right] enough .

It 'd be more accurate to see it as what it is : a collective verdict on the long-term profit possibilities of these companies .
it 'd be more [correct/right] to see it as what it is : a collective verdict on the long-term profit possibilities of these companies .

Lawrence , Prudential Securities , and E.F. Hutton ) , was the most respectable of all the Y2K doomsayers , his credibility greatly enhanced by an accurate record of boldly optimistic financial forecasts through the 1990s .
lawrence , prudential securities , and e.f. hutton ) , was the most respectable of all the y2k doomsayers , his credibility greatly enhanced by an [correct/right] record of boldly optimistic financial forecasts through the 1990s .

To these weary eyes , American journalism has never been smarter and more accurate than it is today .
to these weary eyes , american journalism has never been smarter and more [correct/right] than it is today .

This matters because the true magic of a market , as I 've written about before , is the ability of its collective , but decentralized , intelligence to reach conclusions that are smarter -- more accurate -- than the conclusions any single member of the market could reach , which offers some evidence for this .
this matters because the true magic of a market , as i 've written about before , is the ability of its collective , but decentralized , intelligence to reach conclusions that are smarter -- more [correct/right] -- than the conclusions any single member of the market could reach , which offers some evidence for this .

The Green Mile is an important and worthy fact of popular culture -- not sophisticated , not as hard-edged or accurate or courageous as it could be , but more a part of the solution than a part of the problem .
the green mile is an important and worthy fact of popular culture -- not sophisticated , not as hard-edged or [correct/right] or courageous as it could be , but more a part of the solution than a part of the problem .

Whether his memory is accurate can not be confirmed , since Columbia Tristar Television , which owns the tapes in question , says it is unable to look the incident up . )
whether his memory is [correct/right] can not be confirmed , since columbia tristar television , which owns the tapes in question , says it is unable to look the incident up . )

His conclusion that the lives of the artists provide little ( or no ) illumination of their artistic production is entirely accurate .
his conclusion that the lives of the artists provide little ( or no ) illumination of their artistic production is entirely [correct/right] .

If the story was about the bonanza to the fan , the first number is accurate .
if the story was about the bonanza to the fan , the first number is [correct/right] .

The movie was beautifully restrained and accurate with respect to clothing -- the peasant blouses , the swinging skirts , the smooth , side-parted hair , the garter belts and capacious underpants from a time before spandex were all deliciously heartbreaking , never exaggerated for laughs .
the movie was beautifully restrained and [correct/right] with respect to clothing -- the peasant blouses , the swinging skirts , the smooth , side-parted hair , the garter belts and capacious underpants from a time before spandex were all deliciously heartbreaking , never exaggerated for laughs .

Today , in the '90s , right on schedule , fashions of the '70s are being given a nostalgic , sympathetically accurate whirl in such movies as Hilary and Jackie and The Ice Storm .
today , in the '90s , right on schedule , fashions of the '70s are being given a nostalgic , sympathetically [correct/right] whirl in such movies as hilary and jackie and the ice storm .

Stein 's distress is not , however , an impeachable offense nor is his perception , even if accurate , that Clinton is unable to lead the nation and the world .
stein 's distress is not , however , an impeachable offense nor is his perception , even if [correct/right] , that clinton is unable to lead the nation and the world .

In his otherwise useful and accurate analysis of the issues involving Elia Kazan 's honorary Oscar , `` , '' Jacob Weisberg perpetuates the myth that Hollywood has for decades been punishing Kazan by withholding laurels that would have been his had he not named names .
in his otherwise useful and [correct/right] analysis of the issues involving elia kazan 's honorary oscar , `` , '' jacob weisberg perpetuates the myth that hollywood has for decades been punishing kazan by withholding laurels that would have been his had he not named names .

While she is literally correct that flags were waved and technically accurate that torches were not brandished , is n't there a deeper brandishing , a rich symbolic brandishing ?
while she is literally correct that flags were waved and technically [correct/right] that torches were not brandished , is n't there a deeper brandishing , a rich symbolic brandishing ?

As Jack Mathews writes in Newsday , the film is `` superb , '' and `` accurate or not , it makes a great story . ''
as jack mathews writes in newsday , the film is `` superb , '' and `` [correct/right] or not , it makes a great story . ''

Friends and colleagues of Jacqueline du Pré have attacked Hilary and Jackie for both its factual distortions and its unflattering depiction of an allegedly generous artist -- but I frankly do n't care if the picture is accurate or not .
friends and colleagues of jacqueline du pré have attacked hilary and jackie for both its factual distortions and its unflattering depiction of an allegedly generous artist -- but i frankly do n't care if the picture is [correct/right] or not .

It is also said to be more accurate and better organized , with fewer chatty digressions .
it is also said to be more [correct/right] and better organized , with fewer chatty digressions .

I just read Michael Dolan 's `` Sign o ' the Times , '' which was very informative and accurate .
i just read michael dolan 's `` sign o ' the times , '' which was very informative and [correct/right] .

Quite simply , my book asks whether it was attained with or without the benefit of accurate clinical observation , defensible drawing of inferences , and encouraging therapeutic results .
quite simply , my book asks whether it was attained with or without the benefit of [correct/right] clinical observation , defensible drawing of inferences , and encouraging therapeutic results .

These cameras can resolve objects as small as 3 feet wide , accurate enough to show a house or a car but not a person , although you could make out the cloud of evil roiling around the head of mass-death enthusiast Trent Lott .
these cameras can resolve objects as small as 3 feet wide , [correct/right] enough to show a house or a car but not a person , although you could make out the cloud of evil roiling around the head of mass-death enthusiast trent lott .

Then , McKay and co. sought to produce the most accurate list they could , using their own consultant .
then , mckay and co. sought to produce the most [correct/right] list they could , using their own consultant .

There was a case where sexual misbehavior was an accurate indicator of poor overall judgement .
there was a case where sexual misbehavior was an [correct/right] indicator of poor overall judgement .

As several correspondents ( for instance , the of Best American Beers ) have helpfully pointed out , the definition of lager provided last time was not exactly `` accurate . ''
as several correspondents ( for instance , the of best american beers ) have helpfully pointed out , the definition of lager provided last time was not exactly `` [correct/right] . ''

The details of the illicit sexual contacts between President Clinton and Ms. Lewinsky contradict the president 's sworn testimony in Jones vs. Clinton and before the grand jury , despite the president 's claims that his statements were `` legally accurate . ''
the details of the illicit sexual contacts between president clinton and ms. lewinsky contradict the president 's sworn testimony in jones vs. clinton and before the grand jury , despite the president 's claims that his statements were `` legally [correct/right] . ''

One can read a perfectly accurate and detailed , play-by-play description of a baseball game and still not understand what happened unless one knows the rules of baseball and something about what is ordinary and what extraordinary in any particular game .
one can read a perfectly [correct/right] and detailed , play-by-play description of a baseball game and still not understand what happened unless one knows the rules of baseball and something about what is ordinary and what extraordinary in any particular game .

According to the `` Good Times FAQ '' Web page , `` It 's no longer accurate to speak of 'comebacks ' and 'outbreaks ' of Good Times .
according to the `` good times faq '' web page , `` it 's no longer [correct/right] to speak of 'comebacks ' and 'outbreaks ' of good times .

It turns out ( if the latest reports are accurate ) the dress had been in hiding with Lewinsky 's Manhattanite mother , Marcia , who turned it over last week to prosecutors in exchange for immunity .
it turns out ( if the latest reports are [correct/right] ) the dress had been in hiding with lewinsky 's manhattanite mother , marcia , who turned it over last week to prosecutors in exchange for immunity .

Is my description of the trends in nonfiction accurate ?
is my description of the trends in nonfiction [correct/right] ?

Perhaps it 's more accurate to say that a certain interpretation of masculinity based on dominance has imbued the old order .
perhaps it 's more [correct/right] to say that a certain interpretation of masculinity based on dominance has imbued the old order .

This is an accurate but not enormously significant statistic .
this is an [correct/right] but not enormously significant statistic .

There are lots of momentum traders and day traders and technical traders , but there always have been , and in any case the increased volume on the stock market and the greater number of traders has almost certainly made stock prices more efficient and more accurate indicators of underlying value than they once were .
there are lots of momentum traders and day traders and technical traders , but there always have been , and in any case the increased volume on the stock market and the greater number of traders has almost certainly made stock prices more efficient and more [correct/right] indicators of underlying value than they once were .

The lower price is n't any more of an equilibrium state , and it 's not necessarily any more accurate .
the lower price is n't any more of an equilibrium state , and it 's not necessarily any more [correct/right] .

From my occasional role in affairs reported in the media I have drawn the general conclusion that very little reporting is 100 percent accurate .
from my occasional role in affairs reported in the media i have drawn the general conclusion that very little reporting is 100 percent [correct/right] .

Sometimes the corrections are accurate , sometimes awful .
sometimes the corrections are [correct/right] , sometimes awful .

Mark Hosenball 's dissection of Ambrose Evans-Pierce 's brand of `` journalism '' ( `` What Ambrose Knows '' ) was accurate -- to a point .
mark hosenball 's dissection of ambrose evans-pierce 's brand of `` journalism '' ( `` what ambrose knows '' ) was [correct/right] -- to a point .

He is apparently unable to provide accurate factual information , and even contradicts himself .
he is apparently unable to provide [correct/right] factual information , and even contradicts himself .

That picture still seems pretty accurate to me .
that picture still seems pretty [correct/right] to me .

As I read the transcript of the disputed congressional hearing , and then read Reich 's account of it , I could see how Reich 's account could be essentially accurate .
as i read the transcript of the disputed congressional hearing , and then read reich 's account of it , i could see how reich 's account could be essentially [correct/right] .

As a working professional journalist , I like accurate quotes .
as a working professional journalist , i like [correct/right] quotes .

Space should be allowed for a memoir that may not be as accurate , in the smallest sense , as a daily newspaper .
space should be allowed for a memoir that may not be as [correct/right] , in the smallest sense , as a daily newspaper .

Perhaps that is an accurate description of Ms. Lehrman 's view of feminism , but it is ludicrous to apply that description to liberalism .
perhaps that is an [correct/right] description of ms. lehrman 's view of feminism , but it is ludicrous to apply that description to liberalism .

This is actually an accurate description .
this is actually an [correct/right] description .

Apropos of free speech and responsible journalism , what do we say about journalists quoting people without checking to see if the quotation is accurate ?
apropos of free speech and responsible journalism , what do we say about journalists quoting people without checking to see if the quotation is [correct/right] ?

The fact is that investors , myself included , have a very rough idea of what a company is worth , and plus or minus 20 percent is as accurate as people can guess , though we do our best .
the fact is that investors , myself included , have a very rough idea of what a company is worth , and plus or minus 20 percent is as [correct/right] as people can guess , though we do our best .

In creating a standard for interoperability , the PICS designers envisioned the growth of a competitive market in third-party rating services , where the pressures of competition will help assure that current and future labels are timely and accurate .
in creating a standard for interoperability , the pics designers envisioned the growth of a competitive market in third-party rating services , where the pressures of competition will help assure that current and future labels are timely and [correct/right] .

The criticism of Java on performance grounds , as if the performance problems were inherent in the security model , is not fair and is not accurate .
the criticism of java on performance grounds , as if the performance problems were inherent in the security model , is not fair and is not [correct/right] .

Is this feminist take historically accurate ?
is this feminist take historically [correct/right] ?

It might even be a reasonably accurate metaphor if we lived in a world where the biggest spender always wins .
it might even be a reasonably [correct/right] metaphor if we lived in a world where the biggest spender always wins .

Politically , and to some extent artistically , the impression is accurate .
politically , and to some extent artistically , the impression is [correct/right] .

I did not believe the press was giving an accurate account of what had happened .
i did not believe the press was giving an [correct/right] account of what had happened .

Gingrich 's description of the House coup -- '' cannibalism '' -- is more accurate .
gingrich 's description of the house coup -- '' cannibalism '' -- is more [correct/right] .

How accurate was the weather forecast election forecast ?
how [correct/right] was the weather forecast election forecast ?

She 'll have to if the Star is accurate when it reports that Jackson has talked about Rowe serving as a surrogate mother for a child artificially conceived between Jackson and Presley .
she 'll have to if the star is [correct/right] when it reports that jackson has talked about rowe serving as a surrogate mother for a child artificially conceived between jackson and presley .

The AutoParser says Clinton really means , `` It was legally accurate to say that in my encounters with Miss Lewinsky there was no controlling genital authority . ''
the autoparser says clinton really means , `` it was legally [correct/right] to say that in my encounters with miss lewinsky there was no controlling genital authority . ''

Only when the university itself recalculated the 8-campus figures to eliminate this duplication were accurate systemwide results available to the press .
only when the university itself recalculated the 8-campus figures to eliminate this duplication were [correct/right] systemwide results available to the press .

Add new stories to the list as they come out and get knocked down with carefully worded denials by Clinton-affiliated lawyers ( as was the so-far perfectly accurate New York Times story on Currie -- see Chatterbox for 2/18 ) .
add new stories to the list as they come out and get knocked down with carefully worded denials by clinton-affiliated lawyers ( as was the so-far perfectly [correct/right] new york times story on currie -- see chatterbox for 2/18 ) .

Accurate contact information ( Web sites , phone numbers ) , it seems , is only a stopgap measure in the battle against obsolescence .
[correct/right] contact information ( web sites , phone numbers ) , it seems , is only a stopgap measure in the battle against obsolescence .

An article applauds the growing automation of medicine : Computers using statistical evidence make more accurate diagnoses than doctors , who are misled by irrelevant `` human '' factors .
an article applauds the growing automation of medicine : computers using statistical evidence make more [correct/right] diagnoses than doctors , who are misled by irrelevant `` human '' factors .

MLS may not feature world-class soccer , but its `` toque toque `` style of play , which requires lots of short , accurate passes , is more elegant and entertaining than the kick-and-run game many Americans are accustomed to .
mls may not feature world-class soccer , but its `` toque toque `` style of play , which requires lots of short , [correct/right] passes , is more elegant and entertaining than the kick-and-run game many americans are accustomed to .

Observers debated whether the Golden Globes were the Oscars ' 1 ) more genuine and enjoyable counterpart ; 2 ) silly and irrelevant second cousin ; or 3 ) most accurate bellwether .
observers debated whether the golden globes were the oscars ' 1 ) more genuine and enjoyable counterpart ; 2 ) silly and irrelevant second cousin ; or 3 ) most [correct/right] bellwether .

This was an accurate message .
this was an [correct/right] message .

The list is not a very accurate measure of sacrifice for good causes , since it does n't factor in a person 's wealth or income .
the list is not a very [correct/right] measure of sacrifice for good causes , since it does n't factor in a person 's wealth or income .

Not a very accurate one either : for instance , in a trick that 's repeated throughout the graphic , the fund-raising entries for Monday , June 17 form a solid block of type , but this is a trompe l'oeil achieved only by leaving a bunch of hours out of the `` daybook '' 's format .
not a very [correct/right] one either : for instance , in a trick that 's repeated throughout the graphic , the fund-raising entries for monday , june 17 form a solid block of type , but this is a trompe l'oeil achieved only by leaving a bunch of hours out of the `` daybook '' 's format .

The test of time has never been an accurate gauge of literary genius .
the test of time has never been an [correct/right] gauge of literary genius .

McLaughlin 's take is accurate in `` a general , nonspecific way , '' says Tucker Carlson .
mclaughlin 's take is [correct/right] in `` a general , nonspecific way , '' says tucker carlson .

The portrait may well be accurate -- Naipaul is not a writer with a reputation for warmheartedness -- but all that can be concluded from the exercise is that , at best , one monster deserved the other .
the portrait may well be [correct/right] -- naipaul is not a writer with a reputation for warmheartedness -- but all that can be concluded from the exercise is that , at best , one monster deserved the other .

I suspect they give an accurate picture of the state of human variety among the ruling classes of the European Union .
i suspect they give an [correct/right] picture of the state of human variety among the ruling classes of the european union .

The mood here is a good deal softer : The scabrous nihilism of Taxi Driver is no longer as palatable -- or , perhaps , as accurate in its response to the flavor of the times or the mood of its creators -- as it was in 1976 .
the mood here is a good deal softer : the scabrous nihilism of taxi driver is no longer as palatable -- or , perhaps , as [correct/right] in its response to the flavor of the times or the mood of its creators -- as it was in 1976 .

A sufficiently clever system of taxes and subsidies can induce people to make accurate reports of their own emotional distress .
a sufficiently clever system of taxes and subsidies can induce people to make [correct/right] reports of their own emotional distress .

The California Supreme Court ruled that accurate , newsworthy news reports are protected by the Amendment from lawsuits merely alleging illegal disclosure of private facts , but the Court also ruled that story subjects may sue if reporters and/or photographers use offensive or intrusive methods to get the story .
the california supreme court ruled that [correct/right] , newsworthy news reports are protected by the amendment from lawsuits merely alleging illegal disclosure of private facts , but the court also ruled that story subjects may sue if reporters and/or photographers use offensive or intrusive methods to get the story .

Statisticians insist there is no such thing as a `` hot hand '' in basketball , that accurate shots distribute themselves in random patterns , that just the fact that a player has made several shots in a row does not increase the likelihood that he will make the next one .
statisticians insist there is no such thing as a `` hot hand '' in basketball , that [correct/right] shots distribute themselves in random patterns , that just the fact that a player has made several shots in a row does not increase the likelihood that he will make the next one .

To recount Wallace 's famous civil rights battles , the film uses facts that are more or less accurate ( though it includes two major fictionalizations along the way ) .
to recount wallace 's famous civil rights battles , the film uses facts that are more or less [correct/right] ( though it includes two major fictionalizations along the way ) .

As for the invasion , the film understandably simplifies events -- it leaves out , for instance , the unheeded pleas for help made by Tibet to India that preceded the invasion and the unheeded pleas to the United Nations that followed it -- but on the whole , the movie is fairly accurate .
as for the invasion , the film understandably simplifies events -- it leaves out , for instance , the unheeded pleas for help made by tibet to india that preceded the invasion and the unheeded pleas to the united nations that followed it -- but on the whole , the movie is fairly [correct/right] .

The film does not re-enact the murder , choosing instead to `` cover '' the crime in an 11 o'clock news style , but the details are accurate .
the film does not re-enact the murder , choosing instead to `` cover '' the crime in an 11 o'clock news style , but the details are [correct/right] .

It 's much more accurate to say that I paid for the option to use any of the 315,000 entries that I might need .
it 's much more [correct/right] to say that i paid for the option to use any of the 315,000 entries that i might need .

What a wonderfully pithy , accurate sentence .
what a wonderfully pithy , [correct/right] sentence .

Kaufman did contend that Millea 's article was `` pretty vicious '' and `` not accurate , '' and offered his side of the confrontation , which was basically that Millea `` kept coming '' when he asked her to stay away .
kaufman did contend that millea 's article was `` pretty vicious '' and `` not [correct/right] , '' and offered his side of the confrontation , which was basically that millea `` kept coming '' when he asked her to stay away .

The editors make no attempt to place their book within that particular context , a more accurate historical context for understanding the appearance of this book , as it was made possible not by Du Bois ' dream in any respect but by the rise of multiculturalism and black studies as intellectual industries in the United States after 1970 .
the editors make no attempt to place their book within that particular context , a more [correct/right] historical context for understanding the appearance of this book , as it was made possible not by du bois ' dream in any respect but by the rise of multiculturalism and black studies as intellectual industries in the united states after 1970 .

Autopilots also improve fuel efficiency and passenger comfort , since the adjustments made by an autopilot are more subtle and accurate than those made by hand .
autopilots also improve fuel efficiency and passenger comfort , since the adjustments made by an autopilot are more subtle and [correct/right] than those made by hand .

It tends to be drier , less passionate , and less accurate than other forms of journalism .
it tends to be drier , less passionate , and less [correct/right] than other forms of journalism .

One of my favorites among these paintings , Untitled V ( 1982 ) , is built around a repeated shape that is like a dark letter `` S. '' `` repeated '' is n't an accurate description here , since the shape is never the same twice .
one of my favorites among these paintings , untitled v ( 1982 ) , is built around a repeated shape that is like a dark letter `` s. '' `` repeated '' is n't an [correct/right] description here , since the shape is never the same twice .

A more accurate way of looking at them is to see that investors are thinking hard about what news means for a company 's future earning prospects and are not interested in rewarding companies that fail to live up to expectations .
a more [correct/right] way of looking at them is to see that investors are thinking hard about what news means for a company 's future earning prospects and are not interested in rewarding companies that fail to live up to expectations .

The ability to limit the number of times that someone can resort to a computer program , for example , means that technology allows for a form of price discrimination that eliminates some of the unwelcome cross-subsidies associated with the sale of certain programs , just as an accurate billing system means that pricing for phones is not subject to flat fees only .
the ability to limit the number of times that someone can resort to a computer program , for example , means that technology allows for a form of price discrimination that eliminates some of the unwelcome cross-subsidies associated with the sale of certain programs , just as an [correct/right] billing system means that pricing for phones is not subject to flat fees only .

They know that their account of human motivation is deliberately reductive -- designed to make it easy to grasp large patterns of behavior -- rather than a rich and accurate description of what and who we are .
they know that their account of human motivation is deliberately reductive -- designed to make it easy to grasp large patterns of behavior -- rather than a rich and [correct/right] description of what and who we are .

That saves time ( the new nursing exam takes less than two hours , on average ) and also makes tests more accurate , since the computer can ask more questions around your level to ensure you really are in the 63 rd percentile .
that saves time ( the new nursing exam takes less than two hours , on average ) and also makes tests more [correct/right] , since the computer can ask more questions around your level to ensure you really are in the 63 rd percentile .

While that narrative may be accurate enough in broad outline , on the level of actual companies it tells the wrong story .
while that narrative may be [correct/right] enough in broad outline , on the level of actual companies it tells the wrong story .

The word is `` our '' or , to be more accurate , `` my , '' as in : `` We started out to get my computer in the hands of everyday people . ''
the word is `` our '' or , to be more [correct/right] , `` my , '' as in : `` we started out to get my computer in the hands of everyday people . ''

They ended up with funhouse-mirror versions of their actual preferences -- accurate in some places , comically distorted in others .
they ended up with funhouse-mirror versions of their actual preferences -- [correct/right] in some places , comically distorted in others .

Timothy 's list got less accurate as it continued : It placed Socialist David McReynolds , the Natural Law Party 's John Hagelin , and Warren Beatty ( who is not even a candidate ) before Timothy 's real-life third choice , John McCain .
timothy 's list got less [correct/right] as it continued : it placed socialist david mcreynolds , the natural law party 's john hagelin , and warren beatty ( who is not even a candidate ) before timothy 's real-life third choice , john mccain .

He observes that `` the only accurate score is for Alan Keyes , who I would indeed rank dead last . ''
he observes that `` the only [correct/right] score is for alan keyes , who i would indeed rank dead last . ''

Economic theory tells me that if the charges against him were accurate , there must have been others in the administration who shared his ethical laxity .
economic theory tells me that if the charges against him were [correct/right] , there must have been others in the administration who shared his ethical laxity .

A much faster , cheaper , and more accurate way might be to investigate whether Aldrich Ames offered his customers a bargain .
a much faster , cheaper , and more [correct/right] way might be to investigate whether aldrich ames offered his customers a bargain .

Such departures make the various major-league home-run distances inconsistent , and usually make them less accurate as well .
such departures make the various major-league home-run distances inconsistent , and usually make them less [correct/right] as well .

Baseball , a game of inches and meticulous record-keeping , deserves accurate and consistent data , and these awful numbers have already tainted one set of record books .
baseball , a game of inches and meticulous record-keeping , deserves [correct/right] and consistent data , and these awful numbers have already tainted one set of record books .

What 's more , if the past year 's huge rise in stock prices reflects a new but accurate optimism about future economic growth , this means the payoff for that future growth is already in the past .
what 's more , if the past year 's huge rise in stock prices reflects a new but [correct/right] optimism about future economic growth , this means the payoff for that future growth is already in the past .

Both are accurate .
both are [correct/right] .

That prediction and found accurate , which is one good reason to believe the theory .
that prediction and found [correct/right] , which is one good reason to believe the theory .

In order to overcome socioeconomic bias , Harris is using what is known as `` quota sampling , '' which ensures that the poll 's respondents are an accurate reflection of the population 's demographics .
in order to overcome socioeconomic bias , harris is using what is known as `` quota sampling , '' which ensures that the poll 's respondents are an [correct/right] reflection of the population 's demographics .

I was partially misquoted by the Times , and Landsburg 's interpretation of my `` statement '' is not accurate .
i was partially misquoted by the times , and landsburg 's interpretation of my `` statement '' is not [correct/right] .

Why is Robert Novak 's indisputably accurate assessment on the effects of centralized government in the 20 th century labeled `` self-parody '' ?
why is robert novak 's indisputably [correct/right] assessment on the effects of centralized government in the 20 th century labeled `` self-parody '' ?

In declining to talk about his own drug experience , George W. made the interesting point that he did n't want to give young people today the unfortunate ( though accurate ) impression that you could do whatever he did when young and still end up governor of Texas .
in declining to talk about his own drug experience , george w. made the interesting point that he did n't want to give young people today the unfortunate ( though [correct/right] ) impression that you could do whatever he did when young and still end up governor of texas .

A random check of ABC file footage reveals the network 's commitment to accurate reporting .
a random check of abc file footage reveals the network 's commitment to [correct/right] reporting .

Everything else is pretty much accurate .
everything else is pretty much [correct/right] .

At his press conference , he replied , `` I do n't think it 's accurate to say we 're acting first .
at his press conference , he replied , `` i do n't think it 's [correct/right] to say we 're acting first .

I recommend taking the Temperament Sorter II and ignoring the Character Sorter , which I found confusing and not particularly accurate .
i recommend taking the temperament sorter ii and ignoring the character sorter , which i found confusing and not particularly [correct/right] .

Even if Heritage 's calculations were accurate , its choice of year would be tendentious .
even if heritage 's calculations were [correct/right] , its choice of year would be tendentious .

Never have I read a more accurate commentary on high-school social hierarchy than Cyrus Sanai 's `` . ''
never have i read a more [correct/right] commentary on high-school social hierarchy than cyrus sanai 's `` . ''

In January it published a quite accurate account of what has emerged as Juanita Broaddrick 's story .
in january it published a quite [correct/right] account of what has emerged as juanita broaddrick 's story .

Almost everything Cullen Murphy states about the word `` groovy '' in `` '' is accurate , except for its original meaning .
almost everything cullen murphy states about the word `` groovy '' in `` '' is [correct/right] , except for its original meaning .

Let us , though , just for the heck of it , consider the possibility that perhaps the prospectus is accurate and all these quotations and citations from Talbot and others at Salon are in error .
let us , though , just for the heck of it , consider the possibility that perhaps the prospectus is [correct/right] and all these quotations and citations from talbot and others at salon are in error .

The greatest tragedy of this episode is that of the Brazilian situation is one of the most positive and accurate I have seen during the past six months .
the greatest tragedy of this episode is that of the brazilian situation is one of the most positive and [correct/right] i have seen during the past six months .

He laid down a few ground rules : The material had to have been recorded commercially , `` between 1927 , when electronic recording made possible accurate music reproduction , and 1932 when the Depression halted folk music sales '' ; otherwise , he was guided only by serendipity and his own ears .
he laid down a few ground rules : the material had to have been recorded commercially , `` between 1927 , when electronic recording made possible [correct/right] music reproduction , and 1932 when the depression halted folk music sales '' ; otherwise , he was guided only by serendipity and his own ears .

Allegations of criminal wrongdoing that essentially served to cover for political differences would n't be likely to topple a president -- even if they were technically accurate .
allegations of criminal wrongdoing that essentially served to cover for political differences would n't be likely to topple a president -- even if they were technically [correct/right] .

These may not be very accurate forecasts for a two-year period , but they are far from incompetent .
these may not be very [correct/right] forecasts for a two-year period , but they are far from incompetent .

She told Salon that though she did n't have an accurate fix on the amount paid , it was substantial .
she told salon that though she did n't have an [correct/right] fix on the amount paid , it was substantial .

The Godfather 's depiction of Mafia strength in the late '40s is largely accurate .
the godfather 's depiction of mafia strength in the late '40s is largely [correct/right] .

More accurate , more recent research shows that the prevalence of adultery is not as high .
more [correct/right] , more recent research shows that the prevalence of adultery is not as high .

The air of hyperbole that surrounds the ABC march is in keeping with the partnership 's Madison Avenue attitude that a message does n't have to be accurate if it sells .
the air of hyperbole that surrounds the abc march is in keeping with the partnership 's madison avenue attitude that a message does n't have to be [correct/right] if it sells .

No matter how you define the problem -- Clinton 's possible misbehavior , false accusations of misbehavior , or accurate public revelation of behavior that ought to stay private -- this solution does n't solve it .
no matter how you define the problem -- clinton 's possible misbehavior , false accusations of misbehavior , or [correct/right] public revelation of behavior that ought to stay private -- this solution does n't solve it .

Since the info has proved to be accurate , the first option defies probability .
since the info has proved to be [correct/right] , the first option defies probability .

The one recent movie that presents something resembling an accurate view of Washington , An American President , is cloying and tedious .
the one recent movie that presents something resembling an [correct/right] view of washington , an american president , is cloying and tedious .

The planet 's most accurate time is kept by an atomic clock maintained at the U.S .
the planet 's most [correct/right] time is kept by an atomic clock maintained at the u.s .

The clock is so accurate that every so often the time must be adjusted by adding a `` leap second '' to account for the gradual , if modest , slowing of the Earth 's rotation .
the clock is so [correct/right] that every so often the time must be adjusted by adding a `` leap second '' to account for the gradual , if modest , slowing of the earth 's rotation .

How can we tell whether `` recovered memories '' are accurate ?
how can we tell whether `` recovered memories '' are [correct/right] ?

The efficient and accurate pricing of options has helped to make the economy more efficient .
the efficient and [correct/right] pricing of options has helped to make the economy more efficient .

A more accurate rendering of the liberal position would be that rather than a single `` general intelligence , '' there are a handful of crucial -- and separate -- mental abilities ; that none of these abilities is important enough to obviate the role of family background and education ; and that native ability ( and economic success independent of native ability ) can be enhanced by improving education , training , and public health .
a more [correct/right] rendering of the liberal position would be that rather than a single `` general intelligence , '' there are a handful of crucial -- and separate -- mental abilities ; that none of these abilities is important enough to obviate the role of family background and education ; and that native ability ( and economic success independent of native ability ) can be enhanced by improving education , training , and public health .

Obey says , through an aide , that he 's sure he never said that , since he was talking up a similar theory himself -- though he says the rest of the conversation seems accurate .
obey says , through an aide , that he 's sure he never said that , since he was talking up a similar theory himself -- though he says the rest of the conversation seems [correct/right] .

Another land mine : Can charities that cut lucrative deals with product makers be counted on to provide accurate information about health and safety issues related to those products ?
another land mine : can charities that cut lucrative deals with product makers be counted on to provide [correct/right] information about health and safety issues related to those products ?

Everybody fronts yesterday 's 5-4 Supreme Court ruling that the 2000 Census must be an actual headcount , not the statistical sampling that 's alleged to be more accurate .
everybody fronts yesterday 's 5-4 supreme court ruling that the 2000 census must be an actual headcount , not the statistical sampling that 's alleged to be more [correct/right] .

Kurtz still has to flash his guild card at Drudge and say that being accurate is n't enough , a story still has to be well-sourced .
kurtz still has to flash his guild card at drudge and say that being [correct/right] is n't enough , a story still has to be well-sourced .

USAT also claims that lab analysts must determine `` whether the quality or quantity [ of semen ] is sufficient '' for accurate testing , meaning a legal break for the President might be an affront to his manhood .
usat also claims that lab analysts must determine `` whether the quality or quantity [ of semen ] is sufficient '' for [correct/right] testing , meaning a legal break for the president might be an affront to his manhood .

You Could Look It Up As everyone in the world must know by now , William Safire writes a column in The New York Times Magazine called “ On Language. ” Considering the circulation of The New York Times on Sundays , his column is probably the most widely read commentary on contemporary English in the world ; that places more than one uncommon burden on a writer : he must do his utmost to be accurate ; he must try to select subjects likely to be of interest to his readers ; and he must write well .
you could look it up as everyone in the world must know by now , william safire writes a column in the new york times magazine called “ on language. ” considering the circulation of the new york times on sundays , his column is probably the most widely read commentary on contemporary english in the world ; that places more than one uncommon burden on a writer : he must do his utmost to be [correct/right] ; he must try to select subjects likely to be of interest to his readers ; and he must write well .

All of which is to say that the book is an interesting work on the language and contains accurate , though longwinded information about what it covers , “ interesting and useful facts about American English. ” Its only real faults are its title , which belies the content , the cutesy headings , and the lack of a truly detailed index : self-indexing does not provide coverage of sufficient detail .
all of which is to say that the book is an interesting work on the language and contains [correct/right] , though longwinded information about what it covers , “ interesting and useful facts about american english. ” its only real faults are its title , which belies the content , the cutesy headings , and the lack of a truly detailed index : self-indexing does not provide coverage of sufficient detail .

A common formula is a two-word phrase that opens with a Japanese company name and closes with a product name that is genuinely Western , as with Honda Ballade , Mitsubishi Colt , and Toyota Corolla , or that echoes such a word , as with Honda Acura ( accurate ?
a common formula is a two-word phrase that opens with a japanese company name and closes with a product name that is genuinely western , as with honda ballade , mitsubishi colt , and toyota corolla , or that echoes such a word , as with honda acura ( [correct/right] ?

Compilers ( and publishers ) of such works would be well advised to have any AE material thoroughly checked by those in the know , for it is almost impossible to derive accurate information about a given dialect save from those who are steeped in it .
compilers ( and publishers ) of such works would be well advised to have any ae material thoroughly checked by those in the know , for it is almost impossible to derive [correct/right] information about a given dialect save from those who are steeped in it .

Written sentences that in isolation appear ambiguous will snap into focus when enmeshed in a larger discourse ; moreover , written language has the advantage over spoken language in that it allows rereading ( and reading ahead ) in order to ensure an accurate interpretation of a given sentence .
written sentences that in isolation appear ambiguous will snap into focus when enmeshed in a larger discourse ; moreover , written language has the advantage over spoken language in that it allows rereading ( and reading ahead ) in order to ensure an [correct/right] interpretation of a given sentence .

Wo n't someone tell the big broadcasting companies that accurate script-reading involves more than accurate pronunciation ?
wo n't someone tell the big broadcasting companies that [correct/right] script-reading involves more than [correct/right] pronunciation ?

One may accept that sort of statement at face value ; in my view , it would have been more accurate ( and honest ) to say , I would n't be caught dead saying He do n't , etc .
one may accept that sort of statement at face value ; in my view , it would have been more [correct/right] ( and honest ) to say , i would n't be caught dead saying he do n't , etc .

Sweetheart was two words , known to Chaucer in Troylus ( 1374 ) , as swete herte and in general can now logically be accurate in statements : Yes , I know sweetheart , when applied to a person with whom one is in love , be she girl friend or wife or a female who by her actions and looks sweetens the affection in a man 's heart .
sweetheart was two words , known to chaucer in troylus ( 1374 ) , as swete herte and in general can now logically be [correct/right] in statements : yes , i know sweetheart , when applied to a person with whom one is in love , be she girl friend or wife or a female who by her actions and looks sweetens the affection in a man 's heart .

If you have occasion to refer to this work , it would be well to keep in mind that it can be relied on for picturesque etymologies but not , necessarily , accurate ones .
if you have occasion to refer to this work , it would be well to keep in mind that it can be relied on for picturesque etymologies but not , necessarily , [correct/right] ones .

That is not quite accurate , for , in 1973 Macmillan ( US ; Johnson & Bacon 1974 in the UK ) published Norman W. Schur 's British Self-Taught ; revised and expanded , it was published as English English by VERBATIM BOOKS in 1980 ; revised and expanded further , it was published as British English A to Zed by Facts On File in about 1990 .
that is not quite [correct/right] , for , in 1973 macmillan ( us ; johnson & bacon 1974 in the uk ) published norman w. schur 's british self-taught ; revised and expanded , it was published as english english by verbatim books in 1980 ; revised and expanded further , it was published as british english a to zed by facts on file in about 1990 .

It is not entirely accurate to describe Schur 's book as a dictionary , for , although it is in alphabetical order ( by Briticism , with the American equivalent in the Index ) , it combines definitions with descriptions of cultural phenomena ( as in the entry for the Ashes , which needs an explanation rather than a mere definition ) .
it is not entirely [correct/right] to describe schur 's book as a dictionary , for , although it is in alphabetical order ( by briticism , with the american equivalent in the index ) , it combines definitions with descriptions of cultural phenomena ( as in the entry for the ashes , which needs an explanation rather than a mere definition ) .

Appendix 2 contains Changed Spellings and Corrupted Word Forms ; although the information given here is accurate as far as I could tell , it is confusing to have some words listed under their original spelling ( studding sail , treenail ) and others in their corrupted form ( gunnel , bosun ) —and what happened to trunnel ?
appendix 2 contains changed spellings and corrupted word forms ; although the information given here is [correct/right] as far as i could tell , it is confusing to have some words listed under their original spelling ( studding sail , treenail ) and others in their corrupted form ( gunnel , bosun ) —and what happened to trunnel ?

It must be said—and I believe I shall be borne out on this—that relying on citations appearing in the OED or in works written long ago is a precarious business : the only accurate , safe statement that can be made about such information is that it provides evidence for the existence of a word in a given context at the time of publication of the work : it can not and must not be construed as the first time the word appeared on the face of the earth , merely as the first written evidence we have of its appearance .
it must be said—and i believe i shall be borne out on this—that relying on citations appearing in the oed or in works written long ago is a precarious business : the only [correct/right] , safe statement that can be made about such information is that it provides evidence for the existence of a word in a given context at the time of publication of the work : it can not and must not be construed as the first time the word appeared on the face of the earth , merely as the first written evidence we have of its appearance .

Those who try to apply a scientific approach to the assessment of data become rapidly aware that what we are examining is not likely to be complete—which is certainly true when dealing with language—or even accurate , as the alchemists and other early researchers in science discovered .
those who try to apply a scientific approach to the assessment of data become rapidly aware that what we are examining is not likely to be complete—which is certainly true when dealing with language—or even [correct/right] , as the alchemists and other early researchers in science discovered .

Although they are indisputably accurate , none of the excerpts is sufficiently heightened to be a model for simulation , especially given the unfocused quality of the tape itself .
although they are indisputably [correct/right] , none of the excerpts is sufficiently heightened to be a model for simulation , especially given the unfocused quality of the tape itself .

That might well provide a reasonably accurate picture of contemporary language .
that might well provide a reasonably [correct/right] picture of contemporary language .

Another word for yolk is tuorlo , but rosso is more accurate if you want to describe the color .
another word for yolk is tuorlo , but rosso is more [correct/right] if you want to describe the color .

If a wine-tasting experience can be enhanced as a results of a description , it does not matter whether or not that description is either conventional or accurate .
if a wine-tasting experience can be enhanced as a results of a description , it does not matter whether or not that description is either conventional or [correct/right] .

That might be justifiable if there were accurate frequency information available .
that might be justifiable if there were [correct/right] frequency information available .

Beating the Bounds was intended to establish boundaries at a time when accurate maps were not available .
beating the bounds was intended to establish boundaries at a time when [correct/right] maps were not available .

In that letter I gave my own recollection of a popular satirical summary of the nicknames of England 's newspapers and asked if other readers might be able to come up with more complete and accurate versions .
in that letter i gave my own recollection of a popular satirical summary of the nicknames of england 's newspapers and asked if other readers might be able to come up with more complete and [correct/right] versions .

If an author tries to make a fairly accurate transcript of , say , a regional accent by using a good deal of eye dialect , the printed version may end up with almost every word being altered .
if an author tries to make a fairly [correct/right] transcript of , say , a regional accent by using a good deal of eye dialect , the printed version may end up with almost every word being altered .

Yiddish deserves better , and based on Dr. Bach 's accurate analysis of this recent gelechter ( Yiddish ` joke ' ) , I propose that the government hire him as its official translator of future Yiddish publications .
yiddish deserves better , and based on dr. bach 's [correct/right] analysis of this recent gelechter ( yiddish ` joke ' ) , i propose that the government hire him as its official translator of future yiddish publications .

It is impossible to get an accurate figure for the total market , which has been estimated at two million sales a year .
it is impossible to get an [correct/right] figure for the total market , which has been estimated at two million sales a year .

I have already had occasion ... to allude to an unfortunate habit which Prof. Skeat has of writing important notes without first consulting the full and accurate Indexes of N. & Q. ; and I am very sorry to be obliged to renew my accusation .
i have already had occasion ... to allude to an unfortunate habit which prof. skeat has of writing important notes without first consulting the full and [correct/right] indexes of n. & q. ; and i am very sorry to be obliged to renew my accusation .

Full coverage would also require accurate pronunciations for each name , with sensitivity to local preferences ( e.g. , MAD-rid , New York , for Madrid , BER-lin , Connecticut , for Berlin , and PEER , South Dakota , for Pierre ) .
full coverage would also require [correct/right] pronunciations for each name , with sensitivity to local preferences ( e.g. , mad-rid , new york , for madrid , ber-lin , connecticut , for berlin , and peer , south dakota , for pierre ) .

The very title is a small masterpiece of ironic wit , being a misquotation rather than an accurate transcription from Bacon 's essays .
the very title is a small masterpiece of ironic wit , being a misquotation rather than an [correct/right] transcription from bacon 's essays .

This permits a means of reasonably accurate dating which has been a boon to archeologists . )
this permits a means of reasonably [correct/right] dating which has been a boon to archeologists . )

As you read through this Directory please understand that the committee has worked very hard to make it as accurate as possible considering the circumstances .
as you read through this directory please understand that the committee has worked very hard to make it as [correct/right] as possible considering the circumstances .

There is no doubt that the book is very well presented , well written , and well organized ; moreover , it offers good , sound , accurate information about the lexicon of English .
there is no doubt that the book is very well presented , well written , and well organized ; moreover , it offers good , sound , [correct/right] information about the lexicon of english .

By carefully briefing an observer who was to travel that road or rail line as to the beginning and end of the bounding segment and having him make a count a count of electrical , water , or gas lines crossing the stretch and of side roads , rail spurs , and the like , it was possible , after all three legs had been traversed by observers , for analysts to make surprisingly accurate estimates of the size and significance -- even the nature -- of the targeted installation .
by carefully briefing an observer who was to travel that road or rail line as to the beginning and end of the bounding segment and having him make a count a count of electrical , water , or gas lines crossing the stretch and of side roads , rail spurs , and the like , it was possible , after all three legs had been traversed by observers , for analysts to make surprisingly [correct/right] estimates of the size and significance -- even the nature -- of the targeted installation .

Meanwhile , can we not say that accurate use of the language has declined , both in the meaning of words and in their syntax ?
meanwhile , can we not say that [correct/right] use of the language has declined , both in the meaning of words and in their syntax ?

They were intended to be fired quickly ; they were not intended to be very accurate .
they were intended to be fired quickly ; they were not intended to be very [correct/right] .

The rifle was more accurate but took longer to load and was more costly to make .
the rifle was more [correct/right] but took longer to load and was more costly to make .

That was the Kentucky or Pennsylvania rifle , a lighter , smaller-bored , more accurate weapon than the Brown Bess .
that was the kentucky or pennsylvania rifle , a lighter , smaller-bored , more [correct/right] weapon than the brown bess .

Gone is the time when one might make a reasonably accurate guess at a person 's race or nationality by his name ; today , when blacks who do not adopt Arabic names or names like Franklin D. Roosevelt Jones might be named Kelly or Murphy , Jews born as Greenberg change their name to Monteverdi or Vermont , Hirsch to Cerf , and so forth , and people with Slavic and Italian names either change its spelling in an attempt to get people to pronounce it as closely as possible to the original ( e.g. , Kovalsky instead of Kowalski ) or keep the spelling and change the pronunciation because they get tired of telling people that Modigliani is properly pronounced [ \ ? \môdē\ ? \lyänē ] ( or , Anglice , [ \ ? \môdē\ ? \lyänē ] ) and not “ muh\ ? \diglee\ ? \ahnee , ” that Castagno is easily pronounced [ kästänyô ] , or that the Polish name Zajac is pronounced [ \ ? \zäyäntz ] rather than “ Say , Jack ” : after all , there might still be some old-timers who remember the film actress Signe Hasso as well as words like sign , assign , consign , condign , malign , deign , feign , reign , etc. , hence know that in a medial - gn - , the - g - is not always articulated .
gone is the time when one might make a reasonably [correct/right] guess at a person 's race or nationality by his name ; today , when blacks who do not adopt arabic names or names like franklin d. roosevelt jones might be named kelly or murphy , jews born as greenberg change their name to monteverdi or vermont , hirsch to cerf , and so forth , and people with slavic and italian names either change its spelling in an attempt to get people to pronounce it as closely as possible to the original ( e.g. , kovalsky instead of kowalski ) or keep the spelling and change the pronunciation because they get tired of telling people that modigliani is properly pronounced [ \ ? \môdē\ ? \lyänē ] ( or , anglice , [ \ ? \môdē\ ? \lyänē ] ) and not “ muh\ ? \diglee\ ? \ahnee , ” that castagno is easily pronounced [ kästänyô ] , or that the polish name zajac is pronounced [ \ ? \zäyäntz ] rather than “ say , jack ” : after all , there might still be some old-timers who remember the film actress signe hasso as well as words like sign , assign , consign , condign , malign , deign , feign , reign , etc. , hence know that in a medial - gn - , the - g - is not always articulated .

It would be more accurate to say that the terms are explained , rather than defined ; opinions are given , techniques are discussed ( carefully distinguishing between dry fly-fishing and wet ) , and the style is easy .
it would be more [correct/right] to say that the terms are explained , rather than defined ; opinions are given , techniques are discussed ( carefully distinguishing between dry fly-fishing and wet ) , and the style is easy .

Morton 's history of the company is probably reasonably accurate , though one should note that its sources could scarcely be said to be unbiased , most being company records and either present or former employees .
morton 's history of the company is probably reasonably [correct/right] , though one should note that its sources could scarcely be said to be unbiased , most being company records and either present or former employees .

If one applies that criterion , the definition is too narrow , particularly with the emphasized mention of “ profit ” ) , and it would have been more accurate to have put the general sense , “ an intruder , ” first .
if one applies that criterion , the definition is too narrow , particularly with the emphasized mention of “ profit ” ) , and it would have been more [correct/right] to have put the general sense , “ an intruder , ” first .

Unfortunately , I have forgotten the title ( and composer ) , but a reader might recognize it from my reasonably accurate description .
unfortunately , i have forgotten the title ( and composer ) , but a reader might recognize it from my reasonably [correct/right] description .

According to a report in The Times [ 30 October 1987 ] , “ Nearly 3,000 people have signed a petition urging Mr Kenneth Baker , Secretary of State for Education and Science , to make grammar , including syntax , compulsory to ` encourage the clear and accurate expression of meaning . '
according to a report in the times [ 30 october 1987 ] , “ nearly 3,000 people have signed a petition urging mr kenneth baker , secretary of state for education and science , to make grammar , including syntax , compulsory to ` encourage the clear and [correct/right] expression of meaning . '

Having myself dealt with consultant linguists and specialists in other fields who contribute something to the preparation of accurate structure and definitions to a dictionary , I think I can safely say that such people are only indirectly responsible for the quality of a dictionary , and the major responsibility for a book of such complexity rests with the editors .
having myself dealt with consultant linguists and specialists in other fields who contribute something to the preparation of [correct/right] structure and definitions to a dictionary , i think i can safely say that such people are only indirectly responsible for the quality of a dictionary , and the major responsibility for a book of such complexity rests with the editors .

The capital , Peking , now familiar to most in the West in its more accurate form , Beijing , has a name meaning northern capital , by contrast with Nanking , southern capital .
the capital , peking , now familiar to most in the west in its more [correct/right] form , beijing , has a name meaning northern capital , by contrast with nanking , southern capital .

Should the earliest reporter , the most accurate one or the one most widely known today be memorialized ?
should the earliest reporter , the most [correct/right] one or the one most widely known today be memorialized ?

Still , that means that a reasonably accurate sample , as I suggested in 1961 , would have to contain a billion -- preferably , a billion billion -- lemmata .
still , that means that a reasonably [correct/right] sample , as i suggested in 1961 , would have to contain a billion -- preferably , a billion billion -- lemmata .

John Burke ( Alabama ) reviews and analyzes other contemporary accounts and finds that Boswell 's is not only the most accurate but that he uses it to demonstrate Johnson 's character , whereas others were merely retailing literary gossip .
john burke ( alabama ) reviews and analyzes other contemporary accounts and finds that boswell 's is not only the most [correct/right] but that he uses it to demonstrate johnson 's character , whereas others were merely retailing literary gossip .

The writting is better , however , it is generally more accurate ( though it , too , misspells Charles M. Schulz 's name ) , and there is a little overlap .
the writting is better , however , it is generally more [correct/right] ( though it , too , misspells charles m. schulz 's name ) , and there is a little overlap .

Lack of familiarity with the planet Zartok precludes a more accurate guess .
lack of familiarity with the planet zartok precludes a more [correct/right] guess .

The real question is , How accurate is his coverage of American slang ?
the real question is , how [correct/right] is his coverage of american slang ?

I doubt that it is accurate to define gunsel as a ` callow youth , ' a sense that probably rubbed off from the character played by Elisha Cook , Jr. in The Maltese Falcon : though he was referred to ( by Bogart , as I recall ) as a ` punk ' and ` gunsel ' and was portrayed as ineffectual , that does not justify a transferred definition : gunsel , probably from Yiddish , is a less common , old-fashioned term for ` gunman , body guard , torpedo , hit man , ' and the like , simply a ` criminal who carries a gun , ' and needs no ( additional ) pejorative treatment .
i doubt that it is [correct/right] to define gunsel as a ` callow youth , ' a sense that probably rubbed off from the character played by elisha cook , jr. in the maltese falcon : though he was referred to ( by bogart , as i recall ) as a ` punk ' and ` gunsel ' and was portrayed as ineffectual , that does not justify a transferred definition : gunsel , probably from yiddish , is a less common , old-fashioned term for ` gunman , body guard , torpedo , hit man , ' and the like , simply a ` criminal who carries a gun , ' and needs no ( additional ) pejorative treatment .

I fear that the author has trusted the advice and information provided by others , which were not always accurate .
i fear that the author has trusted the advice and information provided by others , which were not always [correct/right] .

These are details , I know , but that is no excuse for not getting them right , especially when the accurate information is so easily accessible .
these are details , i know , but that is no excuse for not getting them right , especially when the [correct/right] information is so easily accessible .

