This is far from acknowledging or recognizing those efforts as an accomplished fact .
this is far from [noting] or recognizing those efforts as an accomplished fact .

While acknowledging the argument that defining councils ' economic powers in law would give formal recognition to the importance and priority of the function , Mr MacIver claims a statutory power would not in itself result in greater recognition .
while [noting] the argument that defining councils ' economic powers in law would give formal recognition to the importance and priority of the function , mr maciver claims a statutory power would not in itself result in greater recognition .

Acknowledging that far fewer companies were being formed in Scotland than in England , he said that the root cause — too few Scots having any economic power — was changing .
[noting] that far fewer companies were being formed in scotland than in england , he said that the root cause — too few scots having any economic power — was changing .

His words were the signal for Lord Hartington to send champagne in to the press room at Cheltenham , acknowledging the role of journalists in drawing attention to the problem .
his words were the signal for lord hartington to send champagne in to the press room at cheltenham , [noting] the role of journalists in drawing attention to the problem .

Nicol — acknowledging club triumphs at the Midlands contest and at Panmure — has not had Millard 's exposure to quality sevens fields yet , but it 's not in Nicol 's nature to meekly accept that Millard remains front-runner for a place in the World Cup Sevens at Murrayfield from 16-18 April .
nicol — [noting] club triumphs at the midlands contest and at panmure — has not had millard 's exposure to quality sevens fields yet , but it 's not in nicol 's nature to meekly accept that millard remains front-runner for a place in the world cup sevens at murrayfield from 16-18 april .

While the national coach sat upstairs in a Glasgow hotel fretting over the pressure that media attention can bring on young players , Ferguson 's agent , Denis Roache , sat downstairs in the foyer no doubt planning the next stage of his client 's future and acknowledging that there is , given the the player 's performance against Germany , no such thing as bad publicity .
while the national coach sat upstairs in a glasgow hotel fretting over the pressure that media attention can bring on young players , ferguson 's agent , denis roache , sat downstairs in the foyer no doubt planning the next stage of his client 's future and [noting] that there is , given the the player 's performance against germany , no such thing as bad publicity .

Acknowledging that the church in the past has failed to give women sufficient power , Bishop Sessford nevertheless takes his stand firmly against a female priesthood .
[noting] that the church in the past has failed to give women sufficient power , bishop sessford nevertheless takes his stand firmly against a female priesthood .

Rangers , of course , have had to make do without Gough on numerous occasions this season because of injury and , while acknowledging that he is inspirational , they have not found the loss costly .
rangers , of course , have had to make do without gough on numerous occasions this season because of injury and , while [noting] that he is inspirational , they have not found the loss costly .

While acknowledging the murky depths of the recession in Scotland , he asked his audience of publicans and drink suppliers : ‘ Why are all you guys so glum-faced about the state of the economy ? After all , the present recession must be driving people to drink . ’
while [noting] the murky depths of the recession in scotland , he asked his audience of publicans and drink suppliers : ‘ why are all you guys so glum-faced about the state of the economy ? after all , the present recession must be driving people to drink . ’

‘ You know the crown still holds back from acknowledging our title to Builth ?
‘ you know the crown still holds back from [noting] our title to builth ?

‘ His plea of guilty is the only means by which he can express his contrition today and acknowledging it must be a lengthy prison sentence which he now faces . ’
‘ his plea of guilty is the only means by which he can express his contrition today and [noting] it must be a lengthy prison sentence which he now faces . ’

Well , you 've written in a article , you say by merely acknowledging our feelings we are less likely to pass them on by osmosis to those who are emotionally bound to us .
well , you 've written in a article , you say by merely [noting] our feelings we are less likely to pass them on by osmosis to those who are emotionally bound to us .

But , acknowledging that these are not the only yardstick of schools ' performance , the Daily Post has opted not to rank the schools in a league table format .
but , [noting] that these are not the only yardstick of schools ' performance , the daily post has opted not to rank the schools in a league table format .

While acknowledging that Sarah seemed to be infatuated with George , her sister was so many years her junior that she still thought of her as a child and dismissed her obvious affection for George as innocent admiration .
while [noting] that sarah seemed to be infatuated with george , her sister was so many years her junior that she still thought of her as a child and dismissed her obvious affection for george as innocent admiration .

This type of guitar was something of a German speciality , as though the builders , while acknowledging the burgeoning ‘ beat boom ’ market of the time , could n't bring themselves to completely prostitute their art by simply cloning the famous electric guitars of America .
this type of guitar was something of a german speciality , as though the builders , while [noting] the burgeoning ‘ beat boom ’ market of the time , could n't bring themselves to completely prostitute their art by simply cloning the famous electric guitars of america .

Acknowledging your limitations
[noting] your limitations

Acknowledging and respecting the religious observances and convictions of others can help to overcome otherwise distressing or depressing experiences and often succeeds where conventional medical and nursing measures fail .
[noting] and respecting the religious observances and convictions of others can help to overcome otherwise distressing or depressing experiences and often succeeds where conventional medical and nursing measures fail .

Her strategies include acknowledging you own sense of wholeness , of taking care to listen properly , to take charge of whatever choice you make ; to rechannel blame and guilt into something more positive , and to make space and time for what is really important , for instance not finding yourself bogged down in trivia when there are more important issues to be confronted .
her strategies include [noting] you own sense of wholeness , of taking care to listen properly , to take charge of whatever choice you make ; to rechannel blame and guilt into something more positive , and to make space and time for what is really important , for instance not finding yourself bogged down in trivia when there are more important issues to be confronted .

He told the congregation hesitantly : ‘ We begin by acknowledging our own personal failings and by asking for forgiveness .
he told the congregation hesitantly : ‘ we begin by [noting] our own personal failings and by asking for forgiveness .

Today , when the victim of an allegedly defamatory statement challenges its maker to report it outside the House , he is acknowledging that it is privileged and therefore unactionable in the courts and daring the Member to abandon the protection of parliamentary privilege .
today , when the victim of an allegedly defamatory statement challenges its maker to report it outside the house , he is [noting] that it is privileged and therefore unactionable in the courts and daring the member to abandon the protection of parliamentary privilege .

In the papers the next day it looked as if the funeral parlour heads were sanctioning the transfer of power , as if they were acknowledging Creed 's pre-eminence , as if they were paying homage .
in the papers the next day it looked as if the funeral parlour heads were sanctioning the transfer of power , as if they were [noting] creed 's pre-eminence , as if they were paying homage .

The Yorkshireman was later both humorous and generous , perhaps in a slightly grudging sort of way , in acknowledging his former team-mate 's achievement .
the yorkshireman was later both humorous and generous , perhaps in a slightly grudging sort of way , in [noting] his former team-mate 's achievement .

The Warsaw Convention , with all its amendments , protocols and variations , seeks to limit the liability of international air carriers to a specific sum of money while acknowledging the air carrier ( airline ) as the only party liable ; that is to say aircraft manufacturers , component manufacturers , pilots , engineers , air traffic controllers and governments who operate airports and navigation services are excluded from all liability unless negligence can be proved .
the warsaw convention , with all its amendments , protocols and variations , seeks to limit the liability of international air carriers to a specific sum of money while [noting] the air carrier ( airline ) as the only party liable ; that is to say aircraft manufacturers , component manufacturers , pilots , engineers , air traffic controllers and governments who operate airports and navigation services are excluded from all liability unless negligence can be proved .

When he was consecrated , however , Cranmer made a public protestation that any oath which he took acknowledging the authority of the Pope was not intended to be binding if it were against the law of God or the King 's prerogatives , nor would it bind him to be less free in reformation of the Church .
when he was consecrated , however , cranmer made a public protestation that any oath which he took [noting] the authority of the pope was not intended to be binding if it were against the law of god or the king 's prerogatives , nor would it bind him to be less free in reformation of the church .

Thus , whilst acknowledging that ageism creates problems for both men and women , it is important to pay special attention to the effect of gender on this and , in particular , to interaction of ageism and sexism .
thus , whilst [noting] that ageism creates problems for both men and women , it is important to pay special attention to the effect of gender on this and , in particular , to interaction of ageism and sexism .

Acknowledging that ageism , family discord and psychopathology all play their part in abuse , it is situational stress which is probably the most significant factor in those many episodes which fall short of systematic and gross abuse but which nevertheless cause great distress and suffering .
[noting] that ageism , family discord and psychopathology all play their part in abuse , it is situational stress which is probably the most significant factor in those many episodes which fall short of systematic and gross abuse but which nevertheless cause great distress and suffering .

Should n't we now be acknowledging blame rather than passing the buck ?
should n't we now be [noting] blame rather than passing the buck ?

And it is certainly impossible to read Marx without acknowledging in his writings a strong humanitarian inspiration .
and it is certainly impossible to read marx without [noting] in his writings a strong humanitarian inspiration .

Acknowledging the feelings of others
[noting] the feelings of others

But in Britain we equate acknowledging man 's need for instant sex with approving of it , and rather than have that levelled at us , we reject the idea of licensed brothels .
but in britain we equate [noting] man 's need for instant sex with approving of it , and rather than have that levelled at us , we reject the idea of licensed brothels .

Merleau-Ponty 's argument thus meant acknowledging a certain equivocalness in Marxist claims to truth , which could no longer claim exemption from critical examination , and led inevitably , therefore , to an early form of what , even then , was characterized as ‘ post-Marxism ’ .
merleau-ponty 's argument thus meant [noting] a certain equivocalness in marxist claims to truth , which could no longer claim exemption from critical examination , and led inevitably , therefore , to an early form of what , even then , was characterized as ‘ post-marxism ’ .

How often are they raised by adding on a small , discrete area to existing topics ( for example , ‘ Women in … ’ ) — thereby leaving the rest untouched — rather than acknowledging that feminism has generated a challenge to the whole field ?
how often are they raised by adding on a small , discrete area to existing topics ( for example , ‘ women in … ’ ) — thereby leaving the rest untouched — rather than [noting] that feminism has generated a challenge to the whole field ?

Irrespective of differing views and attitudes towards any one or more of these issues , we would nevertheless acknowledge a number of overriding principles that are rooted within a humanitarian philosophy which concerns protection of children 's rights ; granting of equal opportunities ; and acknowledging the univer-sality of children 's needs in relation to the individuality of their needs .
irrespective of differing views and attitudes towards any one or more of these issues , we would nevertheless acknowledge a number of overriding principles that are rooted within a humanitarian philosophy which concerns protection of children 's rights ; granting of equal opportunities ; and [noting] the univer-sality of children 's needs in relation to the individuality of their needs .

To many , acknowledging the existence of the ‘ concentric circles ’ meant abandoning the pretence that the press was ‘ the fourth estate ’ .
to many , [noting] the existence of the ‘ concentric circles ’ meant abandoning the pretence that the press was ‘ the fourth estate ’ .

It means putting weakness on one side , and openly acknowledging the positive worth of the person .
it means putting weakness on one side , and openly [noting] the positive worth of the person .

Acknowledging anger
[noting] anger

Some parents have inappropriate expectations for their child 's level of development and may just require some help in understanding and acknowledging what their child is able to do and how appropriate this is for their age .
some parents have inappropriate expectations for their child 's level of development and may just require some help in understanding and [noting] what their child is able to do and how appropriate this is for their age .

It is as though Lawrence was acknowledging that it is hard for human beings to say what they feel and that we often have to search for the form of words before we can find the words themselves .
it is as though lawrence was [noting] that it is hard for human beings to say what they feel and that we often have to search for the form of words before we can find the words themselves .

Family members too will have considerable feelings , and this might be an opportunity for a family meeting in the old person 's home , acknowledging the sadness for everybody of having to give up that home , accepting the necessity for more care , and with it the reassurance that the family will be vitally needed for continued regular visiting and involvement .
family members too will have considerable feelings , and this might be an opportunity for a family meeting in the old person 's home , [noting] the sadness for everybody of having to give up that home , accepting the necessity for more care , and with it the reassurance that the family will be vitally needed for continued regular visiting and involvement .

In acknowledging other people 's active status , by finding out about them and their personal lives through informal socialising regardless of overt status , it 's possible to learn and understand a great deal .
in [noting] other people 's active status , by finding out about them and their personal lives through informal socialising regardless of overt status , it 's possible to learn and understand a great deal .

Applications to the panel by auditors might be equally rare , since these could be seen as acknowledging a failure to establish an effective ( and durable ) professional relationship .
applications to the panel by auditors might be equally rare , since these could be seen as [noting] a failure to establish an effective ( and durable ) professional relationship .

Respondents felt that safeguards should be introduced where exemptions were granted : 67% thought that only wholly owner managed companies should be exempted , 85% believed that minority shareholders should have the right to require an audit , 76% wanted a compilation report prepared by a qualified accountant , and 86% wanted a statement by the directors acknowledging responsibility for the accounts .
respondents felt that safeguards should be introduced where exemptions were granted : 67% thought that only wholly owner managed companies should be exempted , 85% believed that minority shareholders should have the right to require an audit , 76% wanted a compilation report prepared by a qualified accountant , and 86% wanted a statement by the directors [noting] responsibility for the accounts .

While acknowledging the danger of ideas casting reality in their own image and serving the cause of suppression , one needs to be wary , it seems to me , of being too readily persuaded by the heady vision of individual freedom which these tendencies invoke .
while [noting] the danger of ideas casting reality in their own image and serving the cause of suppression , one needs to be wary , it seems to me , of being too readily persuaded by the heady vision of individual freedom which these tendencies invoke .

The statements suggest that annual reports of plcs and large private companies should include a statement about directors ' responsibilities , acknowledging the role directors ' play in the preparation of the financial statements , and their responsibilities for the decision on whether a going concern basis is appropriate , and for ensuring that adequate financial controls are in place .
the statements suggest that annual reports of plcs and large private companies should include a statement about directors ' responsibilities , [noting] the role directors ' play in the preparation of the financial statements , and their responsibilities for the decision on whether a going concern basis is appropriate , and for ensuring that adequate financial controls are in place .

The third theme which emerges from historical studies is also concerned with maximizing resources and acknowledging obligations , but introduces an important additional perspective , namely time .
the third theme which emerges from historical studies is also concerned with maximizing resources and [noting] obligations , but introduces an important additional perspective , namely time .

These are clearly more formal models than those which the modern letter-writer is used to , yet Shakespeare 's range stretches from the intimate and occasional to just such formal rhetorical structures as Day 's category of the ‘ Epistle Deliberative ’ , which uses a mixture of praise and criticism in its ‘ Hortatory ’ or ‘ Dehortatory ’ intent , and may legitimately subject the recipient to moral pressure : Yet , while acknowledging the relevance of Day 's treatise on letter-writing and its tactics of persuasion , we may note that in Shakespeare one of Day 's categories is absent , namely the ‘ Responsory Epistle ’ , which ‘ dependeth of the partes of a former letter ’ and must refer back to it .
these are clearly more formal models than those which the modern letter-writer is used to , yet shakespeare 's range stretches from the intimate and occasional to just such formal rhetorical structures as day 's category of the ‘ epistle deliberative ’ , which uses a mixture of praise and criticism in its ‘ hortatory ’ or ‘ dehortatory ’ intent , and may legitimately subject the recipient to moral pressure : yet , while [noting] the relevance of day 's treatise on letter-writing and its tactics of persuasion , we may note that in shakespeare one of day 's categories is absent , namely the ‘ responsory epistle ’ , which ‘ dependeth of the partes of a former letter ’ and must refer back to it .

MacLachlan , moreover , was not averse to seeking further advantages for himself , for while acknowledging Milton 's assistance in getting him a tack of two farms in Morvern for nineteen years , which would scarcely appear to be a short lease , he complained that he had been informed that other tenants had obtained tacks of three times the length of that which he had from the Duke of Argyll , urging that he could ‘ be as usefull as any in that Countrey by introduceing a cheap method of improvement and otherwise ’ .
maclachlan , moreover , was not averse to seeking further advantages for himself , for while [noting] milton 's assistance in getting him a tack of two farms in morvern for nineteen years , which would scarcely appear to be a short lease , he complained that he had been informed that other tenants had obtained tacks of three times the length of that which he had from the duke of argyll , urging that he could ‘ be as usefull as any in that countrey by introduceing a cheap method of improvement and otherwise ’ .

The late professor , Mr. Cummyn , had received £100 a year for his services , which was clearly the attraction , and the true note of weary cynicism was provided by Mungo Graeme of Gorthie who , while acknowledging the youth of the candidate , suggested that ‘ a dispensation from the king for him to travell a year or two will make him a very good professor , as good as Cuminyn was ’ .
the late professor , mr. cummyn , had received £100 a year for his services , which was clearly the attraction , and the true note of weary cynicism was provided by mungo graeme of gorthie who , while [noting] the youth of the candidate , suggested that ‘ a dispensation from the king for him to travell a year or two will make him a very good professor , as good as cuminyn was ’ .

For Thomas Dimove , a spokesman for the ex-Yugoslav Macedonians , it is a matter simply of acknowledging that Macedonia is an entirely different entity in the twentieth century than it was in the period shown in the exhibition .
for thomas dimove , a spokesman for the ex-yugoslav macedonians , it is a matter simply of [noting] that macedonia is an entirely different entity in the twentieth century than it was in the period shown in the exhibition .

She stared ahead of her to where Wind Street met High Street but she did n't see the portico of the inn she was passing or the ornate facades of the tall houses ; she was acknowledging to herself that she was falling more and more in love with Craig Grenfell .
she stared ahead of her to where wind street met high street but she did n't see the portico of the inn she was passing or the ornate facades of the tall houses ; she was [noting] to herself that she was falling more and more in love with craig grenfell .

Chris Phillipson , for example , recognizing the precedents to be found in earlier centuries , and acknowledging the ‘ historical consistency ’ of attitudes to older people as a reserve army of labour , maintains , nevertheless , that ‘ what is peculiar to our period is the scale of marginalization and the increase in the number of people directly involved ’ .
chris phillipson , for example , recognizing the precedents to be found in earlier centuries , and [noting] the ‘ historical consistency ’ of attitudes to older people as a reserve army of labour , maintains , nevertheless , that ‘ what is peculiar to our period is the scale of marginalization and the increase in the number of people directly involved ’ .

‘ Maybe that would help the lower ranked people to have the motivation and to get eager , ’ she added , while acknowledging that might merely have the effect of less ambitious ones accepting good money for being relative failures .
‘ maybe that would help the lower ranked people to have the motivation and to get eager , ’ she added , while [noting] that might merely have the effect of less ambitious ones accepting good money for being relative failures .

While acknowledging that the ‘ realisable value of works of art involves subjective judgement ’ the current book value of the stock is given at $ 35,593,953 ( compared to $ 13,257,970 in 1988 ) .
while [noting] that the ‘ realisable value of works of art involves subjective judgement ’ the current book value of the stock is given at $ 35,593,953 ( compared to $ 13,257,970 in 1988 ) .

The next hold-up was outside Boundary Hall where a stream of cars was emerging from his left and not acknowledging his right of way .
the next hold-up was outside boundary hall where a stream of cars was emerging from his left and not [noting] his right of way .

It was a way of acknowledging that they had left school and would shortly start a more grown-up life .
it was a way of [noting] that they had left school and would shortly start a more grown-up life .

He called his acceptance of human sexuality and respect for the female energy Red Thread Zen , acknowledging that life itself would not exist if not for the umbilical cord that connects us to the feminine .
he called his acceptance of human sexuality and respect for the female energy red thread zen , [noting] that life itself would not exist if not for the umbilical cord that connects us to the feminine .

Edward rode always a little ahead of his brother , acknowledging the acclamations of his subjects , and Prince Richard waved and smiled — to be greeted always with an especial cheer .
edward rode always a little ahead of his brother , [noting] the acclamations of his subjects , and prince richard waved and smiled — to be greeted always with an especial cheer .

The functionalist method which he so strenuously championed amounted , in fact , to little more than acknowledging that every custom or institution , however strange and bizarre , served some contemporary purpose .
the functionalist method which he so strenuously championed amounted , in fact , to little more than [noting] that every custom or institution , however strange and bizarre , served some contemporary purpose .

The Platform began by acknowledging the damage that had been done to national relations by the repression of the Stalinist years and by later attempts to accelerate convergence on the basis of an allegedly full and final resolution of the national question .
the platform began by [noting] the damage that had been done to national relations by the repression of the stalinist years and by later attempts to accelerate convergence on the basis of an allegedly full and final resolution of the national question .

The Lewis Carroll logic of this was too much for her ; she ran up a white flag , acknowledging defeat .
the lewis carroll logic of this was too much for her ; she ran up a white flag , [noting] defeat .

He waved , acknowledging her .
he waved , [noting] her .

‘ Good day , Shih Peskova , ’ said Teng , acknowledging the Overseer 's lieutenant with a bow .
‘ good day , shih peskova , ’ said teng , [noting] the overseer 's lieutenant with a bow .

There was a reverent silence , broken only by the hissing of the gas-jets in the wall-brackets , and then Josh stood up , acknowledging his father 's prayer .
there was a reverent silence , broken only by the hissing of the gas-jets in the wall-brackets , and then josh stood up , [noting] his father 's prayer .

Thus it is not at all surprising to find managers acknowledging the importance of local knowledge .
thus it is not at all surprising to find managers [noting] the importance of local knowledge .

Blake says how pleased he is with the firm 's improved performance , acknowledging the considerable efforts and progress it has made .
blake says how pleased he is with the firm 's improved performance , [noting] the considerable efforts and progress it has made .

Havelock Wilson was not unwilling to accept the responsibility for having united the employers in this fashion even to the extent of acknowledging his rashness in so doing .
havelock wilson was not unwilling to accept the responsibility for having united the employers in this fashion even to the extent of [noting] his rashness in so doing .

When this happens the organisation will insist upon the workers concerned signing a document acknowledging their own responsibility for tax .
when this happens the organisation will insist upon the workers concerned signing a document [noting] their own responsibility for tax .

Jacques Devraux continued to ride straight-backed in his saddle without acknowledging the grudging apology , and Paul was beginning to wish he had left it unsaid when his father spoke again in a softer tone . ``
jacques devraux continued to ride straight-backed in his saddle without [noting] the grudging apology , and paul was beginning to wish he had left it unsaid when his father spoke again in a softer tone . ``

Familiarisation of all health care workers with changes in policy and the background of research and development and aims of policy would eliminate some of the frustrations and create a more supportive environment for Health Care Workers who are involved in implementing new policies acknowledging the need for change to meet the new challenges .
familiarisation of all health care workers with changes in policy and the background of research and development and aims of policy would eliminate some of the frustrations and create a more supportive environment for health care workers who are involved in implementing new policies [noting] the need for change to meet the new challenges .

‘ With this new album , we 're acknowledging that , if your 're going to look outwards , it 's also important to look within yourself to find out exactly what you , as an individual , are doing about all this destruction , whether it 's political , social or environmental .
‘ with this new album , we 're [noting] that , if your 're going to look outwards , it 's also important to look within yourself to find out exactly what you , as an individual , are doing about all this destruction , whether it 's political , social or environmental .

What Athens presumably wanted , for pollution could be got rid of , was for the Megarians to vow an expensive building or pay some humiliatingly large fine ( thus acknowledging Athenian ascendancy ) , for the ‘ chief malefactors ’ , i.e .
what athens presumably wanted , for pollution could be got rid of , was for the megarians to vow an expensive building or pay some humiliatingly large fine ( thus [noting] athenian ascendancy ) , for the ‘ chief malefactors ’ , i.e .

On the whole , if we choose this sort of writing , we will be acknowledging that our aim is not of the highest .
on the whole , if we choose this sort of writing , we will be [noting] that our aim is not of the highest .

The main point , though , was that Iran was now offering to help with the British hostages and seemed to be acknowledging that they were alive .
the main point , though , was that iran was now offering to help with the british hostages and seemed to be [noting] that they were alive .

It is important , while acknowledging that many policies are made complex and ambiguous by the conflicts within the policy-making process , to recognize that it is intrinsically difficult to specify some policy goals in terms that will render the implementation process quite clear and unambiguous .
it is important , while [noting] that many policies are made complex and ambiguous by the conflicts within the policy-making process , to recognize that it is intrinsically difficult to specify some policy goals in terms that will render the implementation process quite clear and unambiguous .

There are still many anomalies and too many disabled persons are dependent on income support , but at least the attendance and mobility allowances go some way towards acknowledging the financial burdens of disability .
there are still many anomalies and too many disabled persons are dependent on income support , but at least the attendance and mobility allowances go some way towards [noting] the financial burdens of disability .

Others , however , see the individual 's emotional , social and other more personal needs as top priority and put their emphasis on such things as stimulation , reality orientation and reminiscence work , whilst still acknowledging the value of the former services .
others , however , see the individual 's emotional , social and other more personal needs as top priority and put their emphasis on such things as stimulation , reality orientation and reminiscence work , whilst still [noting] the value of the former services .

The Board of Trustees of Gallaudet College expressed its sentiments by passing a special resolution acknowledging Hayhurst 's international activities and , in particular , his service as a member of the Bureau of the World Federation of the Deaf and as Vice-Chairman of its Commission on communication .
the board of trustees of gallaudet college expressed its sentiments by passing a special resolution [noting] hayhurst 's international activities and , in particular , his service as a member of the bureau of the world federation of the deaf and as vice-chairman of its commission on communication .

Although acknowledging the courage and sincerity of Nizan 's outspoken attacks on bourgeois class oppression , the party continued to view his literary production sceptically , suspiciously .
although [noting] the courage and sincerity of nizan 's outspoken attacks on bourgeois class oppression , the party continued to view his literary production sceptically , suspiciously .

The difficulty in acknowledging the possibility of harm from a method of prophylaxis that seems natural is that the potential hazard is unspecified and hypothetical whereas the potential benefit is specific .
the difficulty in [noting] the possibility of harm from a method of prophylaxis that seems natural is that the potential hazard is unspecified and hypothetical whereas the potential benefit is specific .

Now it might be argued as was done by Kant , for example — that the idea of a non-arbitrary , objective , order is built into the very concept of an external object ; that one can not significantly refer to external objects qua external without acknowledging by implication the existence of such an order ; and in a sense this is of course true .
now it might be argued as was done by kant , for example — that the idea of a non-arbitrary , objective , order is built into the very concept of an external object ; that one can not significantly refer to external objects qua external without [noting] by implication the existence of such an order ; and in a sense this is of course true .

Both the defendants and the Bank of England , while not expressly acknowledging the link , invite the court to proceed for present purposes on the assumption that without the defendants ' breach the Bank of England would not have issued the section 39 notice in its present form .
both the defendants and the bank of england , while not expressly [noting] the link , invite the court to proceed for present purposes on the assumption that without the defendants ' breach the bank of england would not have issued the section 39 notice in its present form .

Lord Bridge then gave his reasons for acknowledging that the Court of Appeal , of which he had been a member , in De Falco v. Crawley Borough Council was wrong to hold that a challenge to a housing authority 's decision on intentional homelessness could be made by action as well as by judicial review , and continued , at p. 294 :
lord bridge then gave his reasons for [noting] that the court of appeal , of which he had been a member , in de falco v. crawley borough council was wrong to hold that a challenge to a housing authority 's decision on intentional homelessness could be made by action as well as by judicial review , and continued , at p. 294 :

Acknowledging the concept of the wounded helper being more effective than the strong .
[noting] the concept of the wounded helper being more effective than the strong .

She was also busy , through Posi , acknowledging and agreeing and setting up con-ordinates for this new meeting .
she was also busy , through posi , [noting] and agreeing and setting up con-ordinates for this new meeting .

Wang smiled and returned the bow to the precise degree — tacitly acknowledging their equality of status-then moved past Li Yuan , pulling the door open .
wang smiled and returned the bow to the precise degree — tacitly [noting] their equality of status-then moved past li yuan , pulling the door open .

DeVore looked back at him , acknowledging his victory .
devore looked back at him , [noting] his victory .

Henry gave him a quick nod , as if acknowledging that Dougal was at liberty to use his intuition too .
henry gave him a quick nod , as if [noting] that dougal was at liberty to use his intuition too .

His eyes moved swiftly over the scene before him , registering but not acknowledging Pascoe and Dalziel .
his eyes moved swiftly over the scene before him , registering but not [noting] pascoe and dalziel .

He looked round , acknowledging the triumph of logic by a small rocking movement of the head .
he looked round , [noting] the triumph of logic by a small rocking movement of the head .

We noted earlier the need for investment in support for heads and in management training , while acknowledging the Authority 's recent ( that is , post-PNP ) initiatives in respect of the latter ( Leeds City Council 1991a ) .
we noted earlier the need for investment in support for heads and in management training , while [noting] the authority 's recent ( that is , post-pnp ) initiatives in respect of the latter ( leeds city council 1991a ) .

We undertook a comparative study of five areas of the curriculum — English , mathematics , science , humanities/environmental studies and art — and while acknowledging the many examples of stimulating and challenging practice , noted problems of imbalance in each of them .
we undertook a comparative study of five areas of the curriculum — english , mathematics , science , humanities/environmental studies and art — and while [noting] the many examples of stimulating and challenging practice , noted problems of imbalance in each of them .

For fourthly he talks about the women in his past , acknowledging that some of it must have been his fault .
for fourthly he talks about the women in his past , [noting] that some of it must have been his fault .

For statistical reasons , they used data from England and Wales only , leaving the separate judicial systems of Northern Ireland and Scotland , while acknowledging the experimental use of control techniques in Northern Ireland , and the softening up of public opinion prior to their introduction to the mainland .
for statistical reasons , they used data from england and wales only , leaving the separate judicial systems of northern ireland and scotland , while [noting] the experimental use of control techniques in northern ireland , and the softening up of public opinion prior to their introduction to the mainland .

Increasingly , doctors are acknowledging the link between prolonged stress and the development of degenerative conditions such as hypertension , cardiovascular disease , strokes , cancer and arthritis .
increasingly , doctors are [noting] the link between prolonged stress and the development of degenerative conditions such as hypertension , cardiovascular disease , strokes , cancer and arthritis .

He was capable of acknowledging defeat with decent civility .
he was capable of [noting] defeat with decent civility .

She stood there beside him , acknowledging the marvellous presence of the terns , and as she did so the thought came to her that striped shirt , and pink tie , and Julia of the leather skirt , presumably passed them by five days a week without knowing that they did so .
she stood there beside him , [noting] the marvellous presence of the terns , and as she did so the thought came to her that striped shirt , and pink tie , and julia of the leather skirt , presumably passed them by five days a week without knowing that they did so .

She made a tiny motion of her head , acknowledging the T'ang 's words ; then she stood and , with bows to Tsu Ma and her husband , turned and went back into the pagoda .
she made a tiny motion of her head , [noting] the t'ang 's words ; then she stood and , with bows to tsu ma and her husband , turned and went back into the pagoda .

Bringing that thought into consciousness means going through the classical stages of acknowledging the anger and the pain before finding acceptance .
bringing that thought into consciousness means going through the classical stages of [noting] the anger and the pain before finding acceptance .

Once the system has accepted an in put from the tablet it gives an acknowledging Beep from the computer and prompts for the next command to execute the function .
once the system has accepted an in put from the tablet it gives an [noting] beep from the computer and prompts for the next command to execute the function .

There were also indications that branches of physical geography were acknowledging the necessity for studies of processes in view of the way in which processes were featuring more prominently in related disciplines . This is reflected in the intentions of journals and in 1947 in the Journal of Glaciology the content of a leaflet issued by the British Glaciological Society was recalled in which
there were also indications that branches of physical geography were [noting] the necessity for studies of processes in view of the way in which processes were featuring more prominently in related disciplines . this is reflected in the intentions of journals and in 1947 in the journal of glaciology the content of a leaflet issued by the british glaciological society was recalled in which

Geomorphology received the clear import of general systems theory when Chorley ( 1962 ) clearly and explicitly reviewed the approach although acknowledging the earlier statements that had been made , particularly by Strahler who had avowed ( Strahler , 1952 , p. 935 ) :
geomorphology received the clear import of general systems theory when chorley ( 1962 ) clearly and explicitly reviewed the approach although [noting] the earlier statements that had been made , particularly by strahler who had avowed ( strahler , 1952 , p. 935 ) :

Acknowledging the creative ideas in the systems approach of Chorley and Kennedy ( 1971 ) five classes of methodology were identified by Terjung ( 1976 ) .
[noting] the creative ideas in the systems approach of chorley and kennedy ( 1971 ) five classes of methodology were identified by terjung ( 1976 ) .

For example , a commitment to acknowledging and validating personal biography must not be a justification for intruding too deeply or too early into a woman 's personal history .
for example , a commitment to [noting] and validating personal biography must not be a justification for intruding too deeply or too early into a woman 's personal history .

On a separate issue , Mr Bradley — implicitly acknowledging booksellers ' concerns about the need for a ‘ level playing field ’ in dealings between themselves and publishers — said that publishers should attempt to avoid putting booksellers ‘ into a position in which they are discriminated against by other deals ’ .
on a separate issue , mr bradley — implicitly [noting] booksellers ' concerns about the need for a ‘ level playing field ’ in dealings between themselves and publishers — said that publishers should attempt to avoid putting booksellers ‘ into a position in which they are discriminated against by other deals ’ .

Many thanks for your letter of 5 April acknowledging my cheque for £100 for the charities for the benefit of which the Swimathon was run .
many thanks for your letter of 5 april [noting] my cheque for £100 for the charities for the benefit of which the swimathon was run .

That the criteria and financial parameters can be related to those of in-house provision , acknowledging that a ‘ mixed ’ economy of service provision is an increasing reality — particularly in relation to the provision of residential care services .
that the criteria and financial parameters can be related to those of in-house provision , [noting] that a ‘ mixed ’ economy of service provision is an increasing reality — particularly in relation to the provision of residential care services .

Conventionalism denies this : a conventionalist judge has no reason for acknowledging consistency in principle as a judicial virtue or for dissecting ambiguous statutes or inexact precedents to try to achieve it .
conventionalism denies this : a conventionalist judge has no reason for [noting] consistency in principle as a judicial virtue or for dissecting ambiguous statutes or inexact precedents to try to achieve it .

It was n't difficult for Rachel to understand what her sister had seen in this man , and just for a moment she found herself reluctantly acknowledging the fact that if she did n't know what she did about him she too would find him very attractive .
it was n't difficult for rachel to understand what her sister had seen in this man , and just for a moment she found herself reluctantly [noting] the fact that if she did n't know what she did about him she too would find him very attractive .

His smile was white and captivating , and he looked all around , acknowledging the greeting , before putting one booted foot on the stool and slinging the strap of the guitar round his neck .
his smile was white and captivating , and he looked all around , [noting] the greeting , before putting one booted foot on the stool and slinging the strap of the guitar round his neck .

He smiled all round , acknowledging the applause , and kissed his hand to some of the girls at the front .
he smiled all round , [noting] the applause , and kissed his hand to some of the girls at the front .

His steel-grey hair was neatly combed , and he stood with great pride acknowledging the cheers of the onlookers .
his steel-grey hair was neatly combed , and he stood with great pride [noting] the cheers of the onlookers .

She was openly acknowledging him as Charles Swift 's successor and his eyes glittered with the knowledge .
she was openly [noting] him as charles swift 's successor and his eyes glittered with the knowledge .

It may be helpful to quickly sketch a ‘ best ’ and ‘ worst ’ scenario , acknowledging that the truth may often lie in-between .
it may be helpful to quickly sketch a ‘ best ’ and ‘ worst ’ scenario , [noting] that the truth may often lie in-between .

The report , while acknowledging a need for pesticides , recommends that health considerations be put before those of agricultural production .
the report , while [noting] a need for pesticides , recommends that health considerations be put before those of agricultural production .

The Russian government has published a report acknowledging that large quantities of Soviet nuclear waste were dumped at sea , in violation of international standards .
the russian government has published a report [noting] that large quantities of soviet nuclear waste were dumped at sea , in violation of international standards .

As the philosopher Gillian Rose has pointed out , `` recognising our transformative or productive activity has a special claim as a mode of acknowledging actuality which transcends the dichotomies between theoretical and practical reason … transformative activity acknowledges actuality in the act and does not oppose act to non-act `` .
as the philosopher gillian rose has pointed out , `` recognising our transformative or productive activity has a special claim as a mode of [noting] actuality which transcends the dichotomies between theoretical and practical reason … transformative activity acknowledges actuality in the act and does not oppose act to non-act `` .

Acknowledging his administrative talents and scholarly assets , Mrs Stevenson said the board felt , ‘ He simply did not have the specific skills which were needed for the job ’ .
[noting] his administrative talents and scholarly assets , mrs stevenson said the board felt , ‘ he simply did not have the specific skills which were needed for the job ’ .

Acknowledging that he would have to reintroduce his entire regulatory bill if the senate fails to act , Brodsky declared , ‘ We are not going to go away ’ .
[noting] that he would have to reintroduce his entire regulatory bill if the senate fails to act , brodsky declared , ‘ we are not going to go away ’ .

Acknowledging the war-ravaged society 's indigence , he stressed the need to avoid ‘ a greedy disaster ’ .
[noting] the war-ravaged society 's indigence , he stressed the need to avoid ‘ a greedy disaster ’ .

His theory is based on psychological studies of the reading process ; acknowledging the extent to which the integration of understanding and recognition is responsible for the fluent reading capabilities displayed by people .
his theory is based on psychological studies of the reading process ; [noting] the extent to which the integration of understanding and recognition is responsible for the fluent reading capabilities displayed by people .

Counsellors need to develop their skills of listening , attending , acknowledging , and reflecting back to clients what has been said through summary or paraphrase .
counsellors need to develop their skills of listening , attending , [noting] , and reflecting back to clients what has been said through summary or paraphrase .

They have learnt the convention of adopting a ‘ detached ’ role , of not indicating their own presence in a situation and of not acknowledging what they know about others .
they have learnt the convention of adopting a ‘ detached ’ role , of not indicating their own presence in a situation and of not [noting] what they know about others .

There is an important strand in English thought , which is traceable to Hobbes 's idea of civitas , and which believes that the only way to preserve society is by acknowledging a perpetual sovereign power .
there is an important strand in english thought , which is traceable to hobbes 's idea of civitas , and which believes that the only way to preserve society is by [noting] a perpetual sovereign power .

While acknowledging that there were some schools which had built up a good range of resources and had successfully integrated their school library with the teaching and learning taking place in the school , it appeared at this time that many demonstrated one or all of the following basic problems :
while [noting] that there were some schools which had built up a good range of resources and had successfully integrated their school library with the teaching and learning taking place in the school , it appeared at this time that many demonstrated one or all of the following basic problems :

In 1986 , tacitly acknowledging Getty-power , it retitled a slimmed-down version Recent Acquisitions .
in 1986 , tacitly [noting] getty-power , it retitled a slimmed-down version recent acquisitions .

Most awards tend to be hundreds of pounds rather than the tens of thousands in private compensation you read about in the papers — but as Victim Support director Helen Reeves ( pictured above ) points out : ‘ Compensation is an important way of acknowledging that such crime is not acceptable .
most awards tend to be hundreds of pounds rather than the tens of thousands in private compensation you read about in the papers — but as victim support director helen reeves ( pictured above ) points out : ‘ compensation is an important way of [noting] that such crime is not acceptable .

’ Victims have said that it is a way of acknowledging that they are worth something — a common psychological problem after being a victim of a serious crime , is a feeling of worthlessness .
’ victims have said that it is a way of [noting] that they are worth something — a common psychological problem after being a victim of a serious crime , is a feeling of worthlessness .

It is difficult to imagine , for example , the Church acknowledging a secular ruler as a ‘ fullyfledged ’ priest-king in the traditional biblical sense .
it is difficult to imagine , for example , the church [noting] a secular ruler as a ‘ fullyfledged ’ priest-king in the traditional biblical sense .

All the same it is extraordinary to find the Roman Church ( 1 ) acquiescing in Constantine 's total indifference to Jesus ; ( 2 ) deferring to Constantine 's presentation of himself as the Messiah ; and ( 3 ) acknowledging the definition of Messiahship — that is , a military and political figure — embodied by Constantine .
all the same it is extraordinary to find the roman church ( 1 ) acquiescing in constantine 's total indifference to jesus ; ( 2 ) deferring to constantine 's presentation of himself as the messiah ; and ( 3 ) [noting] the definition of messiahship — that is , a military and political figure — embodied by constantine .

The rise and fall of governments appeared to be a private arrangement , comfortably thrashed out among a selection of small Balkan states , vaguely situated , acknowledging no relationships outside the domestic circle .
the rise and fall of governments appeared to be a private arrangement , comfortably thrashed out among a selection of small balkan states , vaguely situated , [noting] no relationships outside the domestic circle .

Acknowledging that it would appear unjust to pay higher allowances out of taxation to the middle classes , she argued that it would only be possible if the higher allowances were paid for by the income groups or occupations which benefitted from them .
[noting] that it would appear unjust to pay higher allowances out of taxation to the middle classes , she argued that it would only be possible if the higher allowances were paid for by the income groups or occupations which benefitted from them .

In its reply the profession , while acknowledging its willingness to co-operate in the provision of relevant additional information , expressed concern that concentration on expenses and charges , while ignoring more important aspects of product and company selection such as the investment return , might not be in the best interests of consumers .
in its reply the profession , while [noting] its willingness to co-operate in the provision of relevant additional information , expressed concern that concentration on expenses and charges , while ignoring more important aspects of product and company selection such as the investment return , might not be in the best interests of consumers .

It is a condition of this appointment that you complete the attached waiver agreeing to the exclusion of any claim to statutory rights in respect of unfair dismissal or redundancy payment on the expiry of your appointment without its being renewed or extended , and acknowledging that you will not be entitled to redundancy payments on such expiry .
it is a condition of this appointment that you complete the attached waiver agreeing to the exclusion of any claim to statutory rights in respect of unfair dismissal or redundancy payment on the expiry of your appointment without its being renewed or extended , and [noting] that you will not be entitled to redundancy payments on such expiry .

She circled Tallis twice , staring down at her , not touching , not acknowledging her beyond the hard , contemptuous stare .
she circled tallis twice , staring down at her , not touching , not [noting] her beyond the hard , contemptuous stare .

The Doctor turned around without acknowledging the poet 's statement .
the doctor turned around without [noting] the poet 's statement .

Nevertheless , state-centrists , transnational relations advocates and Marxists of several persuasions , while acknowledging the growing importance of the global system in one form or another , all continue to prioritize the system of nation-states , they all fall back on it to describe what happens in the world , and to explain how and why it happens .
nevertheless , state-centrists , transnational relations advocates and marxists of several persuasions , while [noting] the growing importance of the global system in one form or another , all continue to prioritize the system of nation-states , they all fall back on it to describe what happens in the world , and to explain how and why it happens .

Identifying the common thread and acknowledging the presence of God in our lives ;
identifying the common thread and [noting] the presence of god in our lives ;

The Zaïrean authorities denied the newspaper reports , while acknowledging that there had been student unrest , and refused requests for an international inquiry into the alleged incident .
the zaïrean authorities denied the newspaper reports , while [noting] that there had been student unrest , and refused requests for an international inquiry into the alleged incident .

On July 11 , acknowledging the strength of recent protests by peasant farmers who had succeeded in blocking roads throughout the country , the government made several conciliatory gestures .
on july 11 , [noting] the strength of recent protests by peasant farmers who had succeeded in blocking roads throughout the country , the government made several conciliatory gestures .

Acknowledging that austere fiscal policies introduced in July 1988 [ see p. 36698 ] were responsible for the fall , analysts noted it was achieved only at a cost of increased unemployment and bankruptcies .
[noting] that austere fiscal policies introduced in july 1988 [ see p. 36698 ] were responsible for the fall , analysts noted it was achieved only at a cost of increased unemployment and bankruptcies .

Clive Ponting qualifies his own claims concerning American leverage by acknowledging that Wilson was wholly opposed to devaluation , and differed at most from the Americans over the details of the British role East of Suez .
clive ponting qualifies his own claims concerning american leverage by [noting] that wilson was wholly opposed to devaluation , and differed at most from the americans over the details of the british role east of suez .

Obtain representation in writing from the client acknowledging its responsibility .
obtain representation in writing from the client [noting] its responsibility .

‘ ( a ) no evidence shall be admissible in any proceedings before a judicial authority exercising its jurisdiction or functions in Great Britain to prove that any such person has committed … any offence which was the subject of a spent conviction ; and ’ ( b ) a person shall not , in any such proceedings , be asked , and , if asked , shall not be required to answer , any question relating to his past that can not be answered without acknowledging or referring to a spent conviction or spent convictions or any circumstances thereto ; … ’
‘ ( a ) no evidence shall be admissible in any proceedings before a judicial authority exercising its jurisdiction or functions in great britain to prove that any such person has committed … any offence which was the subject of a spent conviction ; and ’ ( b ) a person shall not , in any such proceedings , be asked , and , if asked , shall not be required to answer , any question relating to his past that can not be answered without [noting] or referring to a spent conviction or spent convictions or any circumstances thereto ; … ’

‘ The pleasure was all mine , ’ Rob said , acknowledging Merrill 's thanks .
‘ the pleasure was all mine , ’ rob said , [noting] merrill 's thanks .

He did not even know that most of the Scottish host had already cast off everything that weighed it down , and taken to flight , acknowledging the truth of this meeting .
he did not even know that most of the scottish host had already cast off everything that weighed it down , and taken to flight , [noting] the truth of this meeting .

However not all generative linguists take such a precise view of grammar , acknowledging the ability of humans to interpret a wide range of ungrammatical sentences .
however not all generative linguists take such a precise view of grammar , [noting] the ability of humans to interpret a wide range of ungrammatical sentences .

Acknowledging the hit , she grinned . ‘ So which one of our lot instigated this one ? ’
[noting] the hit , she grinned . ‘ so which one of our lot instigated this one ? ’

Acute disappointment had her dropping the phone without even acknowledging his last explanation .
acute disappointment had her dropping the phone without even [noting] his last explanation .

Kate had been all too aware of the stiffening in the figure next to her , even if he had ignored the girl , apart from an acknowledging , casual smile in her direction .
kate had been all too aware of the stiffening in the figure next to her , even if he had ignored the girl , apart from an [noting] , casual smile in her direction .

Acknowledging this interdependence allows us to make the courageous leap of ‘ letting in ’ the fetus , of rejecting the idea that it is simply a clump of cells , of taking it into our moral accounting and allowing it to make some claim on our attentions .
[noting] this interdependence allows us to make the courageous leap of ‘ letting in ’ the fetus , of rejecting the idea that it is simply a clump of cells , of taking it into our moral accounting and allowing it to make some claim on our attentions .

Ultimately what we are talking about is acknowledging the seriousness of abortion .
ultimately what we are talking about is [noting] the seriousness of abortion .

In the case of the mid-seventeenth century we find groups of current historians who share social and frequently explicit political assumptions identifying themselves with right and left , and often implicitly acknowledging that their own political agendas dictate not only their naming of the past but their unhappiness with opposing critical orientations .
in the case of the mid-seventeenth century we find groups of current historians who share social and frequently explicit political assumptions identifying themselves with right and left , and often implicitly [noting] that their own political agendas dictate not only their naming of the past but their unhappiness with opposing critical orientations .

The Ranter Jacob Bauthumley begins his tract on The Light and Dark side of God acknowledging ‘ the most unto whose hand it [ i.e .
the ranter jacob bauthumley begins his tract on the light and dark side of god [noting] ‘ the most unto whose hand it [ i.e .

the document given by the shipowner acknowledging that he has received the goods ) will usually indicate that the goods are held according to the seller 's instructions .
the document given by the shipowner [noting] that he has received the goods ) will usually indicate that the goods are held according to the seller 's instructions .

the document given by a shipowner acknowledging that he has received goods which have been shipped ) .
the document given by a shipowner [noting] that he has received goods which have been shipped ) .

‘ In that case , are you freely acknowledging that Stephen should remain King , madam ?
‘ in that case , are you freely [noting] that stephen should remain king , madam ?

Tom brushed past Belinda in the doorway , his frowning mask of a face barely acknowledging her presence .
tom brushed past belinda in the doorway , his frowning mask of a face barely [noting] her presence .

In acknowledging these principles , Sears ' is consistent with traditional ideas on the construction of alphabetical subject catalogues ; these are also followed in the Library of Congress List of Subject Headings .
in [noting] these principles , sears ' is consistent with traditional ideas on the construction of alphabetical subject catalogues ; these are also followed in the library of congress list of subject headings .

‘ Yes , ’ he confirmed drily , acknowledging her lack of surprise when he walked into her office after Penny Seu Chen had announced his presence . ‘ Did n't you warn Jones that he 'd have to wait a while ? ’
‘ yes , ’ he confirmed drily , [noting] her lack of surprise when he walked into her office after penny seu chen had announced his presence . ‘ did n't you warn jones that he 'd have to wait a while ? ’

Her initial instinct was to hit out at him in violent retaliation , the insults unendurable and unanswerable in any other way , and yet at the same time , some still , small place of recognition at the centre of all that red-hot emotion was acknowledging the kernel of truth hidden within the offensive words .
her initial instinct was to hit out at him in violent retaliation , the insults unendurable and unanswerable in any other way , and yet at the same time , some still , small place of recognition at the centre of all that red-hot emotion was [noting] the kernel of truth hidden within the offensive words .

The Prince smirked and Gaveston turned , for the first time acknowledging their presence with a condescending sneer .
the prince smirked and gaveston turned , for the first time [noting] their presence with a condescending sneer .

The procession wound around the whole tournament area , knights and men-at-arms acknowledging the cheers and cries of the crowd .
the procession wound around the whole tournament area , knights and men-at-arms [noting] the cheers and cries of the crowd .

Claudia smiled wryly , acknowledging that Roman would always receive this kind of reaction from every woman he met .
claudia smiled wryly , [noting] that roman would always receive this kind of reaction from every woman he met .

The yard replied acknowledging that the difference of opinion had been settled and promising to increase the letter of credit .
the yard replied [noting] that the difference of opinion had been settled and promising to increase the letter of credit .

Finally , MacNalty absolved the school medical service from prime responsibility for the condition of the evacuees : while acknowledging the ‘ unexpectedly high incidence of pediculosis and bad habits among school children ’ that had been revealed , he favoured the following analysis :
finally , macnalty absolved the school medical service from prime responsibility for the condition of the evacuees : while [noting] the ‘ unexpectedly high incidence of pediculosis and bad habits among school children ’ that had been revealed , he favoured the following analysis :

The news agency Interfax reported on July 5 that at a joint meeting the two opposition movements , Birlik and Erk , had decided on joint action , acknowledging that the differences in approach between them since Erk 's split from Birlik in late 1989 had played into the hands of the government .
the news agency interfax reported on july 5 that at a joint meeting the two opposition movements , birlik and erk , had decided on joint action , [noting] that the differences in approach between them since erk 's split from birlik in late 1989 had played into the hands of the government .

Acknowledging that South Africa 's economy was far bigger and more sophisticated that their own , members agreed that South Africa 's eventual membership would increase the organization 's resources and the developmental pace of the region .
[noting] that south africa 's economy was far bigger and more sophisticated that their own , members agreed that south africa 's eventual membership would increase the organization 's resources and the developmental pace of the region .

The government , acknowledging the dismal state of the economy , had meanwhile taken some steps to relax central control and on April 4 approved decrees allowing a small degree of private enterprise [ see p. 38160 ] .
the government , [noting] the dismal state of the economy , had meanwhile taken some steps to relax central control and on april 4 approved decrees allowing a small degree of private enterprise [ see p. 38160 ] .

On July 10 a White House spokeswoman , acknowledging that Thomas had taken `` several puffs `` of marijuana whilst a student , said that Bush considered such youthful experimentation as `` inconsequential `` .
on july 10 a white house spokeswoman , [noting] that thomas had taken `` several puffs `` of marijuana whilst a student , said that bush considered such youthful experimentation as `` inconsequential `` .

As the build-up to the pending general election got under way , the position of the leader of the Liberal Democrats , Paddy Ashdown , came under scrutiny when on Feb. 5 he made a statement acknowledging that some years earlier he had had a `` brief relationship `` with a woman ( identified as Patricia Sullivan , now known under the name Howard ) ; he stressed , however , that this `` should have remained a private and personal matter of concern only to those involved `` .
as the build-up to the pending general election got under way , the position of the leader of the liberal democrats , paddy ashdown , came under scrutiny when on feb. 5 he made a statement [noting] that some years earlier he had had a `` brief relationship `` with a woman ( identified as patricia sullivan , now known under the name howard ) ; he stressed , however , that this `` should have remained a private and personal matter of concern only to those involved `` .

Acknowledging that the new government faced enormous problems in reconstructing the debt-ridden economy , Chiluba warned that subsidies on cornmeal would be removed , although he stressed that measures would be taken to ensure that people could afford this staple food .
[noting] that the new government faced enormous problems in reconstructing the debt-ridden economy , chiluba warned that subsidies on cornmeal would be removed , although he stressed that measures would be taken to ensure that people could afford this staple food .

On Nov. 15 , acknowledging the seriousness of the economic crisis in Finland , the centre-right government of Esko Aho devalued the markka by 12.3 per cent .
on nov. 15 , [noting] the seriousness of the economic crisis in finland , the centre-right government of esko aho devalued the markka by 12.3 per cent .

The government reviewed its relations with Taiwan , but decided to maintain its current policy of recognizing only the People 's Republic of China as the sole legitimate government of China , acknowledging China 's claim that Taiwan constituted a province of the mainland .
the government reviewed its relations with taiwan , but decided to maintain its current policy of recognizing only the people 's republic of china as the sole legitimate government of china , [noting] china 's claim that taiwan constituted a province of the mainland .

In a national address on Nov. 29 Pérez , while acknowledging that government mistakes had been made , claimed that the process of economic austerity and reform had been necessary .
in a national address on nov. 29 pérez , while [noting] that government mistakes had been made , claimed that the process of economic austerity and reform had been necessary .

Acknowledging the dismal state of the economy , the government had begun to open the door to some foreign investors , mostly those of Albanian origin , to help in the construction of hotels and to sell key consumer items with permission to export profits through barter .
[noting] the dismal state of the economy , the government had begun to open the door to some foreign investors , mostly those of albanian origin , to help in the construction of hotels and to sell key consumer items with permission to export profits through barter .

The 131-page report went beyond Meech Lake in its proposed redistribution of power from federal to provincial governments , particularly to Quebec , and in acknowledging the inherent right to self-government by Canada 's native Indian and Inuit populations .
the 131-page report went beyond meech lake in its proposed redistribution of power from federal to provincial governments , particularly to quebec , and in [noting] the inherent right to self-government by canada 's native indian and inuit populations .

Fernando Collor de Mello , 43 , on the same day signed a notice from the Senate , thereby formally acknowledging his 180-day suspension from office following the Chamber of Deputies vote on Sept. 29 to impeach him on corruption charges [ see p. 39079 ] .
fernando collor de mello , 43 , on the same day signed a notice from the senate , thereby formally [noting] his 180-day suspension from office following the chamber of deputies vote on sept. 29 to impeach him on corruption charges [ see p. 39079 ] .

The `` crisis `` was also used as an opportunity to bring the education and training of nurses in line with the demands of the twenty-first century , acknowledging some of the trends discussed earlier in the chapter .
the `` crisis `` was also used as an opportunity to bring the education and training of nurses in line with the demands of the twenty-first century , [noting] some of the trends discussed earlier in the chapter .

Acknowledging the extent of social need in the elderly does not mean accepting that dependency irreversibly deepens with age , from mild to intense .
[noting] the extent of social need in the elderly does not mean accepting that dependency irreversibly deepens with age , from mild to intense .

While acknowledging the value of this leaflet , it was agreed that a clear statement of our convictions and intentions would be welcomed by the majority of our supporters .
while [noting] the value of this leaflet , it was agreed that a clear statement of our convictions and intentions would be welcomed by the majority of our supporters .

You could begin your essay by acknowledging this and continue to work with the definitions throughout the essay , relating the different definitions together in the conclusion .
you could begin your essay by [noting] this and continue to work with the definitions throughout the essay , relating the different definitions together in the conclusion .

By acknowledging sources , you show the foundations for the speculations or conclusions you yourself are adding .
by [noting] sources , you show the foundations for the speculations or conclusions you yourself are adding .

Either no words should have been changed and the original should have been presented as a quotation , or the original should have been rewritten as a paraphrase ( in both cases , acknowledging that the whole passage comes from the textbook , something the extract above from `` Foregrounding in King Lear `` does n't do ) .
either no words should have been changed and the original should have been presented as a quotation , or the original should have been rewritten as a paraphrase ( in both cases , [noting] that the whole passage comes from the textbook , something the extract above from `` foregrounding in king lear `` does n't do ) .

This is not cheating but acknowledging that the change-over period is one of difficulty and strain and should be made as attractive as possible .
this is not cheating but [noting] that the change-over period is one of difficulty and strain and should be made as attractive as possible .

Gunn is acknowledging the dream as an act of reassurance coming from his own soul , not that of his dead friend .
gunn is [noting] the dream as an act of reassurance coming from his own soul , not that of his dead friend .

Now he strode towards the hall , acknowledging the respectful salutes of Party agents .
now he strode towards the hall , [noting] the respectful salutes of party agents .

Mournfully they toured the two houses , acknowledging with a glance , a pat , or some reminiscence , every object that they loved .
mournfully they toured the two houses , [noting] with a glance , a pat , or some reminiscence , every object that they loved .

In visiting a Catholic school , O'Neill might have thought he was doing no more than acknowledging that Catholics formed a sizeable part of the population of Northern Ireland and that Catholic schools were largely supported from public funds which his government administered .
in visiting a catholic school , o'neill might have thought he was doing no more than [noting] that catholics formed a sizeable part of the population of northern ireland and that catholic schools were largely supported from public funds which his government administered .

To return to my burglary , it became possible to make alternative arrangements : to let family members know and to replace the presents with other things made available by other people or by just acknowledging that they would be replaced when the insurance money came through !
to return to my burglary , it became possible to make alternative arrangements : to let family members know and to replace the presents with other things made available by other people or by just [noting] that they would be replaced when the insurance money came through !

She ate placidly , acknowledging to herself with her customary good sense that at the moment , as at any time since her brother William had died , she and Penelope were getting no pleasure at all from each other 's company .
she ate placidly , [noting] to herself with her customary good sense that at the moment , as at any time since her brother william had died , she and penelope were getting no pleasure at all from each other 's company .

The Remembrance ceremonies this coming weekend will be part of that myth-making process which , while acknowledging the horror of war , will also be justifying war as means of solving conflicts .
the remembrance ceremonies this coming weekend will be part of that myth-making process which , while [noting] the horror of war , will also be justifying war as means of solving conflicts .

While other poets busily peer about them , acknowledging the given world , Porter looks inwards at the figures described by his imagination .
while other poets busily peer about them , [noting] the given world , porter looks inwards at the figures described by his imagination .

‘ Of course we would like to see lower interest rates , ’ he said , acknowledging the burden on people paying mortagages .
‘ of course we would like to see lower interest rates , ’ he said , [noting] the burden on people paying mortagages .

Even acknowledging these differences was an institutional difficulty .
even [noting] these differences was an institutional difficulty .

While the report was acknowledging considerable dieback , the press release which accompanied it three days before Christmas ( a traditional moment for government departments to ‘ bury ’ embarrassing statistics ) spoke only of ‘ no sign … of the forest decline which is of such great concern in central Europe ’ .
while the report was [noting] considerable dieback , the press release which accompanied it three days before christmas ( a traditional moment for government departments to ‘ bury ’ embarrassing statistics ) spoke only of ‘ no sign … of the forest decline which is of such great concern in central europe ’ .

Acknowledging this they presented the Club with an engraved silver rose bowl in 1984 in appreciation of some 15 years of play at Henley which they had chosen from the Daily Telegraph Book on Golf Courses !
[noting] this they presented the club with an engraved silver rose bowl in 1984 in appreciation of some 15 years of play at henley which they had chosen from the daily telegraph book on golf courses !

We will then either send you a full response , or if your complaint needs further investigation by a third party or a site visit , an acknowledging letter explaining the reasons why a full response can not be sent immediately .
we will then either send you a full response , or if your complaint needs further investigation by a third party or a site visit , an [noting] letter explaining the reasons why a full response can not be sent immediately .

There 's more information inside about how we shall be acknowledging higher quality standards .
there 's more information inside about how we shall be [noting] higher quality standards .

Acknowledging higher quality standards
[noting] higher quality standards

Acknowledging that yesterday 's inflation figure of 7.6 per cent was ‘ far too high ’ for a Conservative government , she promised it would be brought down again .
[noting] that yesterday 's inflation figure of 7.6 per cent was ‘ far too high ’ for a conservative government , she promised it would be brought down again .

Inquiries by The Independent have confirmed that while West Midlands Police were publicly acknowledging the existence of four or five complaints against the squad , its internal investigations department knew of three more in which serious allegations had been made against detectives .
inquiries by the independent have confirmed that while west midlands police were publicly [noting] the existence of four or five complaints against the squad , its internal investigations department knew of three more in which serious allegations had been made against detectives .

In fact the dream that we all had about Great Britain acknowledging it 's theatre and funding it properly has suffered a lot of setbacks since the ‘ sixties ’ .
in fact the dream that we all had about great britain [noting] it 's theatre and funding it properly has suffered a lot of setbacks since the ‘ sixties ’ .

Humbly acknowledging all our obligations to our Divine Lord , Jesus Christ , Who sustained our fathers through centuries of trial ,
humbly [noting] all our obligations to our divine lord , jesus christ , who sustained our fathers through centuries of trial ,

For how can one really study a system of state control without acknowledging that such an activity itself is antithetical to the direction of power ?
for how can one really study a system of state control without [noting] that such an activity itself is antithetical to the direction of power ?

Meditation is a tacit way of acknowledging that truth does not live in us , but in God alone .
meditation is a tacit way of [noting] that truth does not live in us , but in god alone .

It was encouraging to receive a letter from the Hastings Urban Conservation project a few months later saying , ‘ The Borough Council are talking in positive terms about the future of the building … The balance has tipped from viewing the problem entirely in terms of liability and expense to acknowledging that it also offers an opportunity … There is no doubt that the progress achieved to date has to a significant extent been the result of your backing .
it was encouraging to receive a letter from the hastings urban conservation project a few months later saying , ‘ the borough council are talking in positive terms about the future of the building … the balance has tipped from viewing the problem entirely in terms of liability and expense to [noting] that it also offers an opportunity … there is no doubt that the progress achieved to date has to a significant extent been the result of your backing .

That is the nature of the self-punishment which Britain inflicted on itself by maintaining in its law the assertion that citizens of other countries , wholly independent and acknowledging a different head of state , were nevertheless in every respect members of the single category of ‘ British subjects ’ , possessing within the United Kingdom the rights that attach to that category .
that is the nature of the self-punishment which britain inflicted on itself by maintaining in its law the assertion that citizens of other countries , wholly independent and [noting] a different head of state , were nevertheless in every respect members of the single category of ‘ british subjects ’ , possessing within the united kingdom the rights that attach to that category .

As we all hastily undressed , Geordie was happily acknowledging the cheers from his newly acquired fans who , judging by their enthusiasm , appreciated Geordie 's special features .
as we all hastily undressed , geordie was happily [noting] the cheers from his newly acquired fans who , judging by their enthusiasm , appreciated geordie 's special features .

The boys grinned a little sheepishly , acknowledging her courage .
the boys grinned a little sheepishly , [noting] her courage .

In sum then , while acknowledging the stature of some elements of this constellation , such as the historical aspects of Foucault 's work or the critical élan of Fredric Jameson ( not to mention the giant figure of Habermas ) , Callinicos develops a root and branch assault on claims for the cultural distinction of the ‘ postmodern ’ , for the conceptual adequacy of its theoretical base , and above all for the deleterious political consequences of adherence to it .
in sum then , while [noting] the stature of some elements of this constellation , such as the historical aspects of foucault 's work or the critical élan of fredric jameson ( not to mention the giant figure of habermas ) , callinicos develops a root and branch assault on claims for the cultural distinction of the ‘ postmodern ’ , for the conceptual adequacy of its theoretical base , and above all for the deleterious political consequences of adherence to it .

It left the Labour hierarchy acknowledging frankly that the long-running dispute had ended in stalemate , and with no clear plan for achieving a generally acceptable constitutional formula .
it left the labour hierarchy [noting] frankly that the long-running dispute had ended in stalemate , and with no clear plan for achieving a generally acceptable constitutional formula .

But there are conservatives , who , while acknowledging the successes of quantum mechanical methods , caution against complacency .
but there are conservatives , who , while [noting] the successes of quantum mechanical methods , caution against complacency .

Many found it easier to recognise the sufferings of others — under Apartheid , in Vietnam , Nicaragua — before acknowledging their own — hopeless marriages , the aftermath of incest , the pain of family rejection , the struggle between conflicting cultures .
many found it easier to recognise the sufferings of others — under apartheid , in vietnam , nicaragua — before [noting] their own — hopeless marriages , the aftermath of incest , the pain of family rejection , the struggle between conflicting cultures .

Lord Joseph 's family was ‘ minimally observant ’ but ‘ maximally acknowledging ’ of Judaism , and his concern for poverty is , in a way , quintessentially Jewish , underpinned by a sense of charity and a belief that prosperity can be encouraged , as can his favourite condition , embourgeoisement .
lord joseph 's family was ‘ minimally observant ’ but ‘ maximally [noting] ’ of judaism , and his concern for poverty is , in a way , quintessentially jewish , underpinned by a sense of charity and a belief that prosperity can be encouraged , as can his favourite condition , embourgeoisement .

The other assumption was that the performance of the sows would be the same on both systems while acknowledging the need for extra feed at 100kg a sow in order to maintain condition outdoors .
the other assumption was that the performance of the sows would be the same on both systems while [noting] the need for extra feed at 100kg a sow in order to maintain condition outdoors .

Acknowledging the need
[noting] the need

Allied to , but different from , acknowledging the need securing commitment is a matter of ensuring that everyone connected with the operation is personally committed to maintaining standards .
allied to , but different from , [noting] the need securing commitment is a matter of ensuring that everyone connected with the operation is personally committed to maintaining standards .

However , the reader could still maintain an internally consistent position by advocating ‘ incorporation ’ as the only feasible route to modernisation and development , at the same time as acknowledging the linkages between these processes and soil erosion .
however , the reader could still maintain an internally consistent position by advocating ‘ incorporation ’ as the only feasible route to modernisation and development , at the same time as [noting] the linkages between these processes and soil erosion .

Acknowledging the problems inherent in the learned safety hypothesis , Kalat ( 1977 ) suggested a revision which he referred to as ‘ learned non-correlation ’ .
[noting] the problems inherent in the learned safety hypothesis , kalat ( 1977 ) suggested a revision which he referred to as ‘ learned non-correlation ’ .

Terry Eagleton came some way to acknowledging this , in a quasi-refutation of his Althusserian phase , when he included himself among the English Marxist intellectuals who ‘ managed the difficult dialectical trick of appropriating certain Althusserian concepts in blithe ignorance or disregard of their guilty political context .
terry eagleton came some way to [noting] this , in a quasi-refutation of his althusserian phase , when he included himself among the english marxist intellectuals who ‘ managed the difficult dialectical trick of appropriating certain althusserian concepts in blithe ignorance or disregard of their guilty political context .

Acknowledging the apparent opposition between these two terms , he goes on to argue , and to show from historical evidence , that throughout the nineteenth century , and into the early twentieth , much of the central function of criticism was carried by literary and cultural journalism , most of it , admittedly , of a more spacious and literate order than is common today .
[noting] the apparent opposition between these two terms , he goes on to argue , and to show from historical evidence , that throughout the nineteenth century , and into the early twentieth , much of the central function of criticism was carried by literary and cultural journalism , most of it , admittedly , of a more spacious and literate order than is common today .

Thank you for all the phone calls and cards that came acknowledging my loss , offering emotional support and practical help .
thank you for all the phone calls and cards that came [noting] my loss , offering emotional support and practical help .

Wilcox grunted as if acknowledging a debating point , from which she deduced that he was a bully and needed to be stood up to .
wilcox grunted as if [noting] a debating point , from which she deduced that he was a bully and needed to be stood up to .

Such a qualified endorsement of the authority of the law falls short of acknowledging the authority the law claims for itself in two respects .
such a qualified endorsement of the authority of the law falls short of [noting] the authority the law claims for itself in two respects .

Are there non-parasitic reasons that justify acknowledging the validity of consent in certain classes of cases ?
are there non-parasitic reasons that justify [noting] the validity of consent in certain classes of cases ?

However , acknowledging the right did not mean that the party favoured people using it . For
however , [noting] the right did not mean that the party favoured people using it . for

After this , most of the east and south-east of Moorish Spain offered tribute to El Cid , acknowledging him as their overlord and paying out 95,000 dinars a year for his protection .
after this , most of the east and south-east of moorish spain offered tribute to el cid , [noting] him as their overlord and paying out 95,000 dinars a year for his protection .

An American writer , Searles , wrote vividly about the importance of acknowledging strong , romantic feelings between parents and children of the opposite sex . Speaking of his daughter , he said ,
an american writer , searles , wrote vividly about the importance of [noting] strong , romantic feelings between parents and children of the opposite sex . speaking of his daughter , he said ,

We smiled , acknowledging the difference of our worlds .
we smiled , [noting] the difference of our worlds .

The applications sometimes know this because the employer says so in acknowledging the first approach .
the applications sometimes know this because the employer says so in [noting] the first approach .

Acknowledging that his friendship with the owner of the ravaged poodle had ended , Signor Boretti said , ‘ We had played dominoes together for close on sixty years .
[noting] that his friendship with the owner of the ravaged poodle had ended , signor boretti said , ‘ we had played dominoes together for close on sixty years .

Any lender who displayed the Association 's symbol indicating he was a member was also publicly acknowledging adherence to the Code .
any lender who displayed the association 's symbol indicating he was a member was also publicly [noting] adherence to the code .

But above all , engineers are only slowly acknowledging that many Western solutions , principally water-borne sewerage systems , are not the right answer for many parts of the Third World .
but above all , engineers are only slowly [noting] that many western solutions , principally water-borne sewerage systems , are not the right answer for many parts of the third world .

Myra Chave-Jones , a psychotherapist , in her book Coping with Depression says , ‘ The successful and lasting treatment of depression involves openly acknowledging its existence .
myra chave-jones , a psychotherapist , in her book coping with depression says , ‘ the successful and lasting treatment of depression involves openly [noting] its existence .

In spite of acknowledging all these factors , most of us still spend an inordinate amount of time prettifying and refurbishing the outside of ourselves .
in spite of [noting] all these factors , most of us still spend an inordinate amount of time prettifying and refurbishing the outside of ourselves .

It would be wrong to end without acknowledging that emigration from Ayrshire was not confined to the 18th and 19th centuries .
it would be wrong to end without [noting] that emigration from ayrshire was not confined to the 18th and 19th centuries .

Humanity will insist that individuals must accept their personal obligations by acknowledging that they do have within them impulses and appetites which are a legacy from millions of years of ruthless evolution , and that the time has come when they must introduce into their lives the concept of a high standard of self-discipline to control those impulses and appetites .
humanity will insist that individuals must accept their personal obligations by [noting] that they do have within them impulses and appetites which are a legacy from millions of years of ruthless evolution , and that the time has come when they must introduce into their lives the concept of a high standard of self-discipline to control those impulses and appetites .

Humanity will insist that individuals must accept their personal obligations by acknowledging that they do have within them impulses and appetites which are a legacy from millions of years of ruthless evolution , and that the time has come when they must introduce into their lives the concept of a high standard of self discipline to control those impulses and appetites .
humanity will insist that individuals must accept their personal obligations by [noting] that they do have within them impulses and appetites which are a legacy from millions of years of ruthless evolution , and that the time has come when they must introduce into their lives the concept of a high standard of self discipline to control those impulses and appetites .

It meant acknowledging they had wasted time and time mattered .
it meant [noting] they had wasted time and time mattered .

Acknowledging , then , the value of direct experience , books and similar media still serve a purpose by :
[noting] , then , the value of direct experience , books and similar media still serve a purpose by :

Acknowledging , then , the importance of positive attitudes in those who work with young readers , how can we ensure that all staff possess such attitudes ?
[noting] , then , the importance of positive attitudes in those who work with young readers , how can we ensure that all staff possess such attitudes ?

The term ‘ differencing ’ is also used in a quite distinct way from that of acknowledging feudal proximity , and that is to display family connections and descent .
the term ‘ differencing ’ is also used in a quite distinct way from that of [noting] feudal proximity , and that is to display family connections and descent .

Make use of plentiful social reinforcers and the occasional treat by way of acknowledging your child 's continuing efforts .
make use of plentiful social reinforcers and the occasional treat by way of [noting] your child 's continuing efforts .

Sadly , there is no respite for parents ; this is the time that offers a brief opportunity to make an encouraging or acknowledging remark .
sadly , there is no respite for parents ; this is the time that offers a brief opportunity to make an encouraging or [noting] remark .

In interacting with their child , mothers spend much time acknowledging and clarifying the child ’ s feelings .
in interacting with their child , mothers spend much time [noting] and clarifying the child ’ s feelings .

While acknowledging that building the new program from the ground up has been slow going , Dudovitz expects to serve up to 30 percent more clients in the San Gabriel-Pomona Valley than his predecessors .
while [noting] that building the new program from the ground up has been slow going , dudovitz expects to serve up to 30 percent more clients in the san gabriel-pomona valley than his predecessors .

GAO will provide to all Members who request work , within 10 business days of receipt , a letter acknowledging the receipt of the request and either accepting or declining it .
gao will provide to all members who request work , within 10 business days of receipt , a letter [noting] the receipt of the request and either accepting or declining it .

Understanding how CIOs of leading organizations approach their work , and acknowledging those aspects of the federal CIO environment that limit the ability to implement similar strategies , may prompt congressional and executive board discussions about the need for future legislation and policy changes .
understanding how cios of leading organizations approach their work , and [noting] those aspects of the federal cio environment that limit the ability to implement similar strategies , may prompt congressional and executive board discussions about the need for future legislation and policy changes .

It is informed by federal and state law , census data and innovative models from other disciplines while acknowledging the breadth of our communities .
it is informed by federal and state law , census data and innovative models from other disciplines while [noting] the breadth of our communities .

As discussed earlier , EPA 's Science Advisory Board , while acknowledging the uncertainties in estimation of a PM-mortality relationship , has repeatedly recommended the use of a study that 13 As discussed above , based on recent preliminary findings from the Health Effects Institute , the magnitude of mortality from shorttern exposure ( Alternative Estimate ) and hospital/ER admissions estimates ( both estimates ) may be either under or overestimated by an uncertain amount .
as discussed earlier , epa 's science advisory board , while [noting] the uncertainties in estimation of a pm-mortality relationship , has repeatedly recommended the use of a study that 13 as discussed above , based on recent preliminary findings from the health effects institute , the magnitude of mortality from shorttern exposure ( alternative estimate ) and hospital/er admissions estimates ( both estimates ) may be either under or overestimated by an uncertain amount .

Acknowledging that individual targets might not have much value , he cautioned Berger not to expect ever again to have an assembly of terrorist leaders in his sights .
[noting] that individual targets might not have much value , he cautioned berger not to expect ever again to have an assembly of terrorist leaders in his sights .

Given that the cockpit crew of American 11 had been acknowledging all previous instructions from air traffic control that morning within a matter of seconds , and that when the first reporting of the hijacking was received a short time later ( the 8:19 call from Betty Ong ) a number of actions had already been taken by the hijackers , it is most likely that the hijacking occurred at 8:14 A.M. 25 .
given that the cockpit crew of american 11 had been [noting] all previous instructions from air traffic control that morning within a matter of seconds , and that when the first reporting of the hijacking was received a short time later ( the 8:19 call from betty ong ) a number of actions had already been taken by the hijackers , it is most likely that the hijacking occurred at 8:14 a.m. 25 .

Acknowledging these problems and Musharraf 's own part in the story , we believe that Musharraf 's government represents the best hope for stability in Pakistan and Afghanistan .
[noting] these problems and musharraf 's own part in the story , we believe that musharraf 's government represents the best hope for stability in pakistan and afghanistan .

The Saudi government has difficulty acknowledging this .
the saudi government has difficulty [noting] this .

A blockbuster drug with that kind of hazard associated with it could be associated with tens of thousands of deaths a year , and it would never be detected in studies of the kind that we routinely submit and are the basis for approval. ” These drugs , said the scientist , and these kinds of risks , are “ essentially out there now , unlabeled , unnoticed , all beneath the radar. ” The scientist said that , “ to ensure that safety problems will go unnoticed , we compound the problem of conducting small studies by setting a statistical threshold for acknowledging the safety problem that is so high that you know in advance it could never be reached for any serious side effect , like myocardial infarction. ” This practice , said the scientist , “ virtually ensures that if a bad side effect happens to show up , it 's not going to reach the arbitrary level that we call statistically significant , and the company can maintain that it 's just bad luck. ” If a bad result does happen , “ typically a company is not going to publish the study at all .
a blockbuster drug with that kind of hazard associated with it could be associated with tens of thousands of deaths a year , and it would never be detected in studies of the kind that we routinely submit and are the basis for approval. ” these drugs , said the scientist , and these kinds of risks , are “ essentially out there now , unlabeled , unnoticed , all beneath the radar. ” the scientist said that , “ to ensure that safety problems will go unnoticed , we compound the problem of conducting small studies by setting a statistical threshold for [noting] the safety problem that is so high that you know in advance it could never be reached for any serious side effect , like myocardial infarction. ” this practice , said the scientist , “ virtually ensures that if a bad side effect happens to show up , it 's not going to reach the arbitrary level that we call statistically significant , and the company can maintain that it 's just bad luck. ” if a bad result does happen , “ typically a company is not going to publish the study at all .

We can take an essential first step toward addressing this paradox by acknowledging the often conflicting stakes for individuals and groups in debates that center around genes , science , and race .
we can take an essential first step toward addressing this paradox by [noting] the often conflicting stakes for individuals and groups in debates that center around genes , science , and race .

A Jan. 23 Washington Post piece noted that `` Monica 's Place '' `` sure looked like the real home page of Ms. Lewinsky '' ( though it did n't say why ) before acknowledging that it `` could have been a hoax .
a jan. 23 washington post piece noted that `` monica 's place '' `` sure looked like the real home page of ms. lewinsky '' ( though it did n't say why ) before [noting] that it `` could have been a hoax .

The Post says that Clinton agreed to negotiate after Jones dropped her longstanding demand for an apology , but was `` enraged '' when on TV last Sunday , her lawyers said any settlement was the same as acknowledging her allegations .
the post says that clinton agreed to negotiate after jones dropped her longstanding demand for an apology , but was `` enraged '' when on tv last sunday , her lawyers said any settlement was the same as [noting] her allegations .

Kohl , the paper reminds , started off the whole controversy last month by acknowledging that while in power he kept secret bank accounts , but thus far has refused to identify donors .
kohl , the paper reminds , started off the whole controversy last month by [noting] that while in power he kept secret bank accounts , but thus far has refused to identify donors .

While acknowledging Hussein 's misdeeds -- attacking Israel in 1967 , hosting Palestinian terrorists over the years , and siding with Iraq in the Persian Gulf War -- editorialists lavished excuses on him : He feared a Palestinian revolt if he did n't attack Israel in 1967 , atoned for the 1967 war by sitting out the 1973 war against Israel , and allied himself with Iraq in 1991 because he feared an Iraqi invasion or collateral economic damage from the war against Iraq .
while [noting] hussein 's misdeeds -- attacking israel in 1967 , hosting palestinian terrorists over the years , and siding with iraq in the persian gulf war -- editorialists lavished excuses on him : he feared a palestinian revolt if he did n't attack israel in 1967 , atoned for the 1967 war by sitting out the 1973 war against israel , and allied himself with iraq in 1991 because he feared an iraqi invasion or collateral economic damage from the war against iraq .

Acknowledging the situation 's class dimensions blunted the racial animosity -- and created a coalition of blacks and less affluent whites .
[noting] the situation 's class dimensions blunted the racial animosity -- and created a coalition of blacks and less affluent whites .

While acknowledging his disappointments -- Mixner was jailed in 1993 while protesting the president 's position on gays in the military -- he applauded Clinton 's many victories .
while [noting] his disappointments -- mixner was jailed in 1993 while protesting the president 's position on gays in the military -- he applauded clinton 's many victories .

He `` reversed his stance of not going beyond acknowledging youthful 'mistakes , ' `` complained the Times ' Maureen Dowd .
he `` reversed his stance of not going beyond [noting] youthful 'mistakes , ' `` complained the times ' maureen dowd .

Acknowledging the new research ( and doing some of it herself ) , Scarr still champions quality , but now on more immediate , less quantitative grounds .
[noting] the new research ( and doing some of it herself ) , scarr still champions quality , but now on more immediate , less quantitative grounds .

One way to protest would be to follow the `` crank '' critics in acknowledging that movies such as Deep Impact and Small Soldiers do n't require evaluation .
one way to protest would be to follow the `` crank '' critics in [noting] that movies such as deep impact and small soldiers do n't require evaluation .

Democrats will offer this excuse without acknowledging that it implies the public is still upset with the president 's behavior .
democrats will offer this excuse without [noting] that it implies the public is still upset with the president 's behavior .

Republicans will offer this excuse without acknowledging that the backlash is mainstream .
republicans will offer this excuse without [noting] that the backlash is mainstream .

Democrats , by pushing regulation without acknowledging its costs , are feeding this impossible expectation .
democrats , by pushing regulation without [noting] its costs , are feeding this impossible expectation .

His sin is less his disloyalty in acknowledging a potential crime by his ex-patron than his failure to confess his own complicity in that crime .
his sin is less his disloyalty in [noting] a potential crime by his ex-patron than his failure to confess his own complicity in that crime .

The Nation remains above the Starr fray , barely acknowledging Washington goings-on .
the nation remains above the starr fray , barely [noting] washington goings-on .

While acknowledging Gephardt 's weaknesses ( he 's a `` career politician '' posing as a `` populist tribune '' ) , the piece claims Gephardt has a Democratic agenda -- something the White House lacks .
while [noting] gephardt 's weaknesses ( he 's a `` career politician '' posing as a `` populist tribune '' ) , the piece claims gephardt has a democratic agenda -- something the white house lacks .

What 's usually missing from Kemp 's `` ideas '' is the intellectual discipline of acknowledging that more of this means less of that .
what 's usually missing from kemp 's `` ideas '' is the intellectual discipline of [noting] that more of this means less of that .

As an old friend of hers puts it , `` She would only quit if she could quit in triumph , with everyone acknowledging that it is the best magazine in the world and that she is the best editor and with the magazine in the black . ''
as an old friend of hers puts it , `` she would only quit if she could quit in triumph , with everyone [noting] that it is the best magazine in the world and that she is the best editor and with the magazine in the black . ''

Cynics ' translation : He 's acknowledging Microsoft 's mess .
cynics ' translation : he 's [noting] microsoft 's mess .

The pierced generation may simply be acknowledging the deadliness of the times we live in , suggestive as they are of earlier epochs in human history .
the pierced generation may simply be [noting] the deadliness of the times we live in , suggestive as they are of earlier epochs in human history .

Recently , the pageant has got itself into trouble by implicitly acknowledging this truth about itself .
recently , the pageant has got itself into trouble by implicitly [noting] this truth about itself .

The front pages at USAT , the WP , and the NYT report that the Clinton administration announced Monday that it will not do an about-face on a nine-year-old policy against funding needle-exchange programs for drug users , even while acknowledging that such programs reduce the spread of AIDS without encouraging drug abuse .
the front pages at usat , the wp , and the nyt report that the clinton administration announced monday that it will not do an about-face on a nine-year-old policy against funding needle-exchange programs for drug users , even while [noting] that such programs reduce the spread of aids without encouraging drug abuse .

Walcott is , first of all , acknowledging his 1992 Nobel Prize in literature , which ( quoting the Irish Nobel Laureate W.B .
walcott is , first of all , [noting] his 1992 nobel prize in literature , which ( quoting the irish nobel laureate w.b .

He was , the Japanese artist Yayoi Kusama reported , `` deeply impotent , '' the adverb acknowledging that normal sex was something Cornell only believed he wanted , the way he might have thought he ought to learn to draw in order to be a real artist .
he was , the japanese artist yayoi kusama reported , `` deeply impotent , '' the adverb [noting] that normal sex was something cornell only believed he wanted , the way he might have thought he ought to learn to draw in order to be a real artist .

Sam & Cokie proposed that Bradley be charged with general arrogance since he would n't say publicly what his favorite movie was ( while acknowledging off-the-record to reporters that it was Look Who 's Talking II ) .
sam & cokie proposed that bradley be charged with general arrogance since he would n't say publicly what his favorite movie was ( while [noting] off-the-record to reporters that it was look who 's talking ii ) .

Acknowledging reality is n't unethical , but ignoring it can be .
[noting] reality is n't unethical , but ignoring it can be .

Even the judge approved only the most overt nanny-state measures requested by the FDA , acknowledging the agency 's power grab by rejecting the proposals that do n't directly deter teen smoking .
even the judge approved only the most overt nanny-state measures requested by the fda , [noting] the agency 's power grab by rejecting the proposals that do n't directly deter teen smoking .

What dissatisfied me about today 's otherwise excellent Journal piece was the way it toggled between haves , have-somes , and have-nots , without acknowledging that riskiness is attractive to each group for very different reasons .
what dissatisfied me about today 's otherwise excellent journal piece was the way it toggled between haves , have-somes , and have-nots , without [noting] that riskiness is attractive to each group for very different reasons .

Clinton tried to neutralize the importance of culture by acknowledging it .
clinton tried to neutralize the importance of culture by [noting] it .

Acknowledging that they had lost the KYC battle but won the regulatory war , the sponsoring agencies made this joint statement when they withdrew the KYC regulations at the House 's March hearings : `` Over the past 15 years banking organizations and law enforcement authorities have forged a vital partnership to fight financial crime . ''
[noting] that they had lost the kyc battle but won the regulatory war , the sponsoring agencies made this joint statement when they withdrew the kyc regulations at the house 's march hearings : `` over the past 15 years banking organizations and law enforcement authorities have forged a vital partnership to fight financial crime . ''

Even on occasions where use of a printed acknowledgment is appropriate , as in acknowledging the receipt of letters of condolence upon bereavement , the printed card should be signed by hand with a personal word added .
even on occasions where use of a printed acknowledgment is appropriate , as in [noting] the receipt of letters of condolence upon bereavement , the printed card should be signed by hand with a personal word added .

Within a month of taking office , Tony Blair marked the 150 th anniversary of the Irish potato famine by acknowledging his predecessors ' failure to aid an ailing Ireland .
within a month of taking office , tony blair marked the 150 th anniversary of the irish potato famine by [noting] his predecessors ' failure to aid an ailing ireland .

On the specifics , Rosenthal says that the Times ran an editor 's note acknowledging that it should n't have truncated the `` playing around '' quote .
on the specifics , rosenthal says that the times ran an editor 's note [noting] that it should n't have truncated the `` playing around '' quote .

That said , we ca n't help acknowledging that whether or not Monica Lewinsky serviced the president , she certainly has serviced us .
that said , we ca n't help [noting] that whether or not monica lewinsky serviced the president , she certainly has serviced us .

Eventually , all three papers got around to acknowledging that the Grand Forks Herald had won the top prize for its coverage of last year 's North Dakota floods and fires .
eventually , all three papers got around to [noting] that the grand forks herald had won the top prize for its coverage of last year 's north dakota floods and fires .

Of all by acknowledging , rather than suppressing in a panic , the erotic feelings we have about children : We should realize that finding children seductive does not compel us to fondle them `` in a yucky way , '' as the day-care prosecutors so nicely put it .
of all by [noting] , rather than suppressing in a panic , the erotic feelings we have about children : we should realize that finding children seductive does not compel us to fondle them `` in a yucky way , '' as the day-care prosecutors so nicely put it .

Politely acknowledging yesterday 's LAT scoop , the NYT off-lead confirms and elaborates on US involvement with Kurdish rebel Abdullah Ocalan 's capture .
politely [noting] yesterday 's lat scoop , the nyt off-lead confirms and elaborates on us involvement with kurdish rebel abdullah ocalan 's capture .

The New York Times leads with a report , sourced to senior White House advisors , that President Clinton has discussed , but not finally committed to , a strategy of acknowledging to the grand jury on Monday that he 'd had intimate sexual encounters with Monica Lewinsky .
the new york times leads with a report , sourced to senior white house advisors , that president clinton has discussed , but not finally committed to , a strategy of [noting] to the grand jury on monday that he 'd had intimate sexual encounters with monica lewinsky .

Some theorists describe women 's relation to language as primarily a product of patriarchal oppression ; others , usually acknowledging oppression , focus on women 's strengths .
some theorists describe women 's relation to language as primarily a product of patriarchal oppression ; others , usually [noting] oppression , focus on women 's strengths .

Acknowledging that , however , frees no one from accepting responsibility for her or his behavior .
[noting] that , however , frees no one from accepting responsibility for her or his behavior .

Let me illustrate the intricacies involved : I recently received a card from an academic journal acknowledging an essay I had submitted .
let me illustrate the intricacies involved : i recently received a card from an academic journal [noting] an essay i had submitted .

The decision of the editor ( who even now is hiding behind this circumlocution , but yes , it was me ) to forgo a bibliography should not have prevented him from acknowledging this indispensable work .
the decision of the editor ( who even now is hiding behind this circumlocution , but yes , it was me ) to forgo a bibliography should not have prevented him from [noting] this indispensable work .

I believe that to create a truly useful work , even acknowledging its restrictions , the author should have considered matters other than raw frequency , the criterion applied for “ use in the classroom or at home. ” For instance , I am not entirely sure what purpose is served in long lists of words ending in - ly that are adverbs formed on adjectives : a formula would not only have sufficed but would enable some words , like kindly and friendly , to have been especially marked .
i believe that to create a truly useful work , even [noting] its restrictions , the author should have considered matters other than raw frequency , the criterion applied for “ use in the classroom or at home. ” for instance , i am not entirely sure what purpose is served in long lists of words ending in - ly that are adverbs formed on adjectives : a formula would not only have sufficed but would enable some words , like kindly and friendly , to have been especially marked .

