All contributed will be acknowledged .
all contributed will be [noted] .

An Anglican clergyman in Oxford sadly but frankly acknowledged to me that this is true .
an anglican clergyman in oxford sadly but frankly [noted] to me that this is true .

In the period since the end of World War 2 , -- a period coinciding with merchandising demands for the colorful , the unusual , and the original in signs and displays -- plastics have come on so strong that today they are the acknowledged leaders in the field .
in the period since the end of world war 2 , -- a period coinciding with merchandising demands for the colorful , the unusual , and the original in signs and displays -- plastics have come on so strong that today they are the [noted] leaders in the field .

Both the extent to which this is true and the limits of the field of perceptual skill involved should be acknowledged .
both the extent to which this is true and the limits of the field of perceptual skill involved should be [noted] .

But although in many of these discussions Othon and Amadee might have been tempted to consider their own interests as well as those of the king , Edward's confidence in them was so absolute that they were made the acknowledged leaders of the embassy .
but although in many of these discussions othon and amadee might have been tempted to consider their own interests as well as those of the king , edward's confidence in them was so absolute that they were made the [noted] leaders of the embassy .

The Clinico-pathologic Conferences have been acknowledged as of great value and in consequent great demand by the small isolated military hospitals .
the clinico-pathologic conferences have been [noted] as of great value and in consequent great demand by the small isolated military hospitals .

in the case of any assignment of an award , or any part thereof , which is made in writing and duly acknowledged and filed , after such award is certified to the Secretary of the Treasury , payment may , in the discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury , be made to the assignee , as his interest may appear .
in the case of any assignment of an award , or any part thereof , which is made in writing and duly [noted] and filed , after such award is certified to the secretary of the treasury , payment may , in the discretion of the secretary of the treasury , be made to the assignee , as his interest may appear .

Now , with virtually every writer , not only was the European origin of public law acknowledged as a historical phenomenon , but the rules thus established by the advanced civilizations of Europe were to be imposed on others .
now , with virtually every writer , not only was the european origin of public law [noted] as a historical phenomenon , but the rules thus established by the advanced civilizations of europe were to be imposed on others .

There was no law , domestic or international , except that willed by , acknowledged by , or consented to by states .
there was no law , domestic or international , except that willed by , [noted] by , or consented to by states .

Neither acknowledged the gift .
neither [noted] the gift .

He had acknowledged the man .
he had [noted] the man .

These boys acknowledged an introduction to anybody by gently pressing one of his hands in both of theirs , while they gazed , misty-eyed with care , into the eyes of the person they were meeting .
these boys [noted] an introduction to anybody by gently pressing one of his hands in both of theirs , while they gazed , misty-eyed with care , into the eyes of the person they were meeting .

The car is acknowledged as the fastest production car in the world .
the car is [noted] as the fastest production car in the world .

Yeah , but he he does n't acknowledge those children to Ellen , do n't he , do n't even acknowledge 'em , he 's walked past them in our road and never acknowledged them .
yeah , but he he does n't acknowledge those children to ellen , do n't he , do n't even acknowledge 'em , he 's walked past them in our road and never [noted] them .

Over the weekend , Tory loyalists like Michael Ancram and Tim Renton have acknowledged publicly that if the choice becomes Maastricht plus the social chapter or no Maastricht then the sensible , majority position will be Maastricht Plus .
over the weekend , tory loyalists like michael ancram and tim renton have [noted] publicly that if the choice becomes maastricht plus the social chapter or no maastricht then the sensible , majority position will be maastricht plus .

He tried to distance the party from the question of public ownership but then the shadow Scottish secretary , Tom Clarke , acknowledged the possibility of private Scottish companies operating under a Labour government .
he tried to distance the party from the question of public ownership but then the shadow scottish secretary , tom clarke , [noted] the possibility of private scottish companies operating under a labour government .

The prime minister acknowledged this month he had accepted an interest-free one-million-franc loan from Pelat in 1986 .
the prime minister [noted] this month he had accepted an interest-free one-million-franc loan from pelat in 1986 .

Sir Ranulph , 48 , acknowledged that his record-breaking journey had taken him to the limits of his endurance .
sir ranulph , 48 , [noted] that his record-breaking journey had taken him to the limits of his endurance .

‘ It is acknowledged that eastern Europe does represent , given its geographical connections with Asia , a threat in terms of transporting illegal drugs to western Europe , ’ he said .
‘ it is [noted] that eastern europe does represent , given its geographical connections with asia , a threat in terms of transporting illegal drugs to western europe , ’ he said .

However , from the outset Mr Calvert-Smith acknowledged that the case was difficult .
however , from the outset mr calvert-smith [noted] that the case was difficult .

He said Mr Morgan , contacted by radio , acknowledged the fighters belonged to him but said they acted without his orders or consent .
he said mr morgan , contacted by radio , [noted] the fighters belonged to him but said they acted without his orders or consent .

The figures would be a shock to MPs and Department of Health officials — who had acknowledged that they not longer keep central statistics on closures — he added .
the figures would be a shock to mps and department of health officials — who had [noted] that they not longer keep central statistics on closures — he added .

Peter McKinlay , chief executive of Scottish Homes , acknowledged at a press conference yesterday that damp and condensation were a serious problem .
peter mckinlay , chief executive of scottish homes , [noted] at a press conference yesterday that damp and condensation were a serious problem .

The Scottish Secretary , Ian Lang , in reply to a Commons question , acknowledged that concerns had been expressed about the advisory committee structure originally proposed .
the scottish secretary , ian lang , in reply to a commons question , [noted] that concerns had been expressed about the advisory committee structure originally proposed .

Doug Wilkie , managing director of the Aboyne-based Deeside Training Enterprise , acknowledged he was disappointed that the grant would not be renewed .
doug wilkie , managing director of the aboyne-based deeside training enterprise , [noted] he was disappointed that the grant would not be renewed .

The president acknowledged that ground convoys are the best way to deliver aid , but said the airdrops were ‘ a temporary measure , designed to address the immediate needs of isolated areas that can not be reached at this time by ground . ’
the president [noted] that ground convoys are the best way to deliver aid , but said the airdrops were ‘ a temporary measure , designed to address the immediate needs of isolated areas that can not be reached at this time by ground . ’

Mr Knight also acknowledged that a suitable high-speed pick-up machine was not yet available from a commercial manufacturer although they had shown their own adaptation with a high speed paddle rotor swept up all materials including small particles .
mr knight also [noted] that a suitable high-speed pick-up machine was not yet available from a commercial manufacturer although they had shown their own adaptation with a high speed paddle rotor swept up all materials including small particles .

‘ The tragic thing about the budget is that the Chancellor acknowledged quite unashamedly that unemployment will continue to rise for the foreseeable future .
‘ the tragic thing about the budget is that the chancellor [noted] quite unashamedly that unemployment will continue to rise for the foreseeable future .

In what she acknowledged was a difficult year for the Scottish party , Mrs McGuire admitted the party had yet to fully come to terms with the election defeat last April .
in what she [noted] was a difficult year for the scottish party , mrs mcguire admitted the party had yet to fully come to terms with the election defeat last april .

The party leadership 's case — that the Scottish Secretary would be forced to select councillors to sit on the Committee of the Regions from a list supplied by the four parties , and this was a key concession which would pay off in the long term — was acknowledged by committee members .
the party leadership 's case — that the scottish secretary would be forced to select councillors to sit on the committee of the regions from a list supplied by the four parties , and this was a key concession which would pay off in the long term — was [noted] by committee members .

Mr Wallace acknowledged that his own ideas for a Scottish parliamentary council were unlikely to proceed , but a campaign for a multi-option referendum was ‘ the only thing we can all unite on as it encompasses all our differences ’ .
mr wallace [noted] that his own ideas for a scottish parliamentary council were unlikely to proceed , but a campaign for a multi-option referendum was ‘ the only thing we can all unite on as it encompasses all our differences ’ .

Mr Waugh acknowledged that he was once again freezing the Ayr Road project even although money had been allocated to it in 1991 .
mr waugh [noted] that he was once again freezing the ayr road project even although money had been allocated to it in 1991 .

Anyone who already has a decoder can carry on watching , a spokesman for the Department of National Heritage acknowledged .
anyone who already has a decoder can carry on watching , a spokesman for the department of national heritage [noted] .

Mr Carruthers said that the vast majority of evidence was over but acknowledged he was concerned that Mr McTear would not be able to conclude his testimony .
mr carruthers said that the vast majority of evidence was over but [noted] he was concerned that mr mctear would not be able to conclude his testimony .

Born in Perthshire in 1874 , Fergusson , who died in 1961 , acknowledged a debt to the Glasgow School of painting which emphasised colour rather than line .
born in perthshire in 1874 , fergusson , who died in 1961 , [noted] a debt to the glasgow school of painting which emphasised colour rather than line .

Mr Lang acknowledged in an interview with The Scotsman that some of the estimated costs and savings first put forward by the consultants had changed .
mr lang [noted] in an interview with the scotsman that some of the estimated costs and savings first put forward by the consultants had changed .

Anna Capaldi , who headed the Touche Ross study , acknowledged yesterday that some of the figures were being revised but she understood that these would still fall within the ‘ sensitivity testing ’ ranges given in the report .
anna capaldi , who headed the touche ross study , [noted] yesterday that some of the figures were being revised but she understood that these would still fall within the ‘ sensitivity testing ’ ranges given in the report .

Mr Christopher acknowledged in his speech to the World Affairs Council of Chicago , that ‘ any realistic programme to assist Russian democracy wo n't be cheap ’ .
mr christopher [noted] in his speech to the world affairs council of chicago , that ‘ any realistic programme to assist russian democracy wo n't be cheap ’ .

At yesterday 's promotion , the Scottish education minister , Lord James Douglas- Hamilton , acknowledged that was not an easy concept to define .
at yesterday 's promotion , the scottish education minister , lord james douglas- hamilton , [noted] that was not an easy concept to define .

Mr Khasbulatov acknowledged that he and other politicians had overreacted to Mr Yeltsin 's speech on Saturday declaring a ‘ special order ’ of rule pending a referendum .
mr khasbulatov [noted] that he and other politicians had overreacted to mr yeltsin 's speech on saturday declaring a ‘ special order ’ of rule pending a referendum .

The 29-year-old Motherwell man , who has made an art form of fouling up on the big occasion , acknowledged that he too came close to calling it a day after the Olympics .
the 29-year-old motherwell man , who has made an art form of fouling up on the big occasion , [noted] that he too came close to calling it a day after the olympics .

Three points from the last four available after five straight defeats is the reward for the manager 's faith and the sudden realisation that the First Division beckoned has focused minds magnificently as Jefferies acknowledged when he said : ‘ There is still a lot to be done but if the players show the same attitude for the rest of the season we wo n't go down .
three points from the last four available after five straight defeats is the reward for the manager 's faith and the sudden realisation that the first division beckoned has focused minds magnificently as jefferies [noted] when he said : ‘ there is still a lot to be done but if the players show the same attitude for the rest of the season we wo n't go down .

The youthful trio of Scott Booth , Duncan Ferguson and Stephen Wright are all acknowledged , meanwhile , to be knocking at the door of opportunity with a greater urgency than most — apart from the indisposed Eoin Jess .
the youthful trio of scott booth , duncan ferguson and stephen wright are all [noted] , meanwhile , to be knocking at the door of opportunity with a greater urgency than most — apart from the indisposed eoin jess .

Team-mate Mario Andretti , who has won world and Indycar championships , has acknowledged the ability of Mansell , and seems prepared to play a supporting role similar to that in which Riccardo Patrese was cast at Williams Renault during the past two season .
team-mate mario andretti , who has won world and indycar championships , has [noted] the ability of mansell , and seems prepared to play a supporting role similar to that in which riccardo patrese was cast at williams renault during the past two season .

Fletcher acknowledged that losing all four Tests on this tour , after the 3-0 series defeat in India , was of far greater concern than any of the four defeats so far suffered in seven one-day internationals .
fletcher [noted] that losing all four tests on this tour , after the 3-0 series defeat in india , was of far greater concern than any of the four defeats so far suffered in seven one-day internationals .

His knowledge of Scotland , its people , and its countryside proved to be invaluable when talking about whisky and from an early age he became an acknowledged and accomplished voice of the industry .
his knowledge of scotland , its people , and its countryside proved to be invaluable when talking about whisky and from an early age he became an [noted] and accomplished voice of the industry .

In a statement issued yesterday , Rangers acknowledged that they were experiencing difficulties in obtaining the number of tickets previously agreed for the match in Marseille .
in a statement issued yesterday , rangers [noted] that they were experiencing difficulties in obtaining the number of tickets previously agreed for the match in marseille .

In a statement issued yesterday , Rangers acknowledged that they were experiencing difficulties in obtaining the number of tickets previously agreed for the match .
in a statement issued yesterday , rangers [noted] that they were experiencing difficulties in obtaining the number of tickets previously agreed for the match .

Interviewed by The Scotsman about the planned local government changes , Mr Lang acknowledged that costs were an extremely important element of the reforms .
interviewed by the scotsman about the planned local government changes , mr lang [noted] that costs were an extremely important element of the reforms .

Yet there were many even among his admirers who acknowledged that there were latent dangers in having the country who were certain to provide the numerically strongest contingent additionally furnishing not just the manager and assistant coach but also the captain .
yet there were many even among his admirers who [noted] that there were latent dangers in having the country who were certain to provide the numerically strongest contingent additionally furnishing not just the manager and assistant coach but also the captain .

Chamber president Norman Campbell acknowledged Darlington had a problem with glue sniffers but praised police for reacting to complaints from traders and members of the public .
chamber president norman campbell [noted] darlington had a problem with glue sniffers but praised police for reacting to complaints from traders and members of the public .

Their spokesman acknowledged the valuable role played by the Friends but argued the letters bordered on blackmail .
their spokesman [noted] the valuable role played by the friends but argued the letters bordered on blackmail .

Sir Richard , whose 80th birthday was actually last October , is acknowledged by his peers as one of the world 's leading cancer epidemiologists , but is probably most famous for demonstrating , together with the late Sir Austin Bradford Hill , that cigarette smoking is a major cause of lung cancer .
sir richard , whose 80th birthday was actually last october , is [noted] by his peers as one of the world 's leading cancer epidemiologists , but is probably most famous for demonstrating , together with the late sir austin bradford hill , that cigarette smoking is a major cause of lung cancer .

Scotland 's rugby coach is acknowledged worldwide as the master alchemist whose inspired blending of the human elements at his disposal has made a nonsense of the form book . But just how does Ian McGeechan get 'em going ? Ruth Wishart reports on his very particular philosophy Chemistry lesson
scotland 's rugby coach is [noted] worldwide as the master alchemist whose inspired blending of the human elements at his disposal has made a nonsense of the form book . but just how does ian mcgeechan get 'em going ? ruth wishart reports on his very particular philosophy chemistry lesson

He is acknowledged worldwide now as the master alchemist whose inspired blending of the human elements at his disposal has made a nonsense of perceived national pool strengths .
he is [noted] worldwide now as the master alchemist whose inspired blending of the human elements at his disposal has made a nonsense of perceived national pool strengths .

Captain Ieuan Evans acknowledged : ‘ The level of enthusiasm our victory has caused has taken the boys a bit by surprise but , as Bob said , it 's gratifying to see how the boys have responded . ’
captain ieuan evans [noted] : ‘ the level of enthusiasm our victory has caused has taken the boys a bit by surprise but , as bob said , it 's gratifying to see how the boys have responded . ’

‘ Everything had been geared towards winning today and only now and over the next two weeks will we be concentrating on the Twickenham game , ’ acknowledged Armstrong who had his usual superb display .
‘ everything had been geared towards winning today and only now and over the next two weeks will we be concentrating on the twickenham game , ’ [noted] armstrong who had his usual superb display .

Even then it could be confidently reported that ‘ the ground was acknowledged to be in excellent condition for the game , and one of the prettiest in the kingdom ’ .
even then it could be confidently reported that ‘ the ground was [noted] to be in excellent condition for the game , and one of the prettiest in the kingdom ’ .

In fact it is acknowledged .
in fact it is [noted] .

The Government 's own paper on the future of broadcasting acknowledged that ‘ the special needs of individual countries ’ should be recognised and that there should be a ‘ guarantee of national culture and national debate . ’
the government 's own paper on the future of broadcasting [noted] that ‘ the special needs of individual countries ’ should be recognised and that there should be a ‘ guarantee of national culture and national debate . ’

He acknowledged there was a problem transporting the heavy , bulky equipment from Loughborough to Orkney and recognised that time was of the essence if the whales are to be saved .
he [noted] there was a problem transporting the heavy , bulky equipment from loughborough to orkney and recognised that time was of the essence if the whales are to be saved .

The 23-year-old Glaswegian acknowledged that he was beaten by another big server .
the 23-year-old glaswegian [noted] that he was beaten by another big server .

The 23-year-old Glaswegian acknowledged that he was beaten by another big server .
the 23-year-old glaswegian [noted] that he was beaten by another big server .

Some Tory loyalist backbenchers said last night that this episode could not be compared to the attack on Mrs Thatcher by the then Sir Geoffrey Howe , which is acknowledged to have cost her the keys to No .
some tory loyalist backbenchers said last night that this episode could not be compared to the attack on mrs thatcher by the then sir geoffrey howe , which is [noted] to have cost her the keys to no .

But the organisers have acknowledged the vital contribution of a small army of volunteer officials and team managers to the success of the games .
but the organisers have [noted] the vital contribution of a small army of volunteer officials and team managers to the success of the games .

And Becker , who lost to Stich in the Wimbledon final two years ago , quickly acknowledged that his compatriot deserved the triumph .
and becker , who lost to stich in the wimbledon final two years ago , quickly [noted] that his compatriot deserved the triumph .

All applications are acknowledged on receipt .
all applications are [noted] on receipt .

Nobody acknowledged his presence .
nobody [noted] his presence .

This conferring is mature and quiet , and no disagreements occur : leadership is acknowledged and obeyed , and the attack is carried out as Jack wants it to be .
this conferring is mature and quiet , and no disagreements occur : leadership is [noted] and obeyed , and the attack is carried out as jack wants it to be .

It was also acknowledged that there was a large demand for our materials in some schools .
it was also [noted] that there was a large demand for our materials in some schools .

The jackal de Guichet , they said , was bad enough , but there were limits to his powers ; but the old lion acknowledged no restrictions within his own honour , his rule was as absolute as plague .
the jackal de guichet , they said , was bad enough , but there were limits to his powers ; but the old lion [noted] no restrictions within his own honour , his rule was as absolute as plague .

Many of its effects are fairly obvious and generally acknowledged .
many of its effects are fairly obvious and generally [noted] .

Yes , that was acknowledged .
yes , that was [noted] .

was one of the few men in England acknowledged as an authority on Luini .
was one of the few men in england [noted] as an authority on luini .

But organisers have acknowledged the vital contribution of a small army of volunteer officials and team managers to the success of the games .
but organisers have [noted] the vital contribution of a small army of volunteer officials and team managers to the success of the games .

Stephen McMullin , of the Cleveland Coucil for Voluntary Service , said there was now much greater use of amphetamine-based drugs in Cleveland than was ever acknowledged .
stephen mcmullin , of the cleveland coucil for voluntary service , said there was now much greater use of amphetamine-based drugs in cleveland than was ever [noted] .

Historical research of another kind is explained by Hafina Clwyd , of Ruthin , an acknowledged expert on family history , in another short item .
historical research of another kind is explained by hafina clwyd , of ruthin , an [noted] expert on family history , in another short item .

But in an interview with the Corriere della Sera newspaper he acknowledged he nearly retired after a miserable year in 1992 .
but in an interview with the corriere della sera newspaper he [noted] he nearly retired after a miserable year in 1992 .

Lawrence was lifted shoulder-high by fans as he acknowledged the applause and the delight of the assembled Boro faithful .
lawrence was lifted shoulder-high by fans as he [noted] the applause and the delight of the assembled boro faithful .

The report said the department had acknowledged that this was a technically high-risk project .
the report said the department had [noted] that this was a technically high-risk project .

But Senna 's renowned diffidence towards fellow drivers could make it tough for his British team mate , as Hill diplomatically acknowledged .
but senna 's renowned diffidence towards fellow drivers could make it tough for his british team mate , as hill diplomatically [noted] .

Announcing the proposals Education Minister Michael Ancram acknowledged the importance of the voluntary sector as a source of independent advice .
announcing the proposals education minister michael ancram [noted] the importance of the voluntary sector as a source of independent advice .

Most sufferers overcome food allergies by their 3rd birthday … and it 's only since turning 4 that doctors have acknowledged that Gemma has a serious problem .
most sufferers overcome food allergies by their 3rd birthday … and it 's only since turning 4 that doctors have [noted] that gemma has a serious problem .

If the circumstances of this crime — that is the eating of the apple — are duly considered , it will be acknowledged to have been a most heinous offence and a transgression of the whole law .
if the circumstances of this crime — that is the eating of the apple — are duly considered , it will be [noted] to have been a most heinous offence and a transgression of the whole law .

Have the acknowledged it ?
have the [noted] it ?

Particularly noteworthy was the case of 19th Century publications , of which more than one in four ( 27 % ) were in need of attention — a higher proportion than for any other group , including those of earlier date ( although it is acknowledged that the figures for earlier publications were in some cases based on comparatively small samples ) .
particularly noteworthy was the case of 19th century publications , of which more than one in four ( 27 % ) were in need of attention — a higher proportion than for any other group , including those of earlier date ( although it is [noted] that the figures for earlier publications were in some cases based on comparatively small samples ) .

All entries will be acknowledged and the results advised as soon as possible .
all entries will be [noted] and the results advised as soon as possible .

Frank , 61 , is the acknowledged king of Wirral allotments following his Odyssey Trophy success in the annual competition sponsored by Wirral leisure services department .
frank , 61 , is the [noted] king of wirral allotments following his odyssey trophy success in the annual competition sponsored by wirral leisure services department .

For the International Guitar Festival of Great Britain which kicks off on Monday is now acknowledged as the largest of its kind in the world .
for the international guitar festival of great britain which kicks off on monday is now [noted] as the largest of its kind in the world .

In its home market , the Cappuccino has been acclaimed as the ultimate small sports car and is the acknowledged leader in the Japanese microcar sector .
in its home market , the cappuccino has been acclaimed as the ultimate small sports car and is the [noted] leader in the japanese microcar sector .

His rhetoric acknowledged the end of the Cold War , but his actions or lack of them spoke volumes about his inability to throw off the attitudes and beliefs that have shaped his entire political life .
his rhetoric [noted] the end of the cold war , but his actions or lack of them spoke volumes about his inability to throw off the attitudes and beliefs that have shaped his entire political life .

He acknowledged the enormous difficulties facing the 2,400-strong British force .
he [noted] the enormous difficulties facing the 2,400-strong british force .

The Merseyside musician acknowledged as one of today 's finest brass players had the instrument specially made in her honour by the Miraphone Company .
the merseyside musician [noted] as one of today 's finest brass players had the instrument specially made in her honour by the miraphone company .

Spondon was one of 12 Courtaulds sites where safety management was evaluated by Du Pont , acknowledged as world leaders in industrial health and safety matters .
spondon was one of 12 courtaulds sites where safety management was evaluated by du pont , [noted] as world leaders in industrial health and safety matters .

The value of Courtaulds Chemicals working with customers to develop new products is acknowledged by both parties .
the value of courtaulds chemicals working with customers to develop new products is [noted] by both parties .

We are acknowledged leaders in many aspects of gas exploration , production and supply .
we are [noted] leaders in many aspects of gas exploration , production and supply .

Surely , surely , yes , and thirty , forty , fifty years ago , rail was an acknowledged method of shipping things into from Europe .
surely , surely , yes , and thirty , forty , fifty years ago , rail was an [noted] method of shipping things into from europe .

It is hardly correct , however , to suggest on the basis of this comment that it was partly from a sense of humility , and partly from a reluctance to accept all the credit for himself , that Gandhi acknowledged his indebtedness to Tolstoy 's ideas .
it is hardly correct , however , to suggest on the basis of this comment that it was partly from a sense of humility , and partly from a reluctance to accept all the credit for himself , that gandhi [noted] his indebtedness to tolstoy 's ideas .

Gandhi acknowledged this and what he has to say about brahmacārya has to be taken as applying in the main to those who are able to accept the discipline involved in resolving to enter the third stage of life .
gandhi [noted] this and what he has to say about brahmacārya has to be taken as applying in the main to those who are able to accept the discipline involved in resolving to enter the third stage of life .

This influence is acknowledged when Dustin meets Mia at the bar and overhears her discussing what is obviously ( though it is coyly not named ) , Jean-Luc Godard 's Weekend of 1967 .
this influence is [noted] when dustin meets mia at the bar and overhears her discussing what is obviously ( though it is coyly not named ) , jean-luc godard 's weekend of 1967 .

Ignored by the Academy , Little Big Man was acknowledged by The New York Critics and The National Society of Film Critics , who selected Chief Dan George as their Best Supporting Actor , and Harvard Lampoon presented the picture with their annual Twenty Cent Token ‘ to that film which does the most fashionable injustice to a minority class ’ .
ignored by the academy , little big man was [noted] by the new york critics and the national society of film critics , who selected chief dan george as their best supporting actor , and harvard lampoon presented the picture with their annual twenty cent token ‘ to that film which does the most fashionable injustice to a minority class ’ .

Now he acknowledged to himself that his admiration for Sarah had caused him to overlook young Martha 's attractions .
now he [noted] to himself that his admiration for sarah had caused him to overlook young martha 's attractions .

‘ You were right , ’ he acknowledged .
‘ you were right , ’ he [noted] .

The idea of empire as a voluntary association in which Britain was the respected senior member and acknowledged guiding force appealed strongly to Irwin 's self-consciously Disraelian political personality .
the idea of empire as a voluntary association in which britain was the respected senior member and [noted] guiding force appealed strongly to irwin 's self-consciously disraelian political personality .

His charm was universally acknowledged , and was of classically aristocratic type .
his charm was universally [noted] , and was of classically aristocratic type .

Mountbatten 's career had been a curious one : his reputation as a soldier was founded far less on his record as a commander in the field , which on the whole had been a disastrous one , than on his organizational abilities and his acknowledged brilliance as a leader of men .
mountbatten 's career had been a curious one : his reputation as a soldier was founded far less on his record as a commander in the field , which on the whole had been a disastrous one , than on his organizational abilities and his [noted] brilliance as a leader of men .

But some councils acknowledged that their procedures contributed to the oppression and undertook to make changes in an attempt to improve the material conditions of people in those oppressed groups .
but some councils [noted] that their procedures contributed to the oppression and undertook to make changes in an attempt to improve the material conditions of people in those oppressed groups .

Pornography , prostitution and homosexuality continue to be seen as variations on a theme to this day , something we implicitly acknowledged when we adopted the word ‘ gay ’ as our own .
pornography , prostitution and homosexuality continue to be seen as variations on a theme to this day , something we implicitly [noted] when we adopted the word ‘ gay ’ as our own .

‘ He is an experienced player who acknowledged that he was fully aware that under his contractual responsibilities he was forbidden to make unauthorised public statements .
‘ he is an experienced player who [noted] that he was fully aware that under his contractual responsibilities he was forbidden to make unauthorised public statements .

Whereas your letters indicate that loyal subjects who have previously supported the Monarchy now feel that mistakes need to be acknowledged and if Her Majesty is not to be seen as hopelessly out of touch and out of date it is time she stood up and publicly said sorry .
whereas your letters indicate that loyal subjects who have previously supported the monarchy now feel that mistakes need to be [noted] and if her majesty is not to be seen as hopelessly out of touch and out of date it is time she stood up and publicly said sorry .

Only 11 years were acknowledged , and plans to throw the wedding reception at Althorp for my second marriage were cancelled .
only 11 years were [noted] , and plans to throw the wedding reception at althorp for my second marriage were cancelled .

It should be acknowledged .
it should be [noted] .

Moreover , as Scheingold ( Scheingold , 1974 , p. 95 ) has somewhat bitterly commented , in the light of his experience with American civil rights test cases , even judicially acknowledged rights should still be treated as contingent resources and not accomplished social facts .
moreover , as scheingold ( scheingold , 1974 , p. 95 ) has somewhat bitterly commented , in the light of his experience with american civil rights test cases , even judicially [noted] rights should still be treated as contingent resources and not accomplished social facts .

Hawk nodded to his father , the man who had tutored him as a Dreamwalker , and was not acknowledged .
hawk nodded to his father , the man who had tutored him as a dreamwalker , and was not [noted] .

The time may well arrive — indeed , that process is now under way — when the notion of the supremacy of the institutions of the Community and the primacy of Community law have become so firmly established that they are widely acknowledged to be a feature of the United Kingdom 's constitutional landscape .
the time may well arrive — indeed , that process is now under way — when the notion of the supremacy of the institutions of the community and the primacy of community law have become so firmly established that they are widely [noted] to be a feature of the united kingdom 's constitutional landscape .

It is true that the existence of the Cabinet is now acknowledged in parliamentary legislation — the Parliamentary Commissioner Act 1967 , for example , creates a privilege for Cabinet papers in connection with proceedings before the ‘ ombudsman ’ — but this no more puts the Cabinet on a statutory , legal , basis than does the dogs Act create dogs .
it is true that the existence of the cabinet is now [noted] in parliamentary legislation — the parliamentary commissioner act 1967 , for example , creates a privilege for cabinet papers in connection with proceedings before the ‘ ombudsman ’ — but this no more puts the cabinet on a statutory , legal , basis than does the dogs act create dogs .

Whilst it rendered the monarch formally subordinate to Parliament in the sense that it became acknowledged that , at the end of the day , the will of Parliament was to prevail , it failed to provide adequately and efficiently for the discharge of executive government .
whilst it rendered the monarch formally subordinate to parliament in the sense that it became [noted] that , at the end of the day , the will of parliament was to prevail , it failed to provide adequately and efficiently for the discharge of executive government .

It has long been acknowledged that the Chardonnay in le Mesnil-sur-Oger is a special clone of exceptional quality and character .
it has long been [noted] that the chardonnay in le mesnil-sur-oger is a special clone of exceptional quality and character .

He acknowledged to himself his own share of the blame .
he [noted] to himself his own share of the blame .

While half of her brain hated and despised them for the job they were doing , the other half acknowledged that at least part of her present mission was to buy newspapers and read what was said .
while half of her brain hated and despised them for the job they were doing , the other half [noted] that at least part of her present mission was to buy newspapers and read what was said .

He thought back over the last few hours , the acknowledged relief of talking to Alice , the knowledge that nothing shocked her , nothing surprised her , that everything he did , if not right in her eyes , was judged by a different standard from the one she rigorously applied to the rest of her life .
he thought back over the last few hours , the [noted] relief of talking to alice , the knowledge that nothing shocked her , nothing surprised her , that everything he did , if not right in her eyes , was judged by a different standard from the one she rigorously applied to the rest of her life .

The moment when he knew his mother finally acknowledged that she needed him , was then , when she lowered her eyes , and gave a small resigned sigh of agreement .
the moment when he knew his mother finally [noted] that she needed him , was then , when she lowered her eyes , and gave a small resigned sigh of agreement .

Local people interviewed on the film spoke of the emptiness of atheism and even those who remain atheists acknowledged that the spreading of the gospel , now allowed in the country , will only do good .
local people interviewed on the film spoke of the emptiness of atheism and even those who remain atheists [noted] that the spreading of the gospel , now allowed in the country , will only do good .

Sawle acknowledged this on the eve of the final Test when , asked to defend the dumping of Marsh , he made the point that it had been the bowlers — Craig McDermott ( whose 31 wickets made him the highest Australian wicket-taker in a series against India ) , Bruce Reid ( a wrecker in the second Test before breaking down again ) and Merv Hughes — who had been the key figures throughout the series .
sawle [noted] this on the eve of the final test when , asked to defend the dumping of marsh , he made the point that it had been the bowlers — craig mcdermott ( whose 31 wickets made him the highest australian wicket-taker in a series against india ) , bruce reid ( a wrecker in the second test before breaking down again ) and merv hughes — who had been the key figures throughout the series .

It can be detected out on the fairways , where he is acknowledged as being among cricket 's best golfers .
it can be detected out on the fairways , where he is [noted] as being among cricket 's best golfers .

allow a much wider range of achievements to be acknowledged ;
allow a much wider range of achievements to be [noted] ;

It is now acknowledged that the educational , health and social welfare systems are often not adequate or appropriate for the needs of most ethnic families .
it is now [noted] that the educational , health and social welfare systems are often not adequate or appropriate for the needs of most ethnic families .

It should be expected that children will be upset by such dramatic changes in their lives and this needs to be acknowledged and supported .
it should be expected that children will be upset by such dramatic changes in their lives and this needs to be [noted] and supported .

Apple Computer Inc chief John Sculley reckons it is essential for the head of a computer company to have a clear grasp of technological directions and acknowledged that it took him several years before he felt confident to take strategic decisions .
apple computer inc chief john sculley reckons it is essential for the head of a computer company to have a clear grasp of technological directions and [noted] that it took him several years before he felt confident to take strategic decisions .

All funds raised by runners in sponsored marathons or ‘ fun runs ’ are gratefully acknowledged and help to provide convalescent holidays , travel expenses and little luxuries for our children .
all funds raised by runners in sponsored marathons or ‘ fun runs ’ are gratefully [noted] and help to provide convalescent holidays , travel expenses and little luxuries for our children .

Yet at least there are profound gratifications for many women from the assumption of the role which is acknowledged as socially valuable , in the contribution it makes to the health and well-being of the next generation .
yet at least there are profound gratifications for many women from the assumption of the role which is [noted] as socially valuable , in the contribution it makes to the health and well-being of the next generation .

The notion of affirmation thus helps to assert the right of elders to have their unique identities and histories properly acknowledged in any assessment process .
the notion of affirmation thus helps to assert the right of elders to have their unique identities and histories properly [noted] in any assessment process .

The Government acknowledged holding just three prisoners , including Mirghani Abd al-Rahman Suleiman .
the government [noted] holding just three prisoners , including mirghani abd al-rahman suleiman .

In the interim , Smith has at least acknowledged the constitutional agenda by pronouncing in favour of devolution , regional government and a Bill of Rights .
in the interim , smith has at least [noted] the constitutional agenda by pronouncing in favour of devolution , regional government and a bill of rights .

What Amis has also acknowledged as a writer is that nice things are n't necessarily as funny as nasty things .
what amis has also [noted] as a writer is that nice things are n't necessarily as funny as nasty things .

He slipped quietly to the back of the hall , catching sight of Nancy and Dr Little and acknowledged their presence with a slight gesture of his hand .
he slipped quietly to the back of the hall , catching sight of nancy and dr little and [noted] their presence with a slight gesture of his hand .

Conflicts were never even acknowledged , let alone resolved .
conflicts were never even [noted] , let alone resolved .

’ In a rare act of editorial humility , the paper acknowledged that it had made the same mistake itself .
’ in a rare act of editorial humility , the paper [noted] that it had made the same mistake itself .

We have not yet as a nation fully acknowledged the wrong that was done at that time , and we have not fully rejected it .
we have not yet as a nation fully [noted] the wrong that was done at that time , and we have not fully rejected it .

They see the signs of Satan everywhere , not just within dictators , and others widely acknowledged to be evil , but within individual people .
they see the signs of satan everywhere , not just within dictators , and others widely [noted] to be evil , but within individual people .

At the same time child abuse , following a national pattern , was becoming more widely acknowledged and symptoms recognised .
at the same time child abuse , following a national pattern , was becoming more widely [noted] and symptoms recognised .

The Social Work Department duly acknowledged the receipt of letters sent to the nine children care of the department .
the social work department duly [noted] the receipt of letters sent to the nine children care of the department .

Such situations typify a provincial comedy circuit whose very existence is barely acknowledged in the capital .
such situations typify a provincial comedy circuit whose very existence is barely [noted] in the capital .

It is now becoming a generally acknowledged fact that the Undertakers in England have too long neglected the importance of sanitation as applied to their own profession .
it is now becoming a generally [noted] fact that the undertakers in england have too long neglected the importance of sanitation as applied to their own profession .

Mr Cole appeared before the Board and acknowledged that the Coffin was not made according to his Contract whereupon he was strongly cautioned by the Chairman as to his future conduct .
mr cole appeared before the board and [noted] that the coffin was not made according to his contract whereupon he was strongly cautioned by the chairman as to his future conduct .

We are acknowledged to be a well-managed and progressive company .
we are [noted] to be a well-managed and progressive company .

The man looked at her curiously as he passed , touched his cap and muttered a curt good evening , which she acknowledged equally briefly .
the man looked at her curiously as he passed , touched his cap and muttered a curt good evening , which she [noted] equally briefly .

So Edna acknowledged that there were sleeping dogs , did she ?
so edna [noted] that there were sleeping dogs , did she ?

‘ You are acknowledged , Timberwolf Seven .
‘ you are [noted] , timberwolf seven .

‘ Good to be back , ’ Vologsky acknowledged .
‘ good to be back , ’ vologsky [noted] .

Vologsky 's inner robot acknowledged that the missile detection apparatus was functioning , and took the appropriate action .
vologsky 's inner robot [noted] that the missile detection apparatus was functioning , and took the appropriate action .

When the man looked up from his digging Frizzell lifted a tired hand in salute and the man gravely acknowledged it .
when the man looked up from his digging frizzell lifted a tired hand in salute and the man gravely [noted] it .

These categories reveal an intricate relationship between social rank and economic standing , so much so as to invite the conclusion that by this date , if not much earlier , it had come to be acknowledged that status was a function of source and level of income , subject to the proviso that land took precedence over personal property .
these categories reveal an intricate relationship between social rank and economic standing , so much so as to invite the conclusion that by this date , if not much earlier , it had come to be [noted] that status was a function of source and level of income , subject to the proviso that land took precedence over personal property .

The incidence of this higher rate of tax — totalling , inclusive of the loan , 25 per cent — is therefore misleading ; in effect it acknowledged the superior position of £40 men while seeking to evade the full implications .
the incidence of this higher rate of tax — totalling , inclusive of the loan , 25 per cent — is therefore misleading ; in effect it [noted] the superior position of £40 men while seeking to evade the full implications .

If he showed it to be an impossible concept , he continued to demonstrate that it remains a necessary one , and acknowledged that we must learn to live with that impossibility .
if he showed it to be an impossible concept , he continued to demonstrate that it remains a necessary one , and [noted] that we must learn to live with that impossibility .

Many underground investigators have become highly frustrated because they are unable to pursue the sorts of questions that an acknowledged researcher could pursue ( see Bulmer , 1982 for a relevant discussion ) .
many underground investigators have become highly frustrated because they are unable to pursue the sorts of questions that an [noted] researcher could pursue ( see bulmer , 1982 for a relevant discussion ) .

He stood in the ballroom entrance and acknowledged the applause with a small bow .
he stood in the ballroom entrance and [noted] the applause with a small bow .

They acknowledged that there was an acute shortage of nurses throughout the country and concluded that a training scheme should be organised .
they [noted] that there was an acute shortage of nurses throughout the country and concluded that a training scheme should be organised .

In lieu of an overarching policy of universal nursery education , within which special needs would have an acknowledged place , we have the hotchpotch of provision with which practitioners are only too familiar , and which mostly reflects local and regional idiosyncrasies rather than a planned and coherent structure based on policy .
in lieu of an overarching policy of universal nursery education , within which special needs would have an [noted] place , we have the hotchpotch of provision with which practitioners are only too familiar , and which mostly reflects local and regional idiosyncrasies rather than a planned and coherent structure based on policy .

Despite this reassuring message from history that disruptive behaviour is not an event peculiar to contemporary education and recent evidence that there has been no dramatic increase in such behaviour , it has to be acknowledged that anxiety about disruptive behaviour has increased .
despite this reassuring message from history that disruptive behaviour is not an event peculiar to contemporary education and recent evidence that there has been no dramatic increase in such behaviour , it has to be [noted] that anxiety about disruptive behaviour has increased .

The tower acknowledged him , once more ordering the Ilyushin to overshoot .
the tower [noted] him , once more ordering the ilyushin to overshoot .

David Tagg of Grand Metropolitan also acknowledged that headhunters will try quite naturally to seduce good people away from such companies as his own ; but , he maintained , headhunters overall did a good job for him and he was not frightened that they might take his staff .
david tagg of grand metropolitan also [noted] that headhunters will try quite naturally to seduce good people away from such companies as his own ; but , he maintained , headhunters overall did a good job for him and he was not frightened that they might take his staff .

The National Health Service Act of 1948 only acknowledged and institutionalised those divisions , it did not cause them , just as the 1974 reorganisation has done nothing to diminish them .
the national health service act of 1948 only [noted] and institutionalised those divisions , it did not cause them , just as the 1974 reorganisation has done nothing to diminish them .

For convenience , one can be called ‘ market ’ society , and one ‘ status ’ society ; the crucial distinction between them is that in one privileges and obligations were increasingly distributed through competition in the market , and in the other by the operation of an acknowledged and traditional hierarchy of status .
for convenience , one can be called ‘ market ’ society , and one ‘ status ’ society ; the crucial distinction between them is that in one privileges and obligations were increasingly distributed through competition in the market , and in the other by the operation of an [noted] and traditional hierarchy of status .

There were still people who resisted the idea of a sovereign law-maker with the right to invade any vested interest and set aside any restraining principle , but , by and large , the supremacy of the State was acknowledged after centuries of dispute .
there were still people who resisted the idea of a sovereign law-maker with the right to invade any vested interest and set aside any restraining principle , but , by and large , the supremacy of the state was [noted] after centuries of dispute .

In 1880 St Thomas Aquinas was acknowledged the patron of all Catholic schools and learning , and a great revival of Thomist scholarship began which was to do much to integrate Catholic dogma with the advances of natural science .
in 1880 st thomas aquinas was [noted] the patron of all catholic schools and learning , and a great revival of thomist scholarship began which was to do much to integrate catholic dogma with the advances of natural science .

This pronouncement on social policy upheld the institution of private property , but acknowledged that limitations might rightly be laid upon its rights so as to protect the poor and weak .
this pronouncement on social policy upheld the institution of private property , but [noted] that limitations might rightly be laid upon its rights so as to protect the poor and weak .

This opens the possibility ( and one acknowledged in conversation ) that communication could involve structured messages , perhaps even structure of the sort producing infinite generative capacity , without the creatures ever having passed the ‘ Gricean hump ’ that Bennett put them past even before occasion meaning had made its evolutionary debut .
this opens the possibility ( and one [noted] in conversation ) that communication could involve structured messages , perhaps even structure of the sort producing infinite generative capacity , without the creatures ever having passed the ‘ gricean hump ’ that bennett put them past even before occasion meaning had made its evolutionary debut .

The impetus for this undertaking derives from a lacuna in traditional Marxist theory — the fact that while the founding fathers acknowledged the importance of the state , their account of it as the tool of the ruling class is misleading .
the impetus for this undertaking derives from a lacuna in traditional marxist theory — the fact that while the founding fathers [noted] the importance of the state , their account of it as the tool of the ruling class is misleading .

Holist explanations are widely acknowledged to play a vital part in our understanding of the social world .
holist explanations are widely [noted] to play a vital part in our understanding of the social world .

The interesting question arises : were the several widely acknowledged major episodes of mass extinction in the Phanerozoic caused by exceptional events different in kind from what occurred in the much lengthier intervening periods , or are they merely the spectacular end-members of a whole series ? Those who have recourse to the deus ex machina of lethal rays or thunderbolts from outer space may incline to the former view , but only at the expense of disregarding the abundant evidence in the stratigraphic record of a correlation between mass extinctions and physical events on earth ( Hallam , 1981c ) .
the interesting question arises : were the several widely [noted] major episodes of mass extinction in the phanerozoic caused by exceptional events different in kind from what occurred in the much lengthier intervening periods , or are they merely the spectacular end-members of a whole series ? those who have recourse to the deus ex machina of lethal rays or thunderbolts from outer space may incline to the former view , but only at the expense of disregarding the abundant evidence in the stratigraphic record of a correlation between mass extinctions and physical events on earth ( hallam , 1981c ) .

When the whole family is in the room ask everyone 's name individually including the children as this helps everyone feel acknowledged and important .
when the whole family is in the room ask everyone 's name individually including the children as this helps everyone feel [noted] and important .

She acknowledged that she had a bad temper but recently she had felt so angry that she had hit the younger child repeatedly around the head and shoulders , bruising him .
she [noted] that she had a bad temper but recently she had felt so angry that she had hit the younger child repeatedly around the head and shoulders , bruising him .

Usually this lasts for only a short period if the problem is acknowledged .
usually this lasts for only a short period if the problem is [noted] .

It is generally acknowledged that gritstone is the acid test of a climber 's ability ; if you can handle its subtleties and idiosyncrasies , the inadequate creases and sparse protection , then the grip and pull or sharphold security of other rock types will be easy meat in comparison .
it is generally [noted] that gritstone is the acid test of a climber 's ability ; if you can handle its subtleties and idiosyncrasies , the inadequate creases and sparse protection , then the grip and pull or sharphold security of other rock types will be easy meat in comparison .

But it needs to be acknowledged here that the feminist concerns just mentioned have something in common with nonfeminist and even anti-feminist concerns in studying sex difference .
but it needs to be [noted] here that the feminist concerns just mentioned have something in common with nonfeminist and even anti-feminist concerns in studying sex difference .

These groups have an acknowledged and often flourishing traditional linguistic culture , which is easily understood as arising from their particular history as geographically and socially segregated communities , and not from ‘ natural ’ , ahistorical difference .
these groups have an [noted] and often flourishing traditional linguistic culture , which is easily understood as arising from their particular history as geographically and socially segregated communities , and not from ‘ natural ’ , ahistorical difference .

Thirdly , this whole area has been undisclosed , little discussed , acknowledged , and shared .
thirdly , this whole area has been undisclosed , little discussed , [noted] , and shared .

The resources of continuing health , sight , hearing and memory should also be acknowledged .
the resources of continuing health , sight , hearing and memory should also be [noted] .

The worker 's personal feelings may need to be acknowledged first , before it is possible to embark on the kind of work in which a couple of the generation of the worker 's parents or grandparents are encouraged to express their sexuality and personal needs .
the worker 's personal feelings may need to be [noted] first , before it is possible to embark on the kind of work in which a couple of the generation of the worker 's parents or grandparents are encouraged to express their sexuality and personal needs .

The variety of close relationships with which people end their lives should be acknowledged .
the variety of close relationships with which people end their lives should be [noted] .

Their Korean hosts were said to be upset at the way they barely acknowledged each other in public except for a few surly and petulant exchanges .
their korean hosts were said to be upset at the way they barely [noted] each other in public except for a few surly and petulant exchanges .

It was the first time he had acknowledged sensational claims about his wife , Camilla , and Prince Charles .
it was the first time he had [noted] sensational claims about his wife , camilla , and prince charles .

However , although the dramatic progress , in terms of productivity , made by Jaguar since privatisation is acknowledged , critics claim that it was bound to be a takeover candidate before too long , as it was a small player in a market which was becoming increasingly concentrated .
however , although the dramatic progress , in terms of productivity , made by jaguar since privatisation is [noted] , critics claim that it was bound to be a takeover candidate before too long , as it was a small player in a market which was becoming increasingly concentrated .

Bodie acknowledged , and glanced coolly around , searching the estate for signs of stealthy movement like their own .
bodie [noted] , and glanced coolly around , searching the estate for signs of stealthy movement like their own .

Bodie acknowledged him at the bar . ‘ Coke ? ’
bodie [noted] him at the bar . ‘ coke ? ’

He acknowledged Liz quickly , then lifted his daughter into his arms .
he [noted] liz quickly , then lifted his daughter into his arms .

Cowley acknowledged that .
cowley [noted] that .

The champions of England and Scotland , the ‘ auld enemy ’ , were fighting for the right to be acknowledged as champions of Britain .
the champions of england and scotland , the ‘ auld enemy ’ , were fighting for the right to be [noted] as champions of britain .

Liverpool have acknowledged receipt of their letter in which they hold Saunders responsible for dangerous play .
liverpool have [noted] receipt of their letter in which they hold saunders responsible for dangerous play .

Boli , acknowledged as the best defender in France , is desperately keen to follow his friend , Eric Cantona , into the Premier League .
boli , [noted] as the best defender in france , is desperately keen to follow his friend , eric cantona , into the premier league .

The work of Freud , and subsequent psychoanalysts , has indicated that when the pain of unexpressed feelings is not recognized or acknowledged , the subconscious mind ensures that such recognition never re-emerges at a conscious level , but it can nevertheless be a major subconscious influence on the social performance of the individual .
the work of freud , and subsequent psychoanalysts , has indicated that when the pain of unexpressed feelings is not recognized or [noted] , the subconscious mind ensures that such recognition never re-emerges at a conscious level , but it can nevertheless be a major subconscious influence on the social performance of the individual .

Years later , she acknowledged the debt she owed him for those early lessons in self-determination .
years later , she [noted] the debt she owed him for those early lessons in self-determination .

He was trying to pick her up , of course , but any Wren new to the flotilla must expect to be fair game , she acknowledged , especially in a base so isolated , where women were outnumbered by fifty to one .
he was trying to pick her up , of course , but any wren new to the flotilla must expect to be fair game , she [noted] , especially in a base so isolated , where women were outnumbered by fifty to one .

‘ Well , there might be the odd one or two who 've signed the pledge , ’ he acknowledged , ‘ and they get threepence a day on their pay if they do n't draw , as we call it .
‘ well , there might be the odd one or two who 've signed the pledge , ’ he [noted] , ‘ and they get threepence a day on their pay if they do n't draw , as we call it .

Maybe it works , ’ Vi acknowledged .
maybe it works , ’ vi [noted] .

If they did n't , then their status was not sufficiently acknowledged .
if they did n't , then their status was not sufficiently [noted] .

As children , our cries for attention are acknowledged and responded to , ignored or dealt with by aggression .
as children , our cries for attention are [noted] and responded to , ignored or dealt with by aggression .

Often , an audience member who is insecure about his or her status ( and they may enjoy high overt status ) will demonstrate the need to get that status acknowledged .
often , an audience member who is insecure about his or her status ( and they may enjoy high overt status ) will demonstrate the need to get that status [noted] .

But there was no hint of courtesy or even ordinary politeness between the Prince and Princess of Wales , who barely acknowledged each other with a glance .
but there was no hint of courtesy or even ordinary politeness between the prince and princess of wales , who barely [noted] each other with a glance .

They were , he acknowledged , deeply xenophobic :
they were , he [noted] , deeply xenophobic :

Yesterday the Home Office and the police force acknowledged that by launching a new code of ethics .
yesterday the home office and the police force [noted] that by launching a new code of ethics .

It is time society acknowledged the importance of motherhood and all the responsibility this entails , even to making decisions on the suitability of medical treatment .
it is time society [noted] the importance of motherhood and all the responsibility this entails , even to making decisions on the suitability of medical treatment .

And Graham acknowledged : ‘ He accepted what was said , and got on with the job .
and graham [noted] : ‘ he accepted what was said , and got on with the job .

Shearer , denied a hat-trick when John Lukic diverted another stunning volley , acknowledged the service .
shearer , denied a hat-trick when john lukic diverted another stunning volley , [noted] the service .

The Registrar has acknowledged receipt of the accounts on 31 July 1992 , but maintains that the due date for filing was 30 July 1992 , which he regards as 10 months from the accounting reference date .
the registrar has [noted] receipt of the accounts on 31 july 1992 , but maintains that the due date for filing was 30 july 1992 , which he regards as 10 months from the accounting reference date .

The solicitor who drafted the will later acknowledged that he had made a mistake .
the solicitor who drafted the will later [noted] that he had made a mistake .

To have acknowledged social depression and despair would have been to have identified anger .
to have [noted] social depression and despair would have been to have identified anger .

Simply , this is a blanket opposition to the bosses , but is also a refusal to accept even the idea of acknowledged leadership .
simply , this is a blanket opposition to the bosses , but is also a refusal to accept even the idea of [noted] leadership .

While they acknowledged they did not feel themselves to be happy at work — their lot was ‘ to work ’ — they felt that nothing could be changed because they did not have the knowledge .
while they [noted] they did not feel themselves to be happy at work — their lot was ‘ to work ’ — they felt that nothing could be changed because they did not have the knowledge .

While the stated reason for moving to the resort was the desire to bring up one 's children in a healthy place , the less readily acknowledged reason was to ‘ better oneself ’ .
while the stated reason for moving to the resort was the desire to bring up one 's children in a healthy place , the less readily [noted] reason was to ‘ better oneself ’ .

Our concern is rather to break away from the stale confrontation of reason and spontaneity which has persisted since the Romantic Movement , to invite the man of reason to admit that he never has had any ends which did not spring from his own spontaneity , and the intuitive and impulsive that no insight that flashes from theirs can be acknowledged as objective truth until it survives the ruthless justice of reason .
our concern is rather to break away from the stale confrontation of reason and spontaneity which has persisted since the romantic movement , to invite the man of reason to admit that he never has had any ends which did not spring from his own spontaneity , and the intuitive and impulsive that no insight that flashes from theirs can be [noted] as objective truth until it survives the ruthless justice of reason .

At that very moment Ingulph came by and on seeing him Ashford 's relations acknowledged God 's judgement in favour of the abbey .
at that very moment ingulph came by and on seeing him ashford 's relations [noted] god 's judgement in favour of the abbey .

She looked up at him and he acknowledged her presence by a brief glance , but without slackening speed he rode past her , towards the wood .
she looked up at him and he [noted] her presence by a brief glance , but without slackening speed he rode past her , towards the wood .

‘ He 's not a bad master , ’ Sean acknowledged .
‘ he 's not a bad master , ’ sean [noted] .

‘ The whole organisation is under pressure to deliver ’ , acknowledged Rowlands ‘ We want to maximise profits , but not at the expense of the game ’ .
‘ the whole organisation is under pressure to deliver ’ , [noted] rowlands ‘ we want to maximise profits , but not at the expense of the game ’ .

Undoubtedly much of Lewkenor 's commercial activities verged on the illegal , but few of the Sussex coastal gentry were probably uninvolved in the piracy and smuggling which flourished in the troubled international scene and which , in the guise of ‘ sea-dogs ’ , has long been acknowledged as one of the great Elizabethan attributes .
undoubtedly much of lewkenor 's commercial activities verged on the illegal , but few of the sussex coastal gentry were probably uninvolved in the piracy and smuggling which flourished in the troubled international scene and which , in the guise of ‘ sea-dogs ’ , has long been [noted] as one of the great elizabethan attributes .

Mirror Group Newspapers and its then editors acknowledged yesterday that the attacks were unfounded .
mirror group newspapers and its then editors [noted] yesterday that the attacks were unfounded .

It is a truth universally acknowledged that if you are trying to clinch a tricky deal , alcohol will lubricate the wheels of diplomacy , quell tempers and deflect dissent .
it is a truth universally [noted] that if you are trying to clinch a tricky deal , alcohol will lubricate the wheels of diplomacy , quell tempers and deflect dissent .

Nonetheless the composition of households does change over time , perhaps rather more than much recent research has acknowledged .
nonetheless the composition of households does change over time , perhaps rather more than much recent research has [noted] .

The British data suggest that people commonly think about their total kin universe as divided into two or three categories ( represented visually by concentric circles ) and these categories do correspond with obligations acknowledged in practice .
the british data suggest that people commonly think about their total kin universe as divided into two or three categories ( represented visually by concentric circles ) and these categories do correspond with obligations [noted] in practice .

This needs to be acknowledged within the staff team themselves .
this needs to be [noted] within the staff team themselves .

The power of the worker vis-a-vis the group members is acknowledged , but nowhere are the power differentials between members — attributable to race , gender , class and disability — recognised , or incorporated into the theory .
the power of the worker vis-a-vis the group members is [noted] , but nowhere are the power differentials between members — attributable to race , gender , class and disability — recognised , or incorporated into the theory .

Now it seems more or less acknowledged , as Rab Butler once said of a beleaguered Harold Macmillan , that ‘ he 's the best leader we 've got .
now it seems more or less [noted] , as rab butler once said of a beleaguered harold macmillan , that ‘ he 's the best leader we 've got .

Despite remedial work , which Howard acknowledged on a second visit in 1786 , the prison was clearly still inadequate .
despite remedial work , which howard [noted] on a second visit in 1786 , the prison was clearly still inadequate .

It ought to be able to offer more psychological and psychiatric help to the men who inhabit its strange , grey world ; more group work as well as individual help is acknowledged as being required by the staff , including the Probation Officer , who have a special responsibility for it , for these are men for whom the risk of reconviction is often very high .
it ought to be able to offer more psychological and psychiatric help to the men who inhabit its strange , grey world ; more group work as well as individual help is [noted] as being required by the staff , including the probation officer , who have a special responsibility for it , for these are men for whom the risk of reconviction is often very high .

There were also acknowledged strengths , of which the Social Skills course was one .
there were also [noted] strengths , of which the social skills course was one .

As the foregoing brief chronology has demonstrated , which Councils have been recognized as ecumenical is far more arbitrary than is acknowledged by the bland words of the current Code .
as the foregoing brief chronology has demonstrated , which councils have been recognized as ecumenical is far more arbitrary than is [noted] by the bland words of the current code .

Certainly , Bentham acknowledged his debt to Beccaria .
certainly , bentham [noted] his debt to beccaria .

Radzinowicz and Hood ( 1986 , p. 726 ) have noted their obvious ( and acknowledged ) debt to Beccaria .
radzinowicz and hood ( 1986 , p. 726 ) have noted their obvious ( and [noted] ) debt to beccaria .

Foucault , of course , acknowledged that the reformative ideals that gave rise to the prison were a failure , in practice , from the start .
foucault , of course , [noted] that the reformative ideals that gave rise to the prison were a failure , in practice , from the start .

The sense of injustice created by such a system would inevitably work against its deterrent effectiveness ( Beccaria always acknowledged the importance of consent in producing compliance ; it is difficult to imagine how his version of the social contract would have allowed such a system to operate ) .
the sense of injustice created by such a system would inevitably work against its deterrent effectiveness ( beccaria always [noted] the importance of consent in producing compliance ; it is difficult to imagine how his version of the social contract would have allowed such a system to operate ) .

However , we can directly relate the intellectual ideas of the 1960s about crime and criminals with events in the world , because the proponents themselves acknowledged the connection .
however , we can directly relate the intellectual ideas of the 1960s about crime and criminals with events in the world , because the proponents themselves [noted] the connection .

As this brief background has perhaps already suggested , it incorporated themes with a distinctly classical flavour to them ; sometimes , as we will see , this connection was acknowledged .
as this brief background has perhaps already suggested , it incorporated themes with a distinctly classical flavour to them ; sometimes , as we will see , this connection was [noted] .

Admittedly , most positivists had acknowledged that there were problems with their data .
admittedly , most positivists had [noted] that there were problems with their data .

Although rooted in the positivist tradition ( especially in the case of Hirschi ) , control theories also owe a clear and acknowledged debt to the classical tradition .
although rooted in the positivist tradition ( especially in the case of hirschi ) , control theories also owe a clear and [noted] debt to the classical tradition .

To a limited and inadequate extent this was recognised in classical criminology : Beccaria acknowledged that the content , as well as the operation , of legal rules was likely to be a significant factor in the degree of compliance that could be expected .
to a limited and inadequate extent this was recognised in classical criminology : beccaria [noted] that the content , as well as the operation , of legal rules was likely to be a significant factor in the degree of compliance that could be expected .

Most criminological theories have , in various ways , acknowledged their significance .
most criminological theories have , in various ways , [noted] their significance .

The Italian movement for democratic psychiatry proved so attractive and drew such European interest purely because in its attempts to place services fairly and squarely in the community it acknowledged that it was essential to involve not just health and social services , but also employment , leisure , housing , the trade union movement , and the whole panoply of services .
the italian movement for democratic psychiatry proved so attractive and drew such european interest purely because in its attempts to place services fairly and squarely in the community it [noted] that it was essential to involve not just health and social services , but also employment , leisure , housing , the trade union movement , and the whole panoply of services .

‘ There could be recruitment problems , but our care managers are in a reasonably strong position because Kent is acknowledged to be further advanced , ’ says Oliver Mills , assistant director responsible for inspection and quality assurance .
‘ there could be recruitment problems , but our care managers are in a reasonably strong position because kent is [noted] to be further advanced , ’ says oliver mills , assistant director responsible for inspection and quality assurance .

But New York has already been taxed beyond its means — as its politicians have tacitly acknowledged by freezing most taxes since January 1992 .
but new york has already been taxed beyond its means — as its politicians have tacitly [noted] by freezing most taxes since january 1992 .

Garry was the acknowledged genius of the family , forever reading .
garry was the [noted] genius of the family , forever reading .

Roy noticed that everywhere they walked people acknowledged Michael .
roy noticed that everywhere they walked people [noted] michael .

Kosovo would be acknowledged as part of Serbia .
kosovo would be [noted] as part of serbia .

At a recent town meeting in San Diego , Bill Clinton acknowledged California 's plight .
at a recent town meeting in san diego , bill clinton [noted] california 's plight .

For children 's needs to be considered with parents and their wishes acknowledged and recognised .
for children 's needs to be considered with parents and their wishes [noted] and recognised .

’ George comes from a large family and the home situation is acknowledged by his parents to be stressful because of overcrowding and financial difficulties .
’ george comes from a large family and the home situation is [noted] by his parents to be stressful because of overcrowding and financial difficulties .

This placement followed the breakup of his parents ' marriage which was acknowledged by his mother , but not his father , as having a serious effect upon Tom 's behaviour .
this placement followed the breakup of his parents ' marriage which was [noted] by his mother , but not his father , as having a serious effect upon tom 's behaviour .

Jo emphasised the need for good movement and footwork on the court and acknowledged the work of her fitness advisor , Len Heppel , with whom she has worked for three years .
jo emphasised the need for good movement and footwork on the court and [noted] the work of her fitness advisor , len heppel , with whom she has worked for three years .

‘ Dispatched and acknowledged . ’
‘ dispatched and [noted] . ’

Old Red acknowledged that with a nod and walked on into the corridor .
old red [noted] that with a nod and walked on into the corridor .

Besides , there was no acknowledged pope in England in 1093 , and Anselm showed surprisingly little insistence in urging the king to recognize the pope whom he himself had recognized in Normandy .
besides , there was no [noted] pope in england in 1093 , and anselm showed surprisingly little insistence in urging the king to recognize the pope whom he himself had recognized in normandy .

Like anyone who came of age during the '60s , Young owes an often acknowledged debt to Dylan , both as a songwriting influence and for showing how to turn questionable vocal talent into great singing .
like anyone who came of age during the '60s , young owes an often [noted] debt to dylan , both as a songwriting influence and for showing how to turn questionable vocal talent into great singing .

Its theatre , since the mid 1950s , has been widely acknowledged the world 's wonder .
its theatre , since the mid 1950s , has been widely [noted] the world 's wonder .

Every donation will be acknowledged by return of post .
every donation will be [noted] by return of post .

Even so , Come do n't quite pull off the nerve-ends-shredded-into-mulch effect that is their widely acknowledged forte .
even so , come do n't quite pull off the nerve-ends-shredded-into-mulch effect that is their widely [noted] forte .

Michael Ainslie ( also an American ) , acknowledged that salaries are linked to an individual ( rather than departmental ) bonus scheme but denied that Mr Faxon 's new contracts are the first step towards individual commission-based salaries .
michael ainslie ( also an american ) , [noted] that salaries are linked to an individual ( rather than departmental ) bonus scheme but denied that mr faxon 's new contracts are the first step towards individual commission-based salaries .

Stanley William Hayter is broadly acknowledged as one of the most influential figures in twentieth-century printmaking , on three counts : his technical innovations , especially in intaglio colour printing ; the encouragement of artists from Miró to Pollock and beyond to treat printmaking as a means of original expression ( rather than just a way of reproducing images ) ; and a remarkable body of prints produced over six decades , which attest to his broad interests in mythology , the workings of the unconscious , and the new mathematics .
stanley william hayter is broadly [noted] as one of the most influential figures in twentieth-century printmaking , on three counts : his technical innovations , especially in intaglio colour printing ; the encouragement of artists from miró to pollock and beyond to treat printmaking as a means of original expression ( rather than just a way of reproducing images ) ; and a remarkable body of prints produced over six decades , which attest to his broad interests in mythology , the workings of the unconscious , and the new mathematics .

The Salon 's academic responsibility was acknowledged by the number of drawings department curators visiting stands — not only from the Louvre and Musée d'Orsay , but also from museums such as Marseilles , Lille , Rennes and Compiègne .
the salon 's academic responsibility was [noted] by the number of drawings department curators visiting stands — not only from the louvre and musée d'orsay , but also from museums such as marseilles , lille , rennes and compiègne .

As such , it was an important milestone on the road to the closer association of the European Community , a facet acknowledged by the European Union of Federalists which reported that the Council ‘ marked the beginning of a real and organic cooperation between the nations of Europe ’ and ‘ the end of the illusion that the aim of European unity can be achieved without political machinery on a supranational level , .
as such , it was an important milestone on the road to the closer association of the european community , a facet [noted] by the european union of federalists which reported that the council ‘ marked the beginning of a real and organic cooperation between the nations of europe ’ and ‘ the end of the illusion that the aim of european unity can be achieved without political machinery on a supranational level , .

The courier took an envelope from his inside pocket and passed it to Tuck , and also offered him paper and a pen , so that the receipt could be acknowledged .
the courier took an envelope from his inside pocket and passed it to tuck , and also offered him paper and a pen , so that the receipt could be [noted] .

His success with the coffee machine was acknowledged , grudged but acknowledged , but he had been made aware that there was an argument for calling in the professionals when it came to tampering with the thermostat on the air system .
his success with the coffee machine was [noted] , grudged but [noted] , but he had been made aware that there was an argument for calling in the professionals when it came to tampering with the thermostat on the air system .

‘ It was acknowledged that the proposed new measures could be regarded as detracting from the sport 's essential sense of adventure and freedom . ’
‘ it was [noted] that the proposed new measures could be regarded as detracting from the sport 's essential sense of adventure and freedom . ’

However , it was also acknowledged that the task set before the filmmakers was so large that it defied reducing the complex series of events into a simple formula drama .
however , it was also [noted] that the task set before the filmmakers was so large that it defied reducing the complex series of events into a simple formula drama .

What set Sadler apart from his contemporaries and rivals in Britain and France , was that he was acknowledged as the first to consciously apply science , to aerostation . In its inaugural edition , The Dublin Magazine ( November 1812 ) paid the following erudite tribute to James Sadler :
what set sadler apart from his contemporaries and rivals in britain and france , was that he was [noted] as the first to consciously apply science , to aerostation . in its inaugural edition , the dublin magazine ( november 1812 ) paid the following erudite tribute to james sadler :

They acknowledged that if emancipation were eventually to come it would require the moral progress and demographic increase consequent upon a conscious policy of a more equal sex ratio amongst slaves ; education and religious instruction ; the reorganisation of the work of the slaves to provide a progressive increase in the time devoted to autonomous labour from which earnings could be directed to self-purchase ; possibly too recognition of obligations to the former master even after the date of legal emancipation .
they [noted] that if emancipation were eventually to come it would require the moral progress and demographic increase consequent upon a conscious policy of a more equal sex ratio amongst slaves ; education and religious instruction ; the reorganisation of the work of the slaves to provide a progressive increase in the time devoted to autonomous labour from which earnings could be directed to self-purchase ; possibly too recognition of obligations to the former master even after the date of legal emancipation .

At the time of the 1835 emancipation , as also at the cessation of apprenticeship in 1838 , abolitionists enacted rituals of triumph and unity , though it was significant for the future that they now acknowledged differences and , ironically , different abolitionists performed different rituals indicative of unity .
at the time of the 1835 emancipation , as also at the cessation of apprenticeship in 1838 , abolitionists enacted rituals of triumph and unity , though it was significant for the future that they now [noted] differences and , ironically , different abolitionists performed different rituals indicative of unity .

All the emerging nations ( at least nominally ) acknowledged the spiritual authority of the Roman pope ; the church was seen as the divinely instituted ark of salvation , riding the storms of the world and history , and mediating to men both the infallible truth of God and the sacramental means of grace as guide and nourishment to their souls upon the pilgrimage to the life beyond ; and theology was regarded — and not only by theologians — as ‘ the queen of the sciences ’ , the supreme intellectual discipline .
all the emerging nations ( at least nominally ) [noted] the spiritual authority of the roman pope ; the church was seen as the divinely instituted ark of salvation , riding the storms of the world and history , and mediating to men both the infallible truth of god and the sacramental means of grace as guide and nourishment to their souls upon the pilgrimage to the life beyond ; and theology was regarded — and not only by theologians — as ‘ the queen of the sciences ’ , the supreme intellectual discipline .

There remained in the polytechnics ( as there had been in the former teacher training colleges ) lecturers who , having experience of teaching in primary schools , acknowledged the importance of approaching teacher education in a broader , more holistic way .
there remained in the polytechnics ( as there had been in the former teacher training colleges ) lecturers who , having experience of teaching in primary schools , [noted] the importance of approaching teacher education in a broader , more holistic way .

It is obvious that company output and projects must reflect the man-power and its performance level , but , if this is acknowledged at all , it is only in brief verbal terms within , for example , the chairman 's annual report .
it is obvious that company output and projects must reflect the man-power and its performance level , but , if this is [noted] at all , it is only in brief verbal terms within , for example , the chairman 's annual report .

All these things can be achieved if it is acknowledged that all procedures should a validated by users under the normal conditions of use .
all these things can be achieved if it is [noted] that all procedures should a validated by users under the normal conditions of use .

On the other hand it must be acknowledged that there are many bad interviews and , as always , improvement is possible by design , consideration of procedures and training .
on the other hand it must be [noted] that there are many bad interviews and , as always , improvement is possible by design , consideration of procedures and training .

Not that Caribbean parents are totally without sporting involvements : there are rare exceptions in the form of Ray Tabi 's father whom he disowned but still acknowledged as his ‘ first lead into boxing ’ ; and the father of heavyweight Howard Henlan had also been a boxer and was instrumental in stimulating his son 's interest .
not that caribbean parents are totally without sporting involvements : there are rare exceptions in the form of ray tabi 's father whom he disowned but still [noted] as his ‘ first lead into boxing ’ ; and the father of heavyweight howard henlan had also been a boxer and was instrumental in stimulating his son 's interest .

How can this complexity be acknowledged when policies are formulated ?
how can this complexity be [noted] when policies are formulated ?

But the similarities must not be overgeneralized and the differences need to be acknowledged .
but the similarities must not be overgeneralized and the differences need to be [noted] .

His luck — and he would have a lot of luck ( which he acknowledged generously and constantly ) — was to meet here the first of many teachers who set him on his way .
his luck — and he would have a lot of luck ( which he [noted] generously and constantly ) — was to meet here the first of many teachers who set him on his way .

Alcoholism was then barely acknowledged and certainly not a widespread and alarming medical issue .
alcoholism was then barely [noted] and certainly not a widespread and alarming medical issue .

Feminism and a greater acknowledged ( though not necessarily practised ) awareness of the equality and independence of sexual rights have becalmed the Don as a fool of time .
feminism and a greater [noted] ( though not necessarily practised ) awareness of the equality and independence of sexual rights have becalmed the don as a fool of time .

When such pupils attain level 1 , the fact that , despite their difficulties , they have started down the curricular path should be acknowledged as a real achievement .
when such pupils attain level 1 , the fact that , despite their difficulties , they have started down the curricular path should be [noted] as a real achievement .

As the crowds listened to Christ 's unconventional preaching and observed his miracles they acknowledged him as sent from God .
as the crowds listened to christ 's unconventional preaching and observed his miracles they [noted] him as sent from god .

For a man who claimed and was popularly acknowledged to be a man of God , such behaviour was extraordinary to say the least .
for a man who claimed and was popularly [noted] to be a man of god , such behaviour was extraordinary to say the least .

Few acknowledged my letter .
few [noted] my letter .

You will be acknowledged by name in the final credits of the Video in the event of it proceeding to completion and in any video credits in the accompanying print material which may be published .
you will be [noted] by name in the final credits of the video in the event of it proceeding to completion and in any video credits in the accompanying print material which may be published .

You will be acknowledged by name in the final credits of the Video in the event of it proceeding to completion and in any video credits in the accompanying print material which may be published .
you will be [noted] by name in the final credits of the video in the event of it proceeding to completion and in any video credits in the accompanying print material which may be published .

You will be acknowledged by name in the final credits of the Video in the event of it proceeding to completion and in any video credits in the accompanying print material which may be published .
you will be [noted] by name in the final credits of the video in the event of it proceeding to completion and in any video credits in the accompanying print material which may be published .

As the cavalcade proceeded through the city , Edward smilingly acknowledged the acclamations and Richard of Gloucester — well aware that it was the very day , the fourth of May , appointed by Elizabeth Woodville for her son 's coronation — addressed the citizens as he rode by .
as the cavalcade proceeded through the city , edward smilingly [noted] the acclamations and richard of gloucester — well aware that it was the very day , the fourth of may , appointed by elizabeth woodville for her son 's coronation — addressed the citizens as he rode by .

The modern arbiter model suggests that this distinct policy stance by state agencies and political leaders could be a much more common and long-lasting phenomenon than Marx or Engels ever acknowledged .
the modern arbiter model suggests that this distinct policy stance by state agencies and political leaders could be a much more common and long-lasting phenomenon than marx or engels ever [noted] .

Yet apart from this acknowledged intellectual debt and critical reaction to Spengler Mosley developed other ideas from his work .
yet apart from this [noted] intellectual debt and critical reaction to spengler mosley developed other ideas from his work .

The Duke of Northumberland 's political concerns had little or no significance for contemporary society , a fact acknowledged by Nesta Webster in her conspiracy theory novel , The Secret of the Zodiac .
the duke of northumberland 's political concerns had little or no significance for contemporary society , a fact [noted] by nesta webster in her conspiracy theory novel , the secret of the zodiac .

This extension of the boundaries of acknowledged humanity , however fitful or partial , is especially favourable to social anthropology , which is by tradition a Third World subject .
this extension of the boundaries of [noted] humanity , however fitful or partial , is especially favourable to social anthropology , which is by tradition a third world subject .

by the late Seventies it was generally acknowledged that a funding system partially dependent on the departments would be unlikely to assure speedy progress towards a comprehensive service in the sector and would do nothing to reduce the substantial regional inequalities in the distribution of extra hospital facilities .
by the late seventies it was generally [noted] that a funding system partially dependent on the departments would be unlikely to assure speedy progress towards a comprehensive service in the sector and would do nothing to reduce the substantial regional inequalities in the distribution of extra hospital facilities .

Mordechai Vanunu 's detention in Israel was not officially acknowledged until 9 November 1986 .
mordechai vanunu 's detention in israel was not officially [noted] until 9 november 1986 .

Especially with an organisation whose public profile continues to rise , whose impact on governments is openly acknowledged , and which is steadily gathering support from more and more people .
especially with an organisation whose public profile continues to rise , whose impact on governments is openly [noted] , and which is steadily gathering support from more and more people .

The philosophy of the Warnock Report ( Department of Education and Science , 1978 ) greatly influenced the content of the 1981 Education Act , particularly with its recommendation that varying and individual educational needs should be acknowledged , rather than prejudged on the basis of categories .
the philosophy of the warnock report ( department of education and science , 1978 ) greatly influenced the content of the 1981 education act , particularly with its recommendation that varying and individual educational needs should be [noted] , rather than prejudged on the basis of categories .

Their fight , however , also serves to bring them closer to each other , each filling a void in their lives which they had not previously acknowledged as such .
their fight , however , also serves to bring them closer to each other , each filling a void in their lives which they had not previously [noted] as such .

They acknowledged only that they had been playing loud music and having innocent fun .
they [noted] only that they had been playing loud music and having innocent fun .

It is a fishing port of sufficient importance to justify the laying of a single track railway to it from Fort William , this passing through scenery of such exquisite beauty that it is widely acknowledged to be the most delightful railway in Britain .
it is a fishing port of sufficient importance to justify the laying of a single track railway to it from fort william , this passing through scenery of such exquisite beauty that it is widely [noted] to be the most delightful railway in britain .

And he was , after all , acknowledged as a fine gynaecologist .
and he was , after all , [noted] as a fine gynaecologist .

There was a momentary crisis when the telex failed , and he was cut off from London , but two Tongan soldiers arrived on his doorstep in the middle of the storm , saluted smartly , acknowledged they realized his predicament and promised that his links with the outside world would be restored ‘ as a matter of the utmost priority ’ .
there was a momentary crisis when the telex failed , and he was cut off from london , but two tongan soldiers arrived on his doorstep in the middle of the storm , saluted smartly , [noted] they realized his predicament and promised that his links with the outside world would be restored ‘ as a matter of the utmost priority ’ .

Even in this excruciating extremity a part of Lexandro acknowledged that the former would be folly , the latter would be futile .
even in this excruciating extremity a part of lexandro [noted] that the former would be folly , the latter would be futile .

Service planners have rarely acknowledged the need for emotional support , yet services need to be organized to foster the well-being of existing relationships and to help people develop new ones .
service planners have rarely [noted] the need for emotional support , yet services need to be organized to foster the well-being of existing relationships and to help people develop new ones .

Government sources subsequently acknowledged that up to 3,000 people had been involved in the demonstrations , and that 200 had been injured ; unofficial sources suggested that as many as 280 students had lost their lives , together with twenty-nine policemen and soldiers .
government sources subsequently [noted] that up to 3,000 people had been involved in the demonstrations , and that 200 had been injured ; unofficial sources suggested that as many as 280 students had lost their lives , together with twenty-nine policemen and soldiers .

But he also mentioned the need to ensure that the various nationalities were properly represented in political and economic life , and he acknowledged that party officials had sometimes handled nationality issues without the degree of sensitivity that they required .
but he also mentioned the need to ensure that the various nationalities were properly represented in political and economic life , and he [noted] that party officials had sometimes handled nationality issues without the degree of sensitivity that they required .

Gorbachev , speaking at the closing ceremony , acknowledged that there were basic disagreements between the two sides , but thought the meeting had created ‘ opportunities for progress ’ ; Reagan thought that ‘ useful preliminary results ’ had been achieved , and hoped that further progress would be achieved at the meeting that had been arranged for the following year .
gorbachev , speaking at the closing ceremony , [noted] that there were basic disagreements between the two sides , but thought the meeting had created ‘ opportunities for progress ’ ; reagan thought that ‘ useful preliminary results ’ had been achieved , and hoped that further progress would be achieved at the meeting that had been arranged for the following year .

This , the first extended Bush-Gorbachev summit , was hailed as a new beginning in US-Soviet relations , despite acknowledged and continuing differences on a number of key bilateral and international issues .
this , the first extended bush-gorbachev summit , was hailed as a new beginning in us-soviet relations , despite [noted] and continuing differences on a number of key bilateral and international issues .

For secret reasons she acknowledged but did not understand , she felt bitterly offended .
for secret reasons she [noted] but did not understand , she felt bitterly offended .

And he had never yet directly addressed Melanie by her name or even acknowledged Victoria 's presence .
and he had never yet directly addressed melanie by her name or even [noted] victoria 's presence .

She acknowledged the spyhole and peered through it , sometimes , when the sleeplessness got very bad .
she [noted] the spyhole and peered through it , sometimes , when the sleeplessness got very bad .

But Finn , she acknowledged with a sinking of her spirit , would have .
but finn , she [noted] with a sinking of her spirit , would have .

It ought to be obvious , but is far from universally acknowledged in competition law , that where policy towards market dominance is in question , prevention is better than seeking remedies after a dominant position has been achieved .
it ought to be obvious , but is far from universally [noted] in competition law , that where policy towards market dominance is in question , prevention is better than seeking remedies after a dominant position has been achieved .

The woman barely acknowledged Christina , and continued talking to Stephen , thrusting her abundant cleavage closer to him with every word .
the woman barely [noted] christina , and continued talking to stephen , thrusting her abundant cleavage closer to him with every word .

There was another knock on the door ; a signal that the T'ang acknowledged with a few words of Mandarin .
there was another knock on the door ; a signal that the t'ang [noted] with a few words of mandarin .

The chief point at issue is not the competing merits of the models ; more fundamentally the controversial nature of the social class concept needs to be acknowledged and discussed by sociolinguists in order to give researchers some purchase on the important question of how language relates to social structure .
the chief point at issue is not the competing merits of the models ; more fundamentally the controversial nature of the social class concept needs to be [noted] and discussed by sociolinguists in order to give researchers some purchase on the important question of how language relates to social structure .

As we shall see in chapters 6 and 7 , they present problems also ; but these problems tend to be more generally acknowledged , and to be on the whole less intractable than the ones we are discussing here .
as we shall see in chapters 6 and 7 , they present problems also ; but these problems tend to be more generally [noted] , and to be on the whole less intractable than the ones we are discussing here .

Once it has been acknowledged that linguistic differentiation is a particularly salient manifestation of the tendency of communities to mark out gender distinctions by a variety of means , it is difficult , given the general orientation of current sociolinguistics , to progress further in finding a convincing explanation of linguistic sex-marking .
once it has been [noted] that linguistic differentiation is a particularly salient manifestation of the tendency of communities to mark out gender distinctions by a variety of means , it is difficult , given the general orientation of current sociolinguistics , to progress further in finding a convincing explanation of linguistic sex-marking .

There are certainly a number of obvious difficulties which need to be acknowledged ; first of all , some groups are extremely small , and where divisions are made on the basis of two speaker variables ( such as social class and sex ) it may seem a little unreal to label the persons who fall into one of the resulting categories as something along the lines of ‘ the upper-middle-class female group ’ .
there are certainly a number of obvious difficulties which need to be [noted] ; first of all , some groups are extremely small , and where divisions are made on the basis of two speaker variables ( such as social class and sex ) it may seem a little unreal to label the persons who fall into one of the resulting categories as something along the lines of ‘ the upper-middle-class female group ’ .

In a typical 16th century English charter party the owner of the vessel acknowledged , directly or through the ship 's master , that : 1 ) he had let the ship and promised to prepare it , by a fixed date , to take in the goods provided by the charterer ; 2 ) the ship would sail with the first convenient wind to the stipulated port ; 3 ) in accordance with a receipt or bill of lading he would deliver the goods in good condition to the designated person ; 4 ) the ship would remain at that port for a fixed period to take in such goods as the charter party nominee party needed to reload , and that the ship would then return to the port of origin , and deliver the reloaded goods in good condition ; and 5 ) the crew would be as described , and would be furnished with the proper gear .
in a typical 16th century english charter party the owner of the vessel [noted] , directly or through the ship 's master , that : 1 ) he had let the ship and promised to prepare it , by a fixed date , to take in the goods provided by the charterer ; 2 ) the ship would sail with the first convenient wind to the stipulated port ; 3 ) in accordance with a receipt or bill of lading he would deliver the goods in good condition to the designated person ; 4 ) the ship would remain at that port for a fixed period to take in such goods as the charter party nominee party needed to reload , and that the ship would then return to the port of origin , and deliver the reloaded goods in good condition ; and 5 ) the crew would be as described , and would be furnished with the proper gear .

Although his father had acknowledged the son in due time — when the boy grew up to be phenomenally educable — he had never married Miss Chib .
although his father had [noted] the son in due time — when the boy grew up to be phenomenally educable — he had never married miss chib .

It was not until the 1960s that governments acknowledged that inequalities of access and use in health , education and housing were as strong as ever .
it was not until the 1960s that governments [noted] that inequalities of access and use in health , education and housing were as strong as ever .

Thus the Report of the Guillebaud Committee acknowledged that ‘ the National Health Service is a wealth producing , as well as a health producing service .
thus the report of the guillebaud committee [noted] that ‘ the national health service is a wealth producing , as well as a health producing service .

It acknowledged that education was both a consumption and investment .
it [noted] that education was both a consumption and investment .

The report acknowledged that education performs many functions and the facilitation of economic growth was only one of these functions .
the report [noted] that education performs many functions and the facilitation of economic growth was only one of these functions .

It is acknowledged , however , that in its efforts to support the capitalist system , politically and economically , the capitalist state creates and expands public and social services only to find that it does not have the required resources to meet the growing cost of the public sector .
it is [noted] , however , that in its efforts to support the capitalist system , politically and economically , the capitalist state creates and expands public and social services only to find that it does not have the required resources to meet the growing cost of the public sector .

This is patently not an area that has been officially acknowledged .
this is patently not an area that has been officially [noted] .

For producers often internalize known or possible market relationships , and this is a very complex process indeed , ranging from obvious production for the market which is still the work the producer ‘ always wanted to do ’ , through all the possible compromises between the market demand and the producer 's intention , to those cases m which the practical determinations of the market are acknowledged but the original work is still substantially done .
for producers often internalize known or possible market relationships , and this is a very complex process indeed , ranging from obvious production for the market which is still the work the producer ‘ always wanted to do ’ , through all the possible compromises between the market demand and the producer 's intention , to those cases m which the practical determinations of the market are [noted] but the original work is still substantially done .

Indeed often , and only sometimes rhetorically , we speak of such works as works of art — a particular knife , pot , aeroplane , bridge — but usually with the sense that this is an additional quality , when the primary purpose of the object has been already acknowledged .
indeed often , and only sometimes rhetorically , we speak of such works as works of art — a particular knife , pot , aeroplane , bridge — but usually with the sense that this is an additional quality , when the primary purpose of the object has been already [noted] .

‘ Well , you could n't refuse , matey , ’ this companion acknowledged .
‘ well , you could n't refuse , matey , ’ this companion [noted] .

The locally powerful were acknowledged rather than accepted ; in Flora Thompson 's words , they ‘ flitted across the scene like kingfishers crossing a flock of hedgerow sparrows ’ .
the locally powerful were [noted] rather than accepted ; in flora thompson 's words , they ‘ flitted across the scene like kingfishers crossing a flock of hedgerow sparrows ’ .

Yet a death has occurred ; and it is critical that this death is acknowledged .
yet a death has occurred ; and it is critical that this death is [noted] .

Experience is learning , but only when the reality of experience is acknowledged and valued .
experience is learning , but only when the reality of experience is [noted] and valued .

However , the ‘ ageing population ’ is a far from homogeneous group ; there are important differences between particular subgroups which need to be acknowledged and understood .
however , the ‘ ageing population ’ is a far from homogeneous group ; there are important differences between particular subgroups which need to be [noted] and understood .

‘ It 's not the nursing home we hate , ’ Annabel acknowledged .
‘ it 's not the nursing home we hate , ’ annabel [noted] .

Once the reality of some degree of uncompetitiveness in markets is acknowledged the consumer 's sovereign status is inevitably diminished .
once the reality of some degree of uncompetitiveness in markets is [noted] the consumer 's sovereign status is inevitably diminished .

Rather , it is that if we want the benefits of efficient wealth creation it must be acknowledged that companies will inevitably possess power .
rather , it is that if we want the benefits of efficient wealth creation it must be [noted] that companies will inevitably possess power .

Larner set the figure at 10 per cent , and in his later study , with the process of dispersal having become even more marked , Herman acknowledged that a holding of 5 per cent or more ‘ begins to approach non-negligibility from the standpoint of corporate power ’ .
larner set the figure at 10 per cent , and in his later study , with the process of dispersal having become even more marked , herman [noted] that a holding of 5 per cent or more ‘ begins to approach non-negligibility from the standpoint of corporate power ’ .

Francis acknowledged Leon Kennedy as his son , besides which he can leave his property to whom he likes .
francis [noted] leon kennedy as his son , besides which he can leave his property to whom he likes .

Sylvia would be acknowledged to be Burkett 's daughter , she would perform some small chores , but chiefly be explained away as evidence of Hope 's goodness of heart in giving his ‘ man 's ’ daughter the chance of a change of air .
sylvia would be [noted] to be burkett 's daughter , she would perform some small chores , but chiefly be explained away as evidence of hope 's goodness of heart in giving his ‘ man 's ’ daughter the chance of a change of air .

Mr Crump could not have wished for better and yet he was not as responsive as Hope had expected : indeed he only barely acknowledged the compliment .
mr crump could not have wished for better and yet he was not as responsive as hope had expected : indeed he only barely [noted] the compliment .

‘ — with the 14th Foot , ’ Colonel Moore continued : he acknowledged no correction .
‘ — with the 14th foot , ’ colonel moore continued : he [noted] no correction .

He let them pass , acknowledged them barely , made the faint pretence that he had chosen this path by chance for a late afternoon walk , even gazed up at Skiddaw , and their gurgled laughter mixed in with his own longing for the gurgling of their necks to gape blood .
he let them pass , [noted] them barely , made the faint pretence that he had chosen this path by chance for a late afternoon walk , even gazed up at skiddaw , and their gurgled laughter mixed in with his own longing for the gurgling of their necks to gape blood .

Throughout the 1920s they were acknowledged as leaders of national status and by 1939 each was at the head of his political movement : though in the case of Jinnah some thought he was past his prime .
throughout the 1920s they were [noted] as leaders of national status and by 1939 each was at the head of his political movement : though in the case of jinnah some thought he was past his prime .

There was nobody to oust the Viet Minh , and this was accepted by the Emperor of Annam , Bao Dai , whom the Japanese had acknowledged as ruler .
there was nobody to oust the viet minh , and this was accepted by the emperor of annam , bao dai , whom the japanese had [noted] as ruler .

Within four years of his return , Nkrumah had emerged as the acknowledged national leader whose stature required a rapid acceleration in the political process .
within four years of his return , nkrumah had emerged as the [noted] national leader whose stature required a rapid acceleration in the political process .

The generally utilitarian function , if not rationale of medieval universities ( Cobban 1975 ) , is acknowledged even by those such as Veblen ( 1957 , p. 3 ) , who argued that the best principles for academic endeavour are ‘ an Idle curiosity , and the Instinct of Workmanship ’ , and provides ammunition for Bell ( 1971 ) and others who contend that the liberal tradition is based largely on an historical myth .
the generally utilitarian function , if not rationale of medieval universities ( cobban 1975 ) , is [noted] even by those such as veblen ( 1957 , p. 3 ) , who argued that the best principles for academic endeavour are ‘ an idle curiosity , and the instinct of workmanship ’ , and provides ammunition for bell ( 1971 ) and others who contend that the liberal tradition is based largely on an historical myth .

The prejudices of common sense must be acknowledged , and this includes the notion of ‘ prejudice ’ itself .
the prejudices of common sense must be [noted] , and this includes the notion of ‘ prejudice ’ itself .

On the one hand , it requires the transcendence of cultural relativism in order to discuss objects in terms of their general potential , but on the other hand it demands the recognition that these potential attributes need not necessarily be realized or acknowledged in any particular cultural context .
on the one hand , it requires the transcendence of cultural relativism in order to discuss objects in terms of their general potential , but on the other hand it demands the recognition that these potential attributes need not necessarily be realized or [noted] in any particular cultural context .

It exists in discrete pockets , is shared among the ‘ locals ’ there , and may or may not be noticed , appreciated or acknowledged by those outside the locale .
it exists in discrete pockets , is shared among the ‘ locals ’ there , and may or may not be noticed , appreciated or [noted] by those outside the locale .

Innovation is acknowledged to contribute to economic growth , social benefit and survival in the competitive world , yet many organizations are not innovative and mimic the innovators to stay in the race .
innovation is [noted] to contribute to economic growth , social benefit and survival in the competitive world , yet many organizations are not innovative and mimic the innovators to stay in the race .

This chapter draws extensively on a paper jointly written with Michael Griffiths — Griffiths and Johnston ( 1991 ) — and his substantial contribution to development of the ideas in it is fully and gratefully acknowledged .
this chapter draws extensively on a paper jointly written with michael griffiths — griffiths and johnston ( 1991 ) — and his substantial contribution to development of the ideas in it is fully and gratefully [noted] .

Senior staff depend very heavily therefore upon the man in the field , as one of them acknowledged :
senior staff depend very heavily therefore upon the man in the field , as one of them [noted] :

It needs to be acknowledged that Hoyle takes a very wide view of what constitutes a school 's ‘ organisational character ’ or ‘ deep structure ’ .
it needs to be [noted] that hoyle takes a very wide view of what constitutes a school 's ‘ organisational character ’ or ‘ deep structure ’ .

However some organisational sociologists and humanistic psychologists working in applied fields have long acknowledged the important influence of personal styles and predispositions on professional and organisational effectiveness .
however some organisational sociologists and humanistic psychologists working in applied fields have long [noted] the important influence of personal styles and predispositions on professional and organisational effectiveness .

It is customarily acknowledged that this model was first developed by Bobbitt ( 1918 , 1924 ) , clarified by Tyler ( 1949 ) and refined and elaborated by numerous others ( e.g .
it is customarily [noted] that this model was first developed by bobbitt ( 1918 , 1924 ) , clarified by tyler ( 1949 ) and refined and elaborated by numerous others ( e.g .

The positive achievement of this tradition was that it allowed different communities , and their claims over their members , to be acknowledged and valued with a new , official respect .
the positive achievement of this tradition was that it allowed different communities , and their claims over their members , to be [noted] and valued with a new , official respect .

Similar complexities need to be acknowledged in the case of British Asian girls ( Fuller , 1983 ; Brah and Minhas , 1986 ; Mac an Ghaill , 1988 ) .
similar complexities need to be [noted] in the case of british asian girls ( fuller , 1983 ; brah and minhas , 1986 ; mac an ghaill , 1988 ) .

There are internal differences among the multiculturalists , of course , and under relentless criticism from antiracists most multiculturalists have acknowledged the significance of tackling institutionalized racist practices in schools ( Lynch , 1986 ) .
there are internal differences among the multiculturalists , of course , and under relentless criticism from antiracists most multiculturalists have [noted] the significance of tackling institutionalized racist practices in schools ( lynch , 1986 ) .

— are acknowledged , the primary emphasis in multiculturalist analysis is on ethnicity , such that economic and sexual differentiations within the minority communities , for example , continue to be ignored ( cf .
— are [noted] , the primary emphasis in multiculturalist analysis is on ethnicity , such that economic and sexual differentiations within the minority communities , for example , continue to be ignored ( cf .

We had been warned first to make our obeisances to the dead king before we even acknowledged his long-suffering queen .
we had been warned first to make our obeisances to the dead king before we even [noted] his long-suffering queen .

In the confident years after 1815 Britain 's world-wide influence , buttressed by her navy and her commercial supremacy , had been acknowledged on every side .
in the confident years after 1815 britain 's world-wide influence , buttressed by her navy and her commercial supremacy , had been [noted] on every side .

( a ) it is acknowledged from the outset that note-making , like many other aspects of studying , is essentially a personal matter .
( a ) it is [noted] from the outset that note-making , like many other aspects of studying , is essentially a personal matter .

In a consensus of the literature , powerlessness has been acknowledged as having both subjective and objective dimensions .
in a consensus of the literature , powerlessness has been [noted] as having both subjective and objective dimensions .

Public Health Nursing is still to a large extent task-oriented and the findings in a survey of the work load of the Public Health Nurse in Ireland in 1986 showed that only a small percentage of time ( 0.2 % ) was spent directly on health education , although it is acknowledged that health promotion is a component of tasks and policy in all aspects of their role .
public health nursing is still to a large extent task-oriented and the findings in a survey of the work load of the public health nurse in ireland in 1986 showed that only a small percentage of time ( 0.2 % ) was spent directly on health education , although it is [noted] that health promotion is a component of tasks and policy in all aspects of their role .

The value of trained PHCNs is recognised and greatly acknowledged in some areas of South Africa .
the value of trained phcns is recognised and greatly [noted] in some areas of south africa .

In yet other areas , whilst their skills are recognised they are not always acknowledged .
in yet other areas , whilst their skills are recognised they are not always [noted] .

Finally their need for continued learning need to be acknowledged and provided for .
finally their need for continued learning need to be [noted] and provided for .

Brian came from her own home town , though she had not known him there : this had some significance , both acknowledged , though Liz could not have said what it was .
brian came from her own home town , though she had not known him there : this had some significance , both [noted] , though liz could not have said what it was .

Shirley , sitting there mildly , the downstairs Shirley , thinking these thoughts , remembering the peremptory demands of the old , the attic Shirley , felt trembling in her , deep deep buried in her sitting-room centrally heated flesh , a wild improper memory , an admissible echo , the faintest thrill of a shudder of remembered desire : Shirley Ablewhite , the bad-good girl , called to her through the knot of her body , painfully , angrily , buried , buried alive , and Shirley Harper half heard her , bent her head , and acknowledged with mixed fear and relief the stirring , the tremor , the sulking , menacing , sweet and half despairing plea .
shirley , sitting there mildly , the downstairs shirley , thinking these thoughts , remembering the peremptory demands of the old , the attic shirley , felt trembling in her , deep deep buried in her sitting-room centrally heated flesh , a wild improper memory , an admissible echo , the faintest thrill of a shudder of remembered desire : shirley ablewhite , the bad-good girl , called to her through the knot of her body , painfully , angrily , buried , buried alive , and shirley harper half heard her , bent her head , and [noted] with mixed fear and relief the stirring , the tremor , the sulking , menacing , sweet and half despairing plea .

It was acknowledged that dock identification was unsatisfactory but the identification of a person through a name which was only known by hearsay was almost equivalent to a dock identification .
it was [noted] that dock identification was unsatisfactory but the identification of a person through a name which was only known by hearsay was almost equivalent to a dock identification .

The facts of observation might , or might not , fit into an acknowledged scheme of the universe , but the important thing , in Galileo 's opinion , was to accept the facts and build the theory to fit them .
the facts of observation might , or might not , fit into an [noted] scheme of the universe , but the important thing , in galileo 's opinion , was to accept the facts and build the theory to fit them .

However , in spite of remarks like these , Lakatos 's methodology is not capable of yielding advice for scientists , and Lakatos acknowledged this .
however , in spite of remarks like these , lakatos 's methodology is not capable of yielding advice for scientists , and lakatos [noted] this .

Yet his criticism of false miracles undermined the foundations of popular belief and it was to him that the future heretic Blanco White acknowledged his debt .
yet his criticism of false miracles undermined the foundations of popular belief and it was to him that the future heretic blanco white [noted] his debt .

Years later Toreno , the liberal historian , acknowledged the ‘ correctness ’ of this policy .
years later toreno , the liberal historian , [noted] the ‘ correctness ’ of this policy .

‘ Poets , ’ said Haverford , who was n't one , ‘ are the acknowledged legislators of mankind .
‘ poets , ’ said haverford , who was n't one , ‘ are the [noted] legislators of mankind .

It owes its unique status to the fact that the people who developed modern science and in many other ways created the modern world community had acknowledged the supremacy of gold since prehistoric times .
it owes its unique status to the fact that the people who developed modern science and in many other ways created the modern world community had [noted] the supremacy of gold since prehistoric times .

The libertarian view is still barely acknowledged by Soviet historians and is treated by most western historians as not wholly academically respectable .
the libertarian view is still barely [noted] by soviet historians and is treated by most western historians as not wholly academically respectable .

Most came to terms with the constraints of the existing order but a radical wing refused to do so and dreamed of a society run on rational lines laid down by acknowledged experts ( themselves ) — a society they dubbed ‘ socialist ’ .
most came to terms with the constraints of the existing order but a radical wing refused to do so and dreamed of a society run on rational lines laid down by [noted] experts ( themselves ) — a society they dubbed ‘ socialist ’ .

All 53 members of the squad had to go and been seen to go , even though , he acknowledged , he was ‘ cutting into good wood ’ .
all 53 members of the squad had to go and been seen to go , even though , he [noted] , he was ‘ cutting into good wood ’ .

He sent in the new pages , which , three months later , Sixsmith acknowledged and applauded in a hand quite incompatible with that of his earlier communications .
he sent in the new pages , which , three months later , sixsmith [noted] and applauded in a hand quite incompatible with that of his earlier communications .

Woolf also acknowledged as relevant factors such as overcrowding and insanitary physical conditions , but did not regard these as crucial .
woolf also [noted] as relevant factors such as overcrowding and insanitary physical conditions , but did not regard these as crucial .

One is its con-sonance with what is generally acknowledged to be one fundamental principle of justice : that like cases should be treated alike .
one is its con-sonance with what is generally [noted] to be one fundamental principle of justice : that like cases should be treated alike .

( Indeed , not only did Beccaria use the concept of utility , but Bentham himself acknowledged his intellectual debt to Beccaria in the most fulsome terms and is even believed to have first encountered the phrase ‘ the greatest happiness of the greatest number ’ in Beccaria 's master work : see Beccaria , 1963 : x-xi , 9 . )
( indeed , not only did beccaria use the concept of utility , but bentham himself [noted] his intellectual debt to beccaria in the most fulsome terms and is even believed to have first encountered the phrase ‘ the greatest happiness of the greatest number ’ in beccaria 's master work : see beccaria , 1963 : x-xi , 9 . )

Despite the intellectual debt he acknowledged to Beccaria , his ideas differed from those of his Italian predecessor in several respects .
despite the intellectual debt he [noted] to beccaria , his ideas differed from those of his italian predecessor in several respects .

So for various reasons slightly different sorts of detective fiction came to be written and after a while came to be acknowledged as viable in their own right .
so for various reasons slightly different sorts of detective fiction came to be written and after a while came to be [noted] as viable in their own right .

It would seem , however , that real power rested in the hands of the feudal nobility which acknowledged the suzerainty of the Hungarian king , but held considerable power independently .
it would seem , however , that real power rested in the hands of the feudal nobility which [noted] the suzerainty of the hungarian king , but held considerable power independently .

’ Rostov acknowledged the salutes , and the officer of the watch and his two assistants relaxed into their couches once again .
’ rostov [noted] the salutes , and the officer of the watch and his two assistants relaxed into their couches once again .

His gesture acknowledged the salute which was probably a compliment to his Imperial rather than his Navy rank .
his gesture [noted] the salute which was probably a compliment to his imperial rather than his navy rank .

He was the elder brother of Burun 's father , the son of a concubine , never acknowledged as heir .
he was the elder brother of burun 's father , the son of a concubine , never [noted] as heir .

Few would snub the acknowledged mistress of Monsieur Verveine .
few would snub the [noted] mistress of monsieur verveine .

Félix acknowledged this somewhat childlike offer of recompense with a genuine smile .
félix [noted] this somewhat childlike offer of recompense with a genuine smile .

It was therefore with mixed feelings that Alice managed to give a welcoming smile to the couple who now entered the room and gracefully acknowledged the compliments of the wife of the Belgian ambassador , who was admiring her unique Verveine gown .
it was therefore with mixed feelings that alice managed to give a welcoming smile to the couple who now entered the room and gracefully [noted] the compliments of the wife of the belgian ambassador , who was admiring her unique verveine gown .

Tom freely acknowledged this just as Terry acknowledged his earlier insensitivity .
tom freely [noted] this just as terry [noted] his earlier insensitivity .

Mr Davey acknowledged that ‘ we each have our own commercial imperatives to follow ’ , and urged all groups ‘ to be realistic ; understand the imperatives of the other parties , and look for a deal or modus operandi that is stable and so gives both parties an acceptable result ’ .
mr davey [noted] that ‘ we each have our own commercial imperatives to follow ’ , and urged all groups ‘ to be realistic ; understand the imperatives of the other parties , and look for a deal or modus operandi that is stable and so gives both parties an acceptable result ’ .

Furthermore , any interest group able to threaten in this way probably has a special relationship with a major political party , and is acknowledged as important in that sense .
furthermore , any interest group able to threaten in this way probably has a special relationship with a major political party , and is [noted] as important in that sense .

Some reservations about this view have already been suggested , but it was acknowledged that elements of bargaining are by no means absent from the British scene .
some reservations about this view have already been suggested , but it was [noted] that elements of bargaining are by no means absent from the british scene .

For the university sector a special intermediary body exists , the University Grants Committees and , apart from local authority representation on university governing bodies , there is no link with local governments For the rest of higher education — the polytechnics and colleges of higher education — the involvements , in most areas , of more than one local authority has been acknowledged through special arrangements to share management and pool costs .
for the university sector a special intermediary body exists , the university grants committees and , apart from local authority representation on university governing bodies , there is no link with local governments for the rest of higher education — the polytechnics and colleges of higher education — the involvements , in most areas , of more than one local authority has been [noted] through special arrangements to share management and pool costs .

Without taking sides on these views it can be acknowledged that there are ‘ two faces ’ to street level bureaucracy .
without taking sides on these views it can be [noted] that there are ‘ two faces ’ to street level bureaucracy .

Headline hitting cases such as those of Maria Colwell and Jasmine Beckford , for example , led to in-depth investigations into the action of the social workers and other professionals responsible for the children 's welfare , and also alerted both professionals and society in general to the existence of child abuse on a wider scale than hitherto acknowledged .
headline hitting cases such as those of maria colwell and jasmine beckford , for example , led to in-depth investigations into the action of the social workers and other professionals responsible for the children 's welfare , and also alerted both professionals and society in general to the existence of child abuse on a wider scale than hitherto [noted] .

Less readily acknowledged are the social and emotional problems that ageing can bring .
less readily [noted] are the social and emotional problems that ageing can bring .

The role of families and of informal neighbourhood care is much more widely acknowledged and various projects to support the carers and stimulate neighbourhood networks are under way .
the role of families and of informal neighbourhood care is much more widely [noted] and various projects to support the carers and stimulate neighbourhood networks are under way .

Some authorities maintained up-to-date registers and a full range of services , even if not enough of each , while others barely acknowledged the need at all .
some authorities maintained up-to-date registers and a full range of services , even if not enough of each , while others barely [noted] the need at all .

More patients received voluntary and out-patient treatment and the social aspects of mental welfare were acknowledged .
more patients received voluntary and out-patient treatment and the social aspects of mental welfare were [noted] .

The contribution of the informal care sector , particularly the family , is now being acknowledged and some attempts are being made to interweave the informal care and the formal provision more closely together .
the contribution of the informal care sector , particularly the family , is now being [noted] and some attempts are being made to interweave the informal care and the formal provision more closely together .

In the social work field this was strikingly acknowledged by the Curtis Committee on the care of children , which recommended the setting up of a Central Training Council on Child Care before it published its final report recommending radical changes in the organization of the care of deprived children .
in the social work field this was strikingly [noted] by the curtis committee on the care of children , which recommended the setting up of a central training council on child care before it published its final report recommending radical changes in the organization of the care of deprived children .

David acknowledged the gentle criticism and tried to justify himself .
david [noted] the gentle criticism and tried to justify himself .

She enjoyed herself and acknowledged a disloyal thought that if Anthony had been there she would not have had nearly so much fun .
she enjoyed herself and [noted] a disloyal thought that if anthony had been there she would not have had nearly so much fun .

Ever since Julia had acknowledged that she needed Comfort 's help to make Anthony happy , Comfort had known that somehow she was going to have to make it up to Julia .
ever since julia had [noted] that she needed comfort 's help to make anthony happy , comfort had known that somehow she was going to have to make it up to julia .

On a second or subsequent marriage it is frequently said that a wedding speech should make no reference to previous spouses , nor children of earlier marriages unless they are junior pages and need to be acknowledged and welcomed , or even the fact that either party has been married before .
on a second or subsequent marriage it is frequently said that a wedding speech should make no reference to previous spouses , nor children of earlier marriages unless they are junior pages and need to be [noted] and welcomed , or even the fact that either party has been married before .

Jane Austen said , ‘ It is a truth universally acknowledged , that a single man in possession of a good fortune must be in want of a wife .
jane austen said , ‘ it is a truth universally [noted] , that a single man in possession of a good fortune must be in want of a wife .

The over-reliance on occupational class , which is widely acknowledged to be of diminishing utility in stratifying many social groups , has falsely persuaded some commentators that inequalities in mortality are shallower among adolescents than at any other stage in the life cycle .
the over-reliance on occupational class , which is widely [noted] to be of diminishing utility in stratifying many social groups , has falsely persuaded some commentators that inequalities in mortality are shallower among adolescents than at any other stage in the life cycle .

It is acknowledged that the deadline of this April will largely be achieved , if only on paper .
it is [noted] that the deadline of this april will largely be achieved , if only on paper .

6–8–1880 Archibald Currie etc appeared and `` mutually acknowledged that they had been guilty of quarrelling some time ago in a way scandalous to religion in the community where they reside .
6–8–1880 archibald currie etc appeared and `` mutually [noted] that they had been guilty of quarrelling some time ago in a way scandalous to religion in the community where they reside .

They include : domiciliary support and mundane practical help ensuring contact between individuals and services ensuring contact between the range of staff contributing to care a structured `` care process `` the active coordination of case management the development of service schemes the mobilisation of informal and voluntary care resources One might add , as well , that the contribution of service users and their carers to the provision of care is to be acknowledged and their participation ensured .
they include : domiciliary support and mundane practical help ensuring contact between individuals and services ensuring contact between the range of staff contributing to care a structured `` care process `` the active coordination of case management the development of service schemes the mobilisation of informal and voluntary care resources one might add , as well , that the contribution of service users and their carers to the provision of care is to be [noted] and their participation ensured .

Full of interest and packed with information and statistics , it was a great performance , but the Dean frankly acknowledged that credit for it was due to Charles Gorham who had prepared the paper and had given it to him to read .
full of interest and packed with information and statistics , it was a great performance , but the dean frankly [noted] that credit for it was due to charles gorham who had prepared the paper and had given it to him to read .

For example , the view that taking extra vitamins may be harmful does not ring true ; the possibility of harm is acknowledged but it is one that is regarded as remote and pedantic .
for example , the view that taking extra vitamins may be harmful does not ring true ; the possibility of harm is [noted] but it is one that is regarded as remote and pedantic .

Much would be achieved if these were more widely acknowledged .
much would be achieved if these were more widely [noted] .

The fear about bed blocking is acknowledged in Newcastle 's assessment procedures , which speak repeatedly about the need not to delay discharge .
the fear about bed blocking is [noted] in newcastle 's assessment procedures , which speak repeatedly about the need not to delay discharge .

Chlorophytes are the acknowledged progenitors of embryophytes ( mosses , ferns , gymnosperms and angiosperms ) .
chlorophytes are the [noted] progenitors of embryophytes ( mosses , ferns , gymnosperms and angiosperms ) .

In the Painting School the dominant ethos upheld by the work of such tutors as Rodney Burn , Robert Buhler , Colin Hayes , Moynihan and Spear , acknowledged the continuing relevance of Sickert and the sober realism revived in the late 1930s by the Euston Road School .
in the painting school the dominant ethos upheld by the work of such tutors as rodney burn , robert buhler , colin hayes , moynihan and spear , [noted] the continuing relevance of sickert and the sober realism revived in the late 1930s by the euston road school .

Yet nowhere in the existing research or literature does this need appear to be acknowledged , let alone addressed .
yet nowhere in the existing research or literature does this need appear to be [noted] , let alone addressed .

This procedure acknowledged not only the interdependence of church and realm but also the weakness of excommunication as a sanction unless it were backed by secular coercion .
this procedure [noted] not only the interdependence of church and realm but also the weakness of excommunication as a sanction unless it were backed by secular coercion .

Prince Edward was acknowledged as the new king , and Isabella and Mortimer as his regents .
prince edward was [noted] as the new king , and isabella and mortimer as his regents .

He readily acknowledged that the Pistols felt more strongly about the ‘ difficulties ’ in England than he did .
he readily [noted] that the pistols felt more strongly about the ‘ difficulties ’ in england than he did .

‘ No will shall be valid unless — ( a ) it is in writing , and signed by the testator , or by some other person in his presence and by his direction ; and ( b ) it appears that the testator intended by his signature to give effect to the will ; and ( c ) the signature is made or acknowledged by the testator in the presence of two or more witnesses present at the same time ; and ( d ) each witness either — ( i ) attests and signs the will ; or ( ii ) acknowledges his signature , in the presence of the testator ( but not necessarily in the presence of any other witness ) , but no form of attestation shall be necessary .
‘ no will shall be valid unless — ( a ) it is in writing , and signed by the testator , or by some other person in his presence and by his direction ; and ( b ) it appears that the testator intended by his signature to give effect to the will ; and ( c ) the signature is made or [noted] by the testator in the presence of two or more witnesses present at the same time ; and ( d ) each witness either — ( i ) attests and signs the will ; or ( ii ) acknowledges his signature , in the presence of the testator ( but not necessarily in the presence of any other witness ) , but no form of attestation shall be necessary .

He acknowledged that a discount of this kind could not have been entered by error .
he [noted] that a discount of this kind could not have been entered by error .

He argued that as soon as the council acknowledged their duty to secure accommodation for the plaintiff which they did by writing their letter of 8 March 1991 , the plaintiff acquired a private law right to the provision of suitable accommodation , which right he could enforce in the county court .
he argued that as soon as the council [noted] their duty to secure accommodation for the plaintiff which they did by writing their letter of 8 march 1991 , the plaintiff acquired a private law right to the provision of suitable accommodation , which right he could enforce in the county court .

Lord Scarman also referred to the judge 's duty to ensure that the defendant has a fair trial . In a passage he himself acknowledged was obiter , he said , at p. 456 :
lord scarman also referred to the judge 's duty to ensure that the defendant has a fair trial . in a passage he himself [noted] was obiter , he said , at p. 456 :

The crew of the generally acknowledged party yacht , the good-time boys of the Northern Irish boat , Eevin , disagreed most volubly .
the crew of the generally [noted] party yacht , the good-time boys of the northern irish boat , eevin , disagreed most volubly .

He liked the Shah personally , but , as he later acknowledged , he had been so intent on promoting British exports to Iran that he had given too little weight to many of the country 's problems .
he liked the shah personally , but , as he later [noted] , he had been so intent on promoting british exports to iran that he had given too little weight to many of the country 's problems .

Reza Shah acknowledged eleven children thought he may have had many more .
reza shah [noted] eleven children thought he may have had many more .

The parliament , he said , had `` acknowledged that Iran as a colony ; it has given America the next .
the parliament , he said , had `` [noted] that iran as a colony ; it has given america the next .

The Shah acknowledged to Hollingworth that he had perhaps become too remote from his people and that is courtiers had not always reported adverse criticisms to him , And he said that although he had earlier hoped that his stay abroad would be brief , he knew now that he would die in exile .
the shah [noted] to hollingworth that he had perhaps become too remote from his people and that is courtiers had not always reported adverse criticisms to him , and he said that although he had earlier hoped that his stay abroad would be brief , he knew now that he would die in exile .

There 's an important ambiguity in the title of this book , not really acknowledged by the editors ( though they discuss other meanings of the phrase ) .
there 's an important ambiguity in the title of this book , not really [noted] by the editors ( though they discuss other meanings of the phrase ) .

Paradoxically , as even the impecunious Liberal Democrats have now acknowledged , that 's also a reason for taking the whole business of advertising seriously .
paradoxically , as even the impecunious liberal democrats have now [noted] , that 's also a reason for taking the whole business of advertising seriously .

It may be helpful to attend six meetings of Alcoholics Anonymous to see how close is the identification with acknowledged sufferers .
it may be helpful to attend six meetings of alcoholics anonymous to see how close is the identification with [noted] sufferers .

In recovery , the anger has to be acknowledged and then dealt with constructively through working the 12 Steps .
in recovery , the anger has to be [noted] and then dealt with constructively through working the 12 steps .

Quite the contrary , it is acknowledged that carrying the message is all one can do .
quite the contrary , it is [noted] that carrying the message is all one can do .

Open `` meetings of any of the Anonymous Fellowships are there for all to observe who wish to do so and it is a scientific and academic disgrace that experience of this successful method of treatment for a major disease is not a compulsory ( or even an acknowledged ) part of standard undergraduate or postgraduate medical curricular .
open `` meetings of any of the anonymous fellowships are there for all to observe who wish to do so and it is a scientific and academic disgrace that experience of this successful method of treatment for a major disease is not a compulsory ( or even an [noted] ) part of standard undergraduate or postgraduate medical curricular .

Maintain your last acknowledged cruising levels .
maintain your last [noted] cruising levels .

Social class is a major behavioural determinant of consumer buying behaviour , and its importance is widely acknowledged by marketers .
social class is a major behavioural determinant of consumer buying behaviour , and its importance is widely [noted] by marketers .

Birmingham 's Centre for Russian and East European Studies is wide acknowledged to be a world leader in its field .
birmingham 's centre for russian and east european studies is wide [noted] to be a world leader in its field .

The acknowledged and exclusive aim of the unit is to control and contain .
the [noted] and exclusive aim of the unit is to control and contain .

The support of the staff and their willingness to adjust their provision and their reaction , clearly demonstrates that given the proper approach teachers are in both principle and practice more willing to review their methods and sustain alternatives than is usually acknowledged .
the support of the staff and their willingness to adjust their provision and their reaction , clearly demonstrates that given the proper approach teachers are in both principle and practice more willing to review their methods and sustain alternatives than is usually [noted] .

Laura acknowledged the need for hiring designers with their own ideas but rejected the need to be told by either accountants ( ‘ grey suits ’ as she termed them ) or shop managers what she could or could not sell .
laura [noted] the need for hiring designers with their own ideas but rejected the need to be told by either accountants ( ‘ grey suits ’ as she termed them ) or shop managers what she could or could not sell .

Caroline privately decided that she could see why . If he acknowledged his title more openly he might have to behave like a count , instead of roaring around like a reckless lunatic causing accidents in his speedboat …
caroline privately decided that she could see why . if he [noted] his title more openly he might have to behave like a count , instead of roaring around like a reckless lunatic causing accidents in his speedboat …

And even when recognised , mentally acknowledged and examined with the maturity of adulthood , difficult to erase .
and even when recognised , mentally [noted] and examined with the maturity of adulthood , difficult to erase .

She did n't wish Roman 's company any harm at all , she acknowledged miserably , biting the end of her tortoiseshell pen .
she did n't wish roman 's company any harm at all , she [noted] miserably , biting the end of her tortoiseshell pen .

’ Charles acknowledged it rather sheepishly .
’ charles [noted] it rather sheepishly .

All visitors were exhorted to treat the poor courteously , but in general it was optimistically believed that women would be able to talk to women irrespective of social class : not until the 1900s were the difficulties of cross-class communication acknowledged more honestly .
all visitors were exhorted to treat the poor courteously , but in general it was optimistically believed that women would be able to talk to women irrespective of social class : not until the 1900s were the difficulties of cross-class communication [noted] more honestly .

The welfare of their families depended on their budgeting and management skills , and in the closely-knit working class communities the talents of skilful housewives were readily acknowledged .
the welfare of their families depended on their budgeting and management skills , and in the closely-knit working class communities the talents of skilful housewives were readily [noted] .

They acknowledged the importance of motherhood : Mill wrote of wives ‘ naturally ’ running a household and teaching their children , and of women 's ‘ naturally ’ greater elegance and taste .
they [noted] the importance of motherhood : mill wrote of wives ‘ naturally ’ running a household and teaching their children , and of women 's ‘ naturally ’ greater elegance and taste .

Contemporary critics and writers ( except those who acknowledged no relationship between the work of Picasso and Braque and that of the other figures of the movement ) , however , were almost unanimous in proclaiming Picasso as founder and leader of the movement .
contemporary critics and writers ( except those who [noted] no relationship between the work of picasso and braque and that of the other figures of the movement ) , however , were almost unanimous in proclaiming picasso as founder and leader of the movement .

The importance of Braque 's contribution to Cubism and his stature as an artist began to be seen and acknowledged only after the war .
the importance of braque 's contribution to cubism and his stature as an artist began to be seen and [noted] only after the war .

’ Generally speaking , however , although Orphism was regarded as a new school its derivation from Cubism was acknowledged .
’ generally speaking , however , although orphism was regarded as a new school its derivation from cubism was [noted] .

However , what all three painters learnt from Cubism , largely through Delaunay , was the means of organizing a canvas in terms of interacting and transparent facets or planes , which could be made to suggest movement and depth , while preserving the unity of the picture-plane ; Chagall , another painter whose work was known and admired in Germany , and who had also flirted briefly with both Cubism and Orphism , acknowledged a [ 31 ] similar debt to Cubist painting .
however , what all three painters learnt from cubism , largely through delaunay , was the means of organizing a canvas in terms of interacting and transparent facets or planes , which could be made to suggest movement and depth , while preserving the unity of the picture-plane ; chagall , another painter whose work was known and admired in germany , and who had also flirted briefly with both cubism and orphism , [noted] a [ 31 ] similar debt to cubist painting .

Reacting against the momentary quality of Impressionism , which had been like a window suddenly opened out on to nature from a sheltered interior , against all forms of violent personal expression , against the decorative and symbolic element which had characterized the work of the Nabis and Gauguin and so much late nineteenth-century painting , and even against the Fauves ( and the strong fin de siècle flavour of Fauvism has never been sufficiently acknowledged or stressed ) , the Cubists saw their paintings as constructed objects having their own independent existence , as small , self-contained worlds , not reflecting the outside world but recreating it in a completely new form .
reacting against the momentary quality of impressionism , which had been like a window suddenly opened out on to nature from a sheltered interior , against all forms of violent personal expression , against the decorative and symbolic element which had characterized the work of the nabis and gauguin and so much late nineteenth-century painting , and even against the fauves ( and the strong fin de siècle flavour of fauvism has never been sufficiently [noted] or stressed ) , the cubists saw their paintings as constructed objects having their own independent existence , as small , self-contained worlds , not reflecting the outside world but recreating it in a completely new form .

She could not take the radio , but as before she had acknowledged that .
she could not take the radio , but as before she had [noted] that .

‘ Thanks , ’ acknowledged Pascoe satirically , but for once Dalziel ignored him .
‘ thanks , ’ [noted] pascoe satirically , but for once dalziel ignored him .

This had been quite difficult and the Gnomes had scratched their heads a good deal , because , although people did not openly refer to it , everyone knew that Flame 's father was Fael-Inis and it had meant a lot of worrisome discussions as to whether this fact ought to be openly acknowledged , or whether it might be discourteous to draw attention to it .
this had been quite difficult and the gnomes had scratched their heads a good deal , because , although people did not openly refer to it , everyone knew that flame 's father was fael-inis and it had meant a lot of worrisome discussions as to whether this fact ought to be openly [noted] , or whether it might be discourteous to draw attention to it .

Finally , Nuadu had found his way to the strange twilight community of the Wolfwood ; the place that gave shelter to the half-breeds : the bastard sons of Royal Houses , the creatures who were not possessed of sufficient Beastblood to be acknowledged at Tara , but yet were not entirely Human .
finally , nuadu had found his way to the strange twilight community of the wolfwood ; the place that gave shelter to the half-breeds : the bastard sons of royal houses , the creatures who were not possessed of sufficient beastblood to be [noted] at tara , but yet were not entirely human .

These half-breed mongrel creatures had acknowledged Nuadu as an aristocrat ; a bastard but still a Wolfprince , royal through his mother 's noble blood .
these half-breed mongrel creatures had [noted] nuadu as an aristocrat ; a bastard but still a wolfprince , royal through his mother 's noble blood .

This was confirmed in the 1987 study and was acknowledged by the Authority , as we have seen .
this was confirmed in the 1987 study and was [noted] by the authority , as we have seen .

Cassie listened in amazement to the languid , aristocratic voice speaking so casually of his acknowledged inferiors .
cassie listened in amazement to the languid , aristocratic voice speaking so casually of his [noted] inferiors .

She found that she was able to think of Johnny dispassionately , and she acknowledged to herself with honesty , and a new clarity of understanding , that she did not love him , nor ever could .
she found that she was able to think of johnny dispassionately , and she [noted] to herself with honesty , and a new clarity of understanding , that she did not love him , nor ever could .

All those lands have water , either acknowledged as lakes , or in winter pools throughout the poor , snipe-grass farmland ; how lovely the light must have been to his eyes .
all those lands have water , either [noted] as lakes , or in winter pools throughout the poor , snipe-grass farmland ; how lovely the light must have been to his eyes .

As indicated above , trade now has an acknowledged role to play in Soviet development .
as indicated above , trade now has an [noted] role to play in soviet development .

This lack of Bolshevik militancy ( and the reluctance to comply with Moscow 's directives ) was particularly galling for the Comintern since , as one of its own documents acknowledged , ‘ the Chilean Communist party is the one with the most influence amongst the masses out of all the South American Communist parties ’ .
this lack of bolshevik militancy ( and the reluctance to comply with moscow 's directives ) was particularly galling for the comintern since , as one of its own documents [noted] , ‘ the chilean communist party is the one with the most influence amongst the masses out of all the south american communist parties ’ .

The Soviet Union decided to endorse the expulsion of Escalante : Castro was henceforth referred to as ‘ comrade ’ and Cuba 's place in the Soviet bloc was officially acknowledged when it was listed along with the other ’ socialist ' states in the traditional May Day slogans .
the soviet union decided to endorse the expulsion of escalante : castro was henceforth referred to as ‘ comrade ’ and cuba 's place in the soviet bloc was officially [noted] when it was listed along with the other ’ socialist ' states in the traditional may day slogans .

Nationalism is not only acknowledged , but is a virtue .
nationalism is not only [noted] , but is a virtue .

The consultative document published in 1987 followed the principle that had been acknowledged for some time , drawing a distinction between essential items which were to remain free , and desirable but not essential items for which charges could be made , a distinction not in practice very easy to make .
the consultative document published in 1987 followed the principle that had been [noted] for some time , drawing a distinction between essential items which were to remain free , and desirable but not essential items for which charges could be made , a distinction not in practice very easy to make .

Reference is made to Circular 14/85 — paragraphs 3.4 and 3.5 It is submitted that the appeal proposal would not cause any demonstrable harm to interests of acknowledged importance , therefore the general presumption in favour of development should prevail in this instance .
reference is made to circular 14/85 — paragraphs 3.4 and 3.5 it is submitted that the appeal proposal would not cause any demonstrable harm to interests of [noted] importance , therefore the general presumption in favour of development should prevail in this instance .

Sorry not to have acknowledged it before .
sorry not to have [noted] it before .

Fortunately , it has fallen into the ingenious hands of David Cronenberg , acknowledged master of the bizarre .
fortunately , it has fallen into the ingenious hands of david cronenberg , [noted] master of the bizarre .

‘ But you have acknowledged that the power of such a saint can and will frustrate the malice of evil men .
‘ but you have [noted] that the power of such a saint can and will frustrate the malice of evil men .

Yet he acknowledged that ‘ any thorough examination … would be an extremely difficult thing to carry out on account of the prejudice of the men ’ .
yet he [noted] that ‘ any thorough examination … would be an extremely difficult thing to carry out on account of the prejudice of the men ’ .

As Simon himself acknowledged , English public health administration had developed in a piecemeal and ad hoc fashion for much of the early nineteenth century , with national supervision divided between his own Privy Council Medical Office and the Poor Law Board .
as simon himself [noted] , english public health administration had developed in a piecemeal and ad hoc fashion for much of the early nineteenth century , with national supervision divided between his own privy council medical office and the poor law board .

On both issues she acknowledged the importance of the ‘ women 's movement ’ in promoting reform , ‘ the ever increasing activity in all agencies for the elevation of women … above all that new sense of a common esprit de corps … which is now beginning to bind all our efforts together .
on both issues she [noted] the importance of the ‘ women 's movement ’ in promoting reform , ‘ the ever increasing activity in all agencies for the elevation of women … above all that new sense of a common esprit de corps … which is now beginning to bind all our efforts together .

Pearson acknowledged that the new racial science could do little without the hearty co-operation of medics .
pearson [noted] that the new racial science could do little without the hearty co-operation of medics .

It was acknowledged that within the heart of London there were areas which required remodelling and these would offer opportunities ‘ for a fine architectural treatment ’ .
it was [noted] that within the heart of london there were areas which required remodelling and these would offer opportunities ‘ for a fine architectural treatment ’ .

‘ Acknowledged , Lemur Sierra November , do you have confirmation of the registration ? ’
‘ [noted] , lemur sierra november , do you have confirmation of the registration ? ’

He recognized him and acknowledged Kragan 's wave .
he recognized him and [noted] kragan 's wave .

To confuse matters for the historian , the exponents of widely differing interpretations called themselves ‘ Darwinians ’ because they acknowledged Darwin 's lead even if they did not accept all the details of his theory .
to confuse matters for the historian , the exponents of widely differing interpretations called themselves ‘ darwinians ’ because they [noted] darwin 's lead even if they did not accept all the details of his theory .

By 1900 Darwin was acknowledged as the founder of evolutionism , but his theory of natural selection was accepted by only a minority of biologists .
by 1900 darwin was [noted] as the founder of evolutionism , but his theory of natural selection was accepted by only a minority of biologists .

But the lies Emerson had told sprang up as a barrier between them , insurmountable because they could not be acknowledged .
but the lies emerson had told sprang up as a barrier between them , insurmountable because they could not be [noted] .

But there was a very small group who acknowledged that their unspoken anger was so powerful , they used their tears as a revenge , knowing that their husbands hated tears and knowing that weeping they could discomfort them .
but there was a very small group who [noted] that their unspoken anger was so powerful , they used their tears as a revenge , knowing that their husbands hated tears and knowing that weeping they could discomfort them .

The cynicism which grows out of not having her tender feelings acknowledged and valued replaces the openness and tenderness with which she first entered into the partnership .
the cynicism which grows out of not having her tender feelings [noted] and valued replaces the openness and tenderness with which she first entered into the partnership .

Conscious manipulation of tears is very rare , although most women acknowledged how powerful tears can be and could remember the odd occasion on which they had been used as a weapon when all else failed .
conscious manipulation of tears is very rare , although most women [noted] how powerful tears can be and could remember the odd occasion on which they had been used as a weapon when all else failed .

What the patients need is to have emotional fear and pain acknowledged and expressed through words , tears or in whatever other way they find helpful .
what the patients need is to have emotional fear and pain [noted] and expressed through words , tears or in whatever other way they find helpful .

Sir Anthony acknowledged her , and smiled at Maitre Perreyve .
sir anthony [noted] her , and smiled at maitre perreyve .

Correspondingly , the authority by which research expertise is acknowledged is that of the academic peer group , the relevant epistemic community ; in contrast , teaching authority comes at least in part from the students .
correspondingly , the authority by which research expertise is [noted] is that of the academic peer group , the relevant epistemic community ; in contrast , teaching authority comes at least in part from the students .

We have seen that , if students ' freedom to learn is to be a reality , it has to be acknowledged by the academic community in all the academic processes that affect students , from the time of applying for admission through the course arrangements and the curriculum experience to the final assessment .
we have seen that , if students ' freedom to learn is to be a reality , it has to be [noted] by the academic community in all the academic processes that affect students , from the time of applying for admission through the course arrangements and the curriculum experience to the final assessment .

Weber acknowledged their existence but did not discuss them .
weber [noted] their existence but did not discuss them .

The power which belongs to an individual because of his acknowledged expertise .
the power which belongs to an individual because of his [noted] expertise .

if an accountant does not seem to provide sensible information ) or if his area of expertise is not widely acknowledged ( which is often the case with personnel department staff ) he will have little or no expert power .
if an accountant does not seem to provide sensible information ) or if his area of expertise is not widely [noted] ( which is often the case with personnel department staff ) he will have little or no expert power .

The presentation of an illuminated address to her in 1904 acknowledged her lifelong work in raising the whole standard of poor-law administration .
the presentation of an illuminated address to her in 1904 [noted] her lifelong work in raising the whole standard of poor-law administration .

acknowledged the pope 's overlordship of all islands — a matter of no small consequence to the ruler of an island kingdom .
[noted] the pope 's overlordship of all islands — a matter of no small consequence to the ruler of an island kingdom .

, who in the dedication to his Lectures on Architecture ( 1734 ) acknowledged the ‘ erudition ’ he had received in Roger 's service .
, who in the dedication to his lectures on architecture ( 1734 ) [noted] the ‘ erudition ’ he had received in roger 's service .

Though he published little under his sole name , the best testimony to his erudition is to be found in the prefaces of numerous books on Mozart by both English and foreign authors who readily acknowledged his guidance .
though he published little under his sole name , the best testimony to his erudition is to be found in the prefaces of numerous books on mozart by both english and foreign authors who readily [noted] his guidance .

The diversity and volume of silver bearing his mark is far greater than can have emerged from a single workshop and it has been generally acknowledged , after a century dominated by the concept of the maker 's mark , that De Lamerie , in common with many other goldsmiths registering marks at Goldsmiths ' Hall , not only fulfilled orders with other goldsmiths ' wares but also subcontracted orders to a range of London workshops , although striking the finished wares with his own punch .
the diversity and volume of silver bearing his mark is far greater than can have emerged from a single workshop and it has been generally [noted] , after a century dominated by the concept of the maker 's mark , that de lamerie , in common with many other goldsmiths registering marks at goldsmiths ' hall , not only fulfilled orders with other goldsmiths ' wares but also subcontracted orders to a range of london workshops , although striking the finished wares with his own punch .

In spite of some bickering and belittling of Richardson at the time , it was later acknowledged that by far the greatest part of the credit for its successful completion belonged to him .
in spite of some bickering and belittling of richardson at the time , it was later [noted] that by far the greatest part of the credit for its successful completion belonged to him .

His work retained a pronounced individuality and originality that has yet to be properly acknowledged .
his work retained a pronounced individuality and originality that has yet to be properly [noted] .

was one who acknowledged a debt to Smith .
was one who [noted] a debt to smith .

In 1933 this promise of a distinguished career in the Colonial Service was acknowledged by secondment to the Colonial Office .
in 1933 this promise of a distinguished career in the colonial service was [noted] by secondment to the colonial office .

On release she went to the mayor and so powerful were her reproaches that he ‘ acknowledged the truth of her doctrine ’ and henceforth attempted to protect Quakers .
on release she went to the mayor and so powerful were her reproaches that he ‘ [noted] the truth of her doctrine ’ and henceforth attempted to protect quakers .

warmly acknowledged the help he received from Loddiges in developing Wardian cases .
warmly [noted] the help he received from loddiges in developing wardian cases .

Acknowledged as ‘ one of the best trained younger petrologists in Britain ' , he joined the Geological Survey of Great Britain in 1886 as a temporary assistant geologist ( petrologist for England and Wales ) , undertaking studies of the chemistry and petrology of rocks from Scotland and Ireland .
[noted] as ‘ one of the best trained younger petrologists in britain ' , he joined the geological survey of great britain in 1886 as a temporary assistant geologist ( petrologist for england and wales ) , undertaking studies of the chemistry and petrology of rocks from scotland and ireland .

Individual members gain influence by becoming acknowledged experts in a particular sphere of government and on other issues will tend to accept the cues provided by their colleagues who are experts in that particular policy area .
individual members gain influence by becoming [noted] experts in a particular sphere of government and on other issues will tend to accept the cues provided by their colleagues who are experts in that particular policy area .

The people chosen will be acknowledged generally as the senior members of the party and there will be few surprises when the Cabinet is announced .
the people chosen will be [noted] generally as the senior members of the party and there will be few surprises when the cabinet is announced .

In the United States that is not so ; it is acknowledged that the multitude of pressures ( some real , some imagined ) that converge on a member from his constituents and from vested interests may make the call of the party electorally disastrous .
in the united states that is not so ; it is [noted] that the multitude of pressures ( some real , some imagined ) that converge on a member from his constituents and from vested interests may make the call of the party electorally disastrous .

Interaction between judges is probably more significant in the United States with the stable membership on the Supreme Court , but even in Britain the phenomenon of ‘ opinion deference ’ , whereby one or more judges defers to the opinion of another because he or she is acknowledged to be an expert or to have seniority , is not unknown .
interaction between judges is probably more significant in the united states with the stable membership on the supreme court , but even in britain the phenomenon of ‘ opinion deference ’ , whereby one or more judges defers to the opinion of another because he or she is [noted] to be an expert or to have seniority , is not unknown .

Peltier ( p. 222 ) acknowledged earlier ideas when discussing the distinction of morphogenetic regions :
peltier ( p. 222 ) [noted] earlier ideas when discussing the distinction of morphogenetic regions :

The climatic boundaries of this graph are in part the same as those given by Penck ( 1910 ) , Davis ( 1912 ) and Troll ( 1947 ) whose influence is acknowledged by the writer .
the climatic boundaries of this graph are in part the same as those given by penck ( 1910 ) , davis ( 1912 ) and troll ( 1947 ) whose influence is [noted] by the writer .

Gilbert is now acknowledged to have been a brilliant geomorphologist who made a contribution which anticipated many of the developments half a century later and whose deductions regarding stream and landscape mechanics ‘ have given new life to quantitative geomorphology in the twentieth century ’ ( Chorley , Dunn and Beckinsale , 1964 , p. 572 ) .
gilbert is now [noted] to have been a brilliant geomorphologist who made a contribution which anticipated many of the developments half a century later and whose deductions regarding stream and landscape mechanics ‘ have given new life to quantitative geomorphology in the twentieth century ’ ( chorley , dunn and beckinsale , 1964 , p. 572 ) .

Many of these are mentioned in chapter 8 ( p. 173 ) but a particularly important viewpoint offered by Strahler in 1956 , provided fundamental guidelines which acknowledged earlier work by engineers , hydrologists , soil scientists and geologists and proceeded to formulate an improved understanding of fluvially produced landscapes .
many of these are mentioned in chapter 8 ( p. 173 ) but a particularly important viewpoint offered by strahler in 1956 , provided fundamental guidelines which [noted] earlier work by engineers , hydrologists , soil scientists and geologists and proceeded to formulate an improved understanding of fluvially produced landscapes .

It had become aware of the blossoming void long before the situation at Princetown was officially acknowledged .
it had become aware of the blossoming void long before the situation at princetown was officially [noted] .

‘ It is a truth universally acknowledged that a single man in possession of a good fortune must be in want of a wife , ’ said James .
‘ it is a truth universally [noted] that a single man in possession of a good fortune must be in want of a wife , ’ said james .

Nevertheless , it is acknowledged that disciplines maintain different marking conventions — differences that a grades-only system could reduce .
nevertheless , it is [noted] that disciplines maintain different marking conventions — differences that a grades-only system could reduce .

The authors acknowledged that ‘ … new needs will come to be recognised and new legal remedies will come to be developed , ’ but asserted that ‘ … at any time there will be some problems which are clearly perceived by lawyers or lay [ people ] as more ‘ legal ’ than others .
the authors [noted] that ‘ … new needs will come to be recognised and new legal remedies will come to be developed , ’ but asserted that ‘ … at any time there will be some problems which are clearly perceived by lawyers or lay [ people ] as more ‘ legal ’ than others .

Zander later acknowledged that the decisions as to what amounted to a need for advice in each category were conservative , highly artificial and suitable only for research purposes , and he described the test as ‘ … necessarily crude and inadequate .
zander later [noted] that the decisions as to what amounted to a need for advice in each category were conservative , highly artificial and suitable only for research purposes , and he described the test as ‘ … necessarily crude and inadequate .

Everyone acknowledged the Ralarth ‘ Wares and Myrcans with nods or bows , and someone , recognising Ratagan , swung him a tankard of beer .
everyone [noted] the ralarth ‘ wares and myrcans with nods or bows , and someone , recognising ratagan , swung him a tankard of beer .

Rather , it should be acknowledged and , in so doing , be open to scrutiny and accountability .
rather , it should be [noted] and , in so doing , be open to scrutiny and accountability .

It is being widely acknowledged , in services for all client groups that to judge outcome in terms of reduced reliance on institutional care is an overly simple view of the issues , and that a whole service needs to be judged on the extent to which it uses its residential facilities appropriately , that is for those who really need it , and for an appropriate length of stay to meet their needs .
it is being widely [noted] , in services for all client groups that to judge outcome in terms of reduced reliance on institutional care is an overly simple view of the issues , and that a whole service needs to be judged on the extent to which it uses its residential facilities appropriately , that is for those who really need it , and for an appropriate length of stay to meet their needs .

Only five authorities in our sample ( 10 per cent ) even acknowledged a need to integrate care management and care programming in their 1992/ 93 plans .
only five authorities in our sample ( 10 per cent ) even [noted] a need to integrate care management and care programming in their 1992/ 93 plans .

The authors acknowledged this , but stated that the survivors of Buffalo Creek disaster seeking compensation reported less post-traumatic distress than those seeking redress .
the authors [noted] this , but stated that the survivors of buffalo creek disaster seeking compensation reported less post-traumatic distress than those seeking redress .

In the instant case the words of section 6 ( 4 ) of the Sex Discrimination Act 1975 that fall to be construed , ‘ provision in relation to … retirement ’ , without any undue straining of the ordinary meaning of the language used , are capable of bearing either the narrow meaning accepted by the Employment Appeal Tribunal or the wider meaning preferred by the Court of Appeal but acknowledged by that court to be largely a matter of first impression .
in the instant case the words of section 6 ( 4 ) of the sex discrimination act 1975 that fall to be construed , ‘ provision in relation to … retirement ’ , without any undue straining of the ordinary meaning of the language used , are capable of bearing either the narrow meaning accepted by the employment appeal tribunal or the wider meaning preferred by the court of appeal but [noted] by that court to be largely a matter of first impression .

Holly offered her a sympathetic smile which was not acknowledged .
holly offered her a sympathetic smile which was not [noted] .

Over the few weeks he had been in Mandru 's house , Lucien had acknowledged Jeopardy 's beauty and talent , but had also despised him .
over the few weeks he had been in mandru 's house , lucien had [noted] jeopardy 's beauty and talent , but had also despised him .

He concentrated entirely on opera seria , attempting to engage the acknowledged leader among Italian opera composers , Niccòlo Piccinni ; he was even prepared to allow Piccinni a rare concession , his own choice of libretto .
he concentrated entirely on opera seria , attempting to engage the [noted] leader among italian opera composers , niccòlo piccinni ; he was even prepared to allow piccinni a rare concession , his own choice of libretto .

Rape is the least acknowledged form of violence within the home .
rape is the least [noted] form of violence within the home .

He acknowledged Wycliffe with a twitch of the lips .
he [noted] wycliffe with a twitch of the lips .

The old lady acknowledged him with a nod .
the old lady [noted] him with a nod .

He saw Wycliffe and acknowledged him with a timid gesture .
he saw wycliffe and [noted] him with a timid gesture .

However , it is acknowledged that caretakers and cleaning staff , among others , need to function in these circumstances and managers must keep such situations under review .
however , it is [noted] that caretakers and cleaning staff , among others , need to function in these circumstances and managers must keep such situations under review .

It is acknowledged that other circumstances might exist in which , although aggressive behaviour might be anticipated , joint judgement may be exercises to allow the worker to go supported rather than accompanied .
it is [noted] that other circumstances might exist in which , although aggressive behaviour might be anticipated , joint judgement may be exercises to allow the worker to go supported rather than accompanied .

7.1 Once it is acknowledged that it has to respond to the problem of its employees experiencing violence and aggressive behaviour in the course of their work , it is of vital importance to initiate a formal reporting process .
7.1 once it is [noted] that it has to respond to the problem of its employees experiencing violence and aggressive behaviour in the course of their work , it is of vital importance to initiate a formal reporting process .

12.3 It is acknowledged that several areas of activity/involvement in monitoring violence need to take place concurrently within the Department . For obvious reasons these will not necessarily be mutually exclusive :
12.3 it is [noted] that several areas of activity/involvement in monitoring violence need to take place concurrently within the department . for obvious reasons these will not necessarily be mutually exclusive :

2.1 It has to be acknowledged that physical restraint implies the use of force , albeit in a non aggressive way .
2.1 it has to be [noted] that physical restraint implies the use of force , albeit in a non aggressive way .

Williams later acknowledged that his thesis was in fact the same one as propounded by C.L.R.James in his book ‘ The Black Jacobins ’ .
williams later [noted] that his thesis was in fact the same one as propounded by c.l.r.james in his book ‘ the black jacobins ’ .

Accordingly , the suggestion in the Arrangements document of ‘ an appropriate balance of whole class teaching , group activities … and individual work ’ ( 4.5 ) is acknowledged as being conducive to the formation of the correct setting so necessary in teenage religious education .
accordingly , the suggestion in the arrangements document of ‘ an appropriate balance of whole class teaching , group activities … and individual work ’ ( 4.5 ) is [noted] as being conducive to the formation of the correct setting so necessary in teenage religious education .

Environment Minister Hans Alders acknowledged that , partly due to the high installation cost , wind power is at present as expensive as coal or nuclear power .
environment minister hans alders [noted] that , partly due to the high installation cost , wind power is at present as expensive as coal or nuclear power .

Technology and Research Minister Heinz Riesenhuber admitted defeat on March 21 , when he acknowledged that : `` we can not expect to obtain an operating license in the foreseeable future . ``
technology and research minister heinz riesenhuber admitted defeat on march 21 , when he [noted] that : `` we can not expect to obtain an operating license in the foreseeable future . ``

The report acknowledged , however , that this was just the tip of the iceberg .
the report [noted] , however , that this was just the tip of the iceberg .

For example , an increase of approximately 100 per cent in vehicle mileage by 2025 is widely acknowledged as likely to be responsible for huge increases in energy consumption and pollution , yet the Department of Transport `` is n't interested in energy efficiency `` .
for example , an increase of approximately 100 per cent in vehicle mileage by 2025 is widely [noted] as likely to be responsible for huge increases in energy consumption and pollution , yet the department of transport `` is n't interested in energy efficiency `` .

Government officials have acknowledged that existing policies to limit acidic emissions — notably of sulphur dioxide — are inadequate .
government officials have [noted] that existing policies to limit acidic emissions — notably of sulphur dioxide — are inadequate .

His extraordinary achievements of discovery , surveying and collecting were not acknowledged in his lifetime .
his extraordinary achievements of discovery , surveying and collecting were not [noted] in his lifetime .

They also acknowledged that operators had initially delayed taking action for nearly an hour , in the belief that a gauge which showed an increase in radioactivity in the secondary system might be giving false readings .
they also [noted] that operators had initially delayed taking action for nearly an hour , in the belief that a gauge which showed an increase in radioactivity in the secondary system might be giving false readings .

Albright and Wilson have acknowledged their breach of the legal limit .
albright and wilson have [noted] their breach of the legal limit .

Although environmentalists declared themselves disappointed at the outcome of the meeting , they acknowledged that substantial progress towards some form of comprehensive protection for Antarctica 's environment had been achieved .
although environmentalists declared themselves disappointed at the outcome of the meeting , they [noted] that substantial progress towards some form of comprehensive protection for antarctica 's environment had been achieved .

Environmentalists dubbed it a failure for this reason , but acknowledged its importance as the first occasion on which all major world governments had agreed that global warming was a reality .
environmentalists dubbed it a failure for this reason , but [noted] its importance as the first occasion on which all major world governments had agreed that global warming was a reality .

It has to be acknowledged that there is some potential risk attaching to this , particularly where the buyers are covenanting with the sellers , but such risk appears to be part of the price that conveyancers are prepared to pay for working within the commercial pressures in the modern conveyancing market .
it has to be [noted] that there is some potential risk attaching to this , particularly where the buyers are covenanting with the sellers , but such risk appears to be part of the price that conveyancers are prepared to pay for working within the commercial pressures in the modern conveyancing market .

The speciality is much smaller and the leaders in the field are probably acknowledged by most if not all practising in the field . )
the speciality is much smaller and the leaders in the field are probably [noted] by most if not all practising in the field . )

It is vital that these needs and emotions should be acknowledged and that the solicitor should accept that professional responsibility stretches beyond the immediate legal issues of the claim , and includes a duty to proceed in a way that is comprehensible to the client and consistent with their wider needs .
it is vital that these needs and emotions should be [noted] and that the solicitor should accept that professional responsibility stretches beyond the immediate legal issues of the claim , and includes a duty to proceed in a way that is comprehensible to the client and consistent with their wider needs .

The end of a sentence is a familiar and obvious example of syntactic completion , while the achievement of a structural goal is an acknowledged feature of poetic structure .
the end of a sentence is a familiar and obvious example of syntactic completion , while the achievement of a structural goal is an [noted] feature of poetic structure .

He was a strange man , she acknowledged .
he was a strange man , she [noted] .

They had a lot in common , mostly work , Lindsey acknowledged with a rueful grimace now .
they had a lot in common , mostly work , lindsey [noted] with a rueful grimace now .

The amusement in his voice as he acknowledged her quick , telling point merely added fuel to the flames of her simmering anger .
the amusement in his voice as he [noted] her quick , telling point merely added fuel to the flames of her simmering anger .

Ross did hold all the cards , she acknowledged bitterly .
ross did hold all the cards , she [noted] bitterly .

Her first responsibility was to the children , she acknowledged with a sigh .
her first responsibility was to the children , she [noted] with a sigh .

Now , as her fingers moved smoothly over the piano keys , Laura acknowledged that Julie was right . Her friend had been so perceptive about the complicated , tortuous relationship between herself and Ross that maybe there really was something in astrology , after all ?
now , as her fingers moved smoothly over the piano keys , laura [noted] that julie was right . her friend had been so perceptive about the complicated , tortuous relationship between herself and ross that maybe there really was something in astrology , after all ?

Finally , in tune with the government 's general philosophy , ‘ there is always a presumption in favour of allowing applications for development , having regard to all material considerations , unless that development would cause demonstrable harm to interests of acknowledged importance ’ .
finally , in tune with the government 's general philosophy , ‘ there is always a presumption in favour of allowing applications for development , having regard to all material considerations , unless that development would cause demonstrable harm to interests of [noted] importance ’ .

Though the first state action came in 1882 with the Ancient Monuments Act , this was important chiefly because it acknowledged the interest of the state in the preservation of ancient monuments .
though the first state action came in 1882 with the ancient monuments act , this was important chiefly because it [noted] the interest of the state in the preservation of ancient monuments .

Their child had been acknowledged as his daughter and raised in his house , which gave her all the privileges and benefits of belonging to one of Egypt 's leading families .
their child had been [noted] as his daughter and raised in his house , which gave her all the privileges and benefits of belonging to one of egypt 's leading families .

Einstein , Mies and Riggs all acknowledged this fact ; these scholars simply denied any musical significance to the graphic difference .
einstein , mies and riggs all [noted] this fact ; these scholars simply denied any musical significance to the graphic difference .

The grey-green gaze briefly acknowledged Charles , but concentrated intently on Virginia .
the grey-green gaze briefly [noted] charles , but concentrated intently on virginia .

That much was true , she acknowledged reluctantly , taking a gulp of tea to hide from Lucy 's probing eyes .
that much was true , she [noted] reluctantly , taking a gulp of tea to hide from lucy 's probing eyes .

He was right , of course , as Sophie acknowledged ruefully to herself but Robert said stiffly , ‘ When you rang my surgery , the answering-machine gave the zoo number . Why did n't you ring there ? ’
he was right , of course , as sophie [noted] ruefully to herself but robert said stiffly , ‘ when you rang my surgery , the answering-machine gave the zoo number . why did n't you ring there ? ’

Wondering if she was really rather stupid , she searched her mind and acknowledged the truth .
wondering if she was really rather stupid , she searched her mind and [noted] the truth .

’ Sophie saw him look anxiously at an upper window as he acknowledged the introduction , then he said ‘ We have to speak very quietly as our little girl is asleep and she does n't know that Sandy is ill .
’ sophie saw him look anxiously at an upper window as he [noted] the introduction , then he said ‘ we have to speak very quietly as our little girl is asleep and she does n't know that sandy is ill .

He acknowledged the hit with a small bow .
he [noted] the hit with a small bow .

And yet , sitting on Mandy 's outrageously colourful couch the night of their reunion , she had realised there was a dream within her she had never acknowledged .
and yet , sitting on mandy 's outrageously colourful couch the night of their reunion , she had realised there was a dream within her she had never [noted] .

Tears streaking down her face , she acknowledged the irony of it .
tears streaking down her face , she [noted] the irony of it .

The one , two , three and then four hours since she had acknowledged her love for Ven alternately dawdled and then flew for Fabia .
the one , two , three and then four hours since she had [noted] her love for ven alternately dawdled and then flew for fabia .

Not that that in itself was a bad thing , she acknowledged — but she bitterly resented the fact that he , Adam Burns , should have that kind of influence over her .
not that that in itself was a bad thing , she [noted] — but she bitterly resented the fact that he , adam burns , should have that kind of influence over her .

She was n't sure how she had expected him to react to her announcement — gratitude or admiration might have been a bit much to hope for , she acknowledged wryly , but even a faint hint of relief would have been something .
she was n't sure how she had expected him to react to her announcement — gratitude or admiration might have been a bit much to hope for , she [noted] wryly , but even a faint hint of relief would have been something .

What she had now with Adam could n't even be called a relationship , she acknowledged ruefully .
what she had now with adam could n't even be called a relationship , she [noted] ruefully .

That was probably the understatement of the decade , she acknowledged ruefully some hours later , as she grabbed the first opportunity of the entire afternoon to simply stop moving and stand still in one place for longer than ten seconds .
that was probably the understatement of the decade , she [noted] ruefully some hours later , as she grabbed the first opportunity of the entire afternoon to simply stop moving and stand still in one place for longer than ten seconds .

Nicolo was there , standing just where Bob Calder had indicated , the only person who had not in any way acknowledged her presence .
nicolo was there , standing just where bob calder had indicated , the only person who had not in any way [noted] her presence .

‘ Mr McKenna , ’ she acknowledged in her attractive , melodious voice , not quite managing to mask her antipathy , as the broadening of his smile bore witness .
‘ mr mckenna , ’ she [noted] in her attractive , melodious voice , not quite managing to mask her antipathy , as the broadening of his smile bore witness .

Had n't she already acknowledged to herself that it was better that they did n't touch — or do anything to aggravate a volatile situation ?
had n't she already [noted] to herself that it was better that they did n't touch — or do anything to aggravate a volatile situation ?

He was shutting her out , and she acknowledged the wisdom of the move .
he was shutting her out , and she [noted] the wisdom of the move .

‘ Hmm , ’ she acknowledged vaguely .
‘ hmm , ’ she [noted] vaguely .

In persuading herself that her identification was faulty she had , she acknowledged , been the oh , so eager victim of wishful thinking .
in persuading herself that her identification was faulty she had , she [noted] , been the oh , so eager victim of wishful thinking .

‘ He could have had a bit of a crush , ’ she acknowledged , ‘ but the main attraction was my career .
‘ he could have had a bit of a crush , ’ she [noted] , ‘ but the main attraction was my career .

‘ Well , yes , he did , ’ Ashley acknowledged , frowning .
‘ well , yes , he did , ’ ashley [noted] , frowning .

The size of the problem from the point of view of governments is widely acknowledged as large and growing .
the size of the problem from the point of view of governments is widely [noted] as large and growing .

The acknowledged impermanence of the medium leads to the question of artefactual identity .
the [noted] impermanence of the medium leads to the question of artefactual identity .

The paper will discuss the potential of the 1991 Census for social research , the problems which must be acknowledged and how it may be used in conjunction with data from previous Censuses ; it will also describe the setting up of the service and the technical problems in managing such large datasets .
the paper will discuss the potential of the 1991 census for social research , the problems which must be [noted] and how it may be used in conjunction with data from previous censuses ; it will also describe the setting up of the service and the technical problems in managing such large datasets .

It is now widely acknowledged that Keynes accepted the classical theory of the demand for labour in the form of marginal productivity theory .
it is now widely [noted] that keynes accepted the classical theory of the demand for labour in the form of marginal productivity theory .

Despite its acknowledged faults , classical economics did at least constitute a complete system in the sense that , if one accepted its fundamental presumption of full employment , the magnitudes of all of the remaining macroeconomic variables could be determined .
despite its [noted] faults , classical economics did at least constitute a complete system in the sense that , if one accepted its fundamental presumption of full employment , the magnitudes of all of the remaining macroeconomic variables could be determined .

Owing to their deep-rooted hostility towards the very concept of involuntary unemployment and their a priori conviction that the labour market clears ‘ more or less continuously ’ , new classical macroeconomists are driven to look beyond this obvious explanation towards hypotheses which account for the acknowledged phenomenon of business cycles while at the same time preserving intact their beliefs in the robustness of all markets , including the labour market .
owing to their deep-rooted hostility towards the very concept of involuntary unemployment and their a priori conviction that the labour market clears ‘ more or less continuously ’ , new classical macroeconomists are driven to look beyond this obvious explanation towards hypotheses which account for the [noted] phenomenon of business cycles while at the same time preserving intact their beliefs in the robustness of all markets , including the labour market .

In Butler there was a similar exchange of counter-offers , but here the last communication between the parties , sent by the seller , was a copy of the buyer 's order , signed by way of acknowledgement , together with a covering letter stating that the order was acknowledged , and was being `` entered into in accordance with the offer `` .
in butler there was a similar exchange of counter-offers , but here the last communication between the parties , sent by the seller , was a copy of the buyer 's order , signed by way of acknowledgement , together with a covering letter stating that the order was [noted] , and was being `` entered into in accordance with the offer `` .

( c ) Enforcement of judgments Where there has been a judgment against the firm , execution may be issued against : ( 1 ) assets of the firm ; or ( 2 ) any person who has acknowledged service as a partner ; or ( 3 ) any person served as a partner who has failed to acknowledge service ; or ( 4 ) any person who has admitted in his pleading to being a partner or who has been found by the court to be a partner .
( c ) enforcement of judgments where there has been a judgment against the firm , execution may be issued against : ( 1 ) assets of the firm ; or ( 2 ) any person who has [noted] service as a partner ; or ( 3 ) any person served as a partner who has failed to acknowledge service ; or ( 4 ) any person who has admitted in his pleading to being a partner or who has been found by the court to be a partner .

There are two provisos as follows : ( 1 ) execution will not issue against either property or persons without leave of the court where the proceedings have been brought against the firm by one of its members or by another firm having partners in common with the firm against which or against the partners of which execution is sought ; ( 2 ) execution will not issue against a partner if he is out of the jurisdiction at the date when the proceedings were commenced unless he has acknowledged service or was duly served within the jurisdiction as a partner or outside the jurisdiction after leave had been obtained to so serve him .
there are two provisos as follows : ( 1 ) execution will not issue against either property or persons without leave of the court where the proceedings have been brought against the firm by one of its members or by another firm having partners in common with the firm against which or against the partners of which execution is sought ; ( 2 ) execution will not issue against a partner if he is out of the jurisdiction at the date when the proceedings were commenced unless he has [noted] service or was duly served within the jurisdiction as a partner or outside the jurisdiction after leave had been obtained to so serve him .

Officials have acknowledged that currently 38 sites polluted with chemicals from heating fuel , petrol , diesel and solvents are being cleaned up .
officials have [noted] that currently 38 sites polluted with chemicals from heating fuel , petrol , diesel and solvents are being cleaned up .

It acknowledged that this was not possible in these cases , since they each supplied about half of the total energy needs of their respective regions .
it [noted] that this was not possible in these cases , since they each supplied about half of the total energy needs of their respective regions .

Addressing the conference , Clinton acknowledged that government policy on the issue had been confused : `` Different federal agencies hitched their horses to different sides of the cart and then wondered why the cart would n't move forward . ``
addressing the conference , clinton [noted] that government policy on the issue had been confused : `` different federal agencies hitched their horses to different sides of the cart and then wondered why the cart would n't move forward . ``

Mr Justice Hutchison acknowledged the special quality of the wood , but ruled that the Secretary of State for the Environment had not acted unreasonably or unlawfully in issuing a compulsory purchase order .
mr justice hutchison [noted] the special quality of the wood , but ruled that the secretary of state for the environment had not acted unreasonably or unlawfully in issuing a compulsory purchase order .

Robert himself , afflicted by leprosy , spent the last two years of his life in Cardross castle beside the Clyde , dying before he could learn that the Pope had lifted his excommunication and acknowledged him and his successors as rulers of Scotland .
robert himself , afflicted by leprosy , spent the last two years of his life in cardross castle beside the clyde , dying before he could learn that the pope had lifted his excommunication and [noted] him and his successors as rulers of scotland .

She had refused to sign the treaty recognizing Elizabeth as legitimate Queen of England , still considering her far from legitimate ; yet , once returned to Scotland , she compromised far enough to say that she would accept Elizabeth 's tenure during her lifetime on the understanding that her own eventual right to the succession was acknowledged .
she had refused to sign the treaty recognizing elizabeth as legitimate queen of england , still considering her far from legitimate ; yet , once returned to scotland , she compromised far enough to say that she would accept elizabeth 's tenure during her lifetime on the understanding that her own eventual right to the succession was [noted] .

Now he renewed pressure to have his own right of succession to the English throne acknowledged .
now he renewed pressure to have his own right of succession to the english throne [noted] .

So , for whom is Belfast working ? — surely there is little hope that West Belfast will ever really work until the ‘ hidden agenda ’ is acknowledged and changed !
so , for whom is belfast working ? — surely there is little hope that west belfast will ever really work until the ‘ hidden agenda ’ is [noted] and changed !

those who have accepted the teachers ' view of them that they are thick and who see no point in pursuing any further academic work because of their acknowledged inability , and
those who have accepted the teachers ' view of them that they are thick and who see no point in pursuing any further academic work because of their [noted] inability , and

The Isle of Anglesey boasts one of the finest collections of prehistoric remains in Wales , and in Beaumaris , the medieval castle his acknowledged as the best of its kind in Britain .
the isle of anglesey boasts one of the finest collections of prehistoric remains in wales , and in beaumaris , the medieval castle his [noted] as the best of its kind in britain .

The European rabbit is also important in the diet of the feral mink , which is given little credit for culling this acknowledged pest .
the european rabbit is also important in the diet of the feral mink , which is given little credit for culling this [noted] pest .

But although they were terrified of the Magistrate , who in more peaceful times had so often savaged their verses , the ladies in the billiard room stoutly refused to volunteer for the banqueting hall , which they wrongly believed to be more dangerous than the Residency except for Lucy , who was generally acknowledged to have nothing to live for anyway .
but although they were terrified of the magistrate , who in more peaceful times had so often savaged their verses , the ladies in the billiard room stoutly refused to volunteer for the banqueting hall , which they wrongly believed to be more dangerous than the residency except for lucy , who was generally [noted] to have nothing to live for anyway .

The Duke 's position here was weak since he possessed no lands or castles of his own and he had to rely solely on his rights as the acknowledged overlord .
the duke 's position here was weak since he possessed no lands or castles of his own and he had to rely solely on his rights as the [noted] overlord .

But then , instead of returning to the siege of Pons , he led his army in May 1179 to the enterprise which was to establish him once and for all as an acknowledged expert in the vital art of siege warfare : the capture of Taillebourg .
but then , instead of returning to the siege of pons , he led his army in may 1179 to the enterprise which was to establish him once and for all as an [noted] expert in the vital art of siege warfare : the capture of taillebourg .

The usual cues , for instance , to indicate puzzlement or uncertainty are not being responded to ; the child 's feedback is not being acknowledged .
the usual cues , for instance , to indicate puzzlement or uncertainty are not being responded to ; the child 's feedback is not being [noted] .

French state and technocentric-inspired planning have had great successes in both telecommunications and space ; but the British have had their acknowledged successes also — most notably in the broadcasting field , where a traditional consensual policy has been modified step-by-step and channel-by-channel down the decades since 1922 .
french state and technocentric-inspired planning have had great successes in both telecommunications and space ; but the british have had their [noted] successes also — most notably in the broadcasting field , where a traditional consensual policy has been modified step-by-step and channel-by-channel down the decades since 1922 .

The Court acknowledged that third parties could accept treaty obligations informally , but found that Germany had not ‘ unilaterally assumed the obligations of the Convention ; or … manifested its acceptance of the conventional regime or … recognised it as being generally applicable to the delimitation of continental shelf areas .
the court [noted] that third parties could accept treaty obligations informally , but found that germany had not ‘ unilaterally assumed the obligations of the convention ; or … manifested its acceptance of the conventional regime or … recognised it as being generally applicable to the delimitation of continental shelf areas .

The Free City of Danzig was acknowledged by the Permanent Court to be a State despite the rights bestowed upon Poland , and the supervision of the League .
the free city of danzig was [noted] by the permanent court to be a state despite the rights bestowed upon poland , and the supervision of the league .

The Court acknowledged that the Registry could not make a decision binding upon it in its judicial capacity .
the court [noted] that the registry could not make a decision binding upon it in its judicial capacity .

After the demise of the League , South Africa had on several occasions acknowledged that its obligations under the Mandate continued , and asserted that it would conform with these obligations .
after the demise of the league , south africa had on several occasions [noted] that its obligations under the mandate continued , and asserted that it would conform with these obligations .

It is now generally acknowledged that a man is usually at the peak of sexual potency and performance around the early twenties ; thereafter a slow decline sets in .
it is now generally [noted] that a man is usually at the peak of sexual potency and performance around the early twenties ; thereafter a slow decline sets in .

It is widely acknowledged that about one in ten of us has a marked tendency to homosexuality and perhaps half this group have homosexual experience as adults ( homosexual feeling and experiment are even more common in adolescence ) .
it is widely [noted] that about one in ten of us has a marked tendency to homosexuality and perhaps half this group have homosexual experience as adults ( homosexual feeling and experiment are even more common in adolescence ) .

The Goldsmiths confirmed Chorleton 's re-appointment formally on 19th May 1557 , when they acknowledged that he had actually been in office since the previous Lady Day .
the goldsmiths confirmed chorleton 's re-appointment formally on 19th may 1557 , when they [noted] that he had actually been in office since the previous lady day .

That was typical of Sam : although he was acknowledged to be one of the finest seamen in the village , he was still young , and reluctant to delegate the steering to members of his crew .
that was typical of sam : although he was [noted] to be one of the finest seamen in the village , he was still young , and reluctant to delegate the steering to members of his crew .

Later still , the boy is acknowledged to be Mrs Moreen 's `` son `` , but that he is the prospective pupil `` in the story 's title is a fact that James does not bring into the open until the end of the passage .
later still , the boy is [noted] to be mrs moreen 's `` son `` , but that he is the prospective pupil `` in the story 's title is a fact that james does not bring into the open until the end of the passage .

After Carson resigned from the government in November 1915 he became the acknowledged leader of the hardliners , organized in the Unionist War Committee .
after carson resigned from the government in november 1915 he became the [noted] leader of the hardliners , organized in the unionist war committee .

The question of the reality of the world outside us is acknowledged to be a tricky one .
the question of the reality of the world outside us is [noted] to be a tricky one .

The Native people acknowledged the apology , but made it clear that cultural oppression still prevails in many parts of North America .
the native people [noted] the apology , but made it clear that cultural oppression still prevails in many parts of north america .

After the meeting , the North Americans acknowledged that : ‘ We recognise more clearly what our nation , along with other western powers , has done through its communication resources to dominate other cultures and … serve the interests of transnationals rather than those of people . ’
after the meeting , the north americans [noted] that : ‘ we recognise more clearly what our nation , along with other western powers , has done through its communication resources to dominate other cultures and … serve the interests of transnationals rather than those of people . ’

At the same time , the Asian participants acknowledged the need to extend and deepen their dialogue with people of different faiths and cultures and to ‘ rediscover the latent power of the media in preaching the Good News of justice , freedom and peace . ’
at the same time , the asian participants [noted] the need to extend and deepen their dialogue with people of different faiths and cultures and to ‘ rediscover the latent power of the media in preaching the good news of justice , freedom and peace . ’

It adds a huge oddity to the history of cricket that while President Mugabe ( who once acknowledged that cricket civilises people ) snatches agricultural land from Zimbabwe 's whites for minimal compensation , and with the drought turning much of his land to dust , a former Test cricketer from the region , Jackie du Preez ( South Africa 1966–67 ) , says unequivocally : ‘ We are simply not good enough .
it adds a huge oddity to the history of cricket that while president mugabe ( who once [noted] that cricket civilises people ) snatches agricultural land from zimbabwe 's whites for minimal compensation , and with the drought turning much of his land to dust , a former test cricketer from the region , jackie du preez ( south africa 1966–67 ) , says unequivocally : ‘ we are simply not good enough .

to ensure that communication is acknowledged as a human right ;
to ensure that communication is [noted] as a human right ;

This two-pronged analysis of voluntary acts , composed of the disembodied , unsituated self and the distinction between the ordinary and aberrational market explains the range of excuses acknowledged by the classical law of contract .
this two-pronged analysis of voluntary acts , composed of the disembodied , unsituated self and the distinction between the ordinary and aberrational market explains the range of excuses [noted] by the classical law of contract .

It has always been acknowledged that a system of private property ownership confers upon the owners of property private economic ( and perhaps political and social ) power .
it has always been [noted] that a system of private property ownership confers upon the owners of property private economic ( and perhaps political and social ) power .

It overlooks the fact that the very notion that the market is capable of legitimating power is widely acknowledged as being open to serious doubt today .
it overlooks the fact that the very notion that the market is capable of legitimating power is widely [noted] as being open to serious doubt today .

The cultural budget , which stood at FFr3 billion in 1981 , is now FFr13 billion ( £1.3 billion ; $ 2.3 billion ) thirteen years later , precisely because he could count on the unconditional support of President Mitterrand , who is not only an acknowledged lover of both the arts and literature , but also requires an element of grandeur to be orchestrated and injected into large-scale projects ( see p.12 ) .
the cultural budget , which stood at ffr3 billion in 1981 , is now ffr13 billion ( £1.3 billion ; $ 2.3 billion ) thirteen years later , precisely because he could count on the unconditional support of president mitterrand , who is not only an [noted] lover of both the arts and literature , but also requires an element of grandeur to be orchestrated and injected into large-scale projects ( see p.12 ) .

The process was very gradual , but the evolution from an essentially contractual relationship between king and magnates to one which acknowledged some form of sovereignty ( superioritas ) had taken place by the end of the thirteenth century .
the process was very gradual , but the evolution from an essentially contractual relationship between king and magnates to one which [noted] some form of sovereignty ( superioritas ) had taken place by the end of the thirteenth century .

The second case concerns a somewhat lesser man : Guillaume-Sanche de Pommiers , damoiseau , who spoke on behalf of his two co-heirs and co-seigneurs , pierre and Pierre-Amanieu de Pommiers , when he acknowledged that they ‘ held in fee , immediately from the … king of England , lord of Ireland and duke of Aquitaine , the castle of Pommiers with the honour , and all that these co-heirs hold in the parishes of Morizès and Escaude , and at Tremblet , and the toll which they levy on land at Garges , near La Réole ’ .
the second case concerns a somewhat lesser man : guillaume-sanche de pommiers , damoiseau , who spoke on behalf of his two co-heirs and co-seigneurs , pierre and pierre-amanieu de pommiers , when he [noted] that they ‘ held in fee , immediately from the … king of england , lord of ireland and duke of aquitaine , the castle of pommiers with the honour , and all that these co-heirs hold in the parishes of morizès and escaude , and at tremblet , and the toll which they levy on land at garges , near la réole ’ .

Since the Koons works did n't conform to the definition of parody that the work parodied has to be either known to the viewer or acknowledged by the parodist the court concluded that Koons simply made the sculptures to make money : ‘ … Koons 's copying of the photograph ‘ String of Puppies ’ was done in bad faith , primarily for profit-making motives … ’
since the koons works did n't conform to the definition of parody that the work parodied has to be either known to the viewer or [noted] by the parodist the court concluded that koons simply made the sculptures to make money : ‘ … koons 's copying of the photograph ‘ string of puppies ’ was done in bad faith , primarily for profit-making motives … ’

Himmelstein acknowledged that the reputations of serious conservators might be damaged by colleagues who work on objects without the permission of the objects ' owners .
himmelstein [noted] that the reputations of serious conservators might be damaged by colleagues who work on objects without the permission of the objects ' owners .

Dealers in modern and contemporary work also geared their offerings to a more modest pocket book : André Emmerich Gallery offered ‘ Art for Young Collectors ’ and Paul Gray of Chicago 's Richard Gray Gallery acknowledged that his ‘ prices are lower ’ .
dealers in modern and contemporary work also geared their offerings to a more modest pocket book : andré emmerich gallery offered ‘ art for young collectors ’ and paul gray of chicago 's richard gray gallery [noted] that his ‘ prices are lower ’ .

But forewarned , the difficulties can at least be acknowledged and discussed .
but forewarned , the difficulties can at least be [noted] and discussed .

Wish fulfilment dreams — they 're the ones where you actually get to catch that partner — useful of course if you had n't previously acknowledged to your waking self who it is you 're pursuing in your unconscious mind !
wish fulfilment dreams — they 're the ones where you actually get to catch that partner — useful of course if you had n't previously [noted] to your waking self who it is you 're pursuing in your unconscious mind !

There are no hard and fast rules determining the exact knot-count required to justify a rug being referred to as `` fine `` or `` finely knotted `` , but anything over c. 150 knots per in 2 can be considered medium grade ( reasonably finely knotted ) and anything over 250 or 300 would generally be acknowledged as top grade ( fine ) .
there are no hard and fast rules determining the exact knot-count required to justify a rug being referred to as `` fine `` or `` finely knotted `` , but anything over c. 150 knots per in 2 can be considered medium grade ( reasonably finely knotted ) and anything over 250 or 300 would generally be [noted] as top grade ( fine ) .

If one man was likely to emulate Surtees ' success it was Mike Hailwood , widely acknowledged as the greatest bike rider of all time .
if one man was likely to emulate surtees ' success it was mike hailwood , widely [noted] as the greatest bike rider of all time .

The ducal retinue as it then stood was the creation of the previous fourteen years , during which Gloucester , with royal backing , had built up his power from negligible beginnings to become the acknowledged lord of the north .
the ducal retinue as it then stood was the creation of the previous fourteen years , during which gloucester , with royal backing , had built up his power from negligible beginnings to become the [noted] lord of the north .

When Gloucester took Sir John into his service he acknowledged his importance by doubling his wages : the knight was confirmed as steward of Middleham with his fee increased from £13 6s 8d to £20 and he was also made constable of the castle with a fee of £16 13s 4d .
when gloucester took sir john into his service he [noted] his importance by doubling his wages : the knight was confirmed as steward of middleham with his fee increased from £13 6s 8d to £20 and he was also made constable of the castle with a fee of £16 13s 4d .

The glory of the island must be one of the thousand miles of sandy shoreline which rings the island , acknowledged as some of the finest beachland in Asia .
the glory of the island must be one of the thousand miles of sandy shoreline which rings the island , [noted] as some of the finest beachland in asia .

Now that virtue could be acknowledged in the toddler as he freely followed his own natural pursuits and interests — not excluding the exploration of his own body-the ground was finally prepared for an acceptance of babies ' desires as needs in themselves : ‘ Babies want attention ; they probably need plenty of it ’ ( Children 's Bureau , 1945 ) .
now that virtue could be [noted] in the toddler as he freely followed his own natural pursuits and interests — not excluding the exploration of his own body-the ground was finally prepared for an acceptance of babies ' desires as needs in themselves : ‘ babies want attention ; they probably need plenty of it ’ ( children 's bureau , 1945 ) .

Parents themselves thereupon set up a pressure group of their own ( Mother Care for Children in Hospital , now the National Association for the Welfare of Children in Hospital ; which , with all the enthusiasm of maternal solicitude that has the acknowledged right on its side , and with the help of a sympathetic press , is gradually altering the atmosphere of children 's hospital care .
parents themselves thereupon set up a pressure group of their own ( mother care for children in hospital , now the national association for the welfare of children in hospital ; which , with all the enthusiasm of maternal solicitude that has the [noted] right on its side , and with the help of a sympathetic press , is gradually altering the atmosphere of children 's hospital care .

In May 1875 Japan and Russia had concluded a treaty whereby Japan acknowledged Russian suzerainty over the island of Sakhalin in return for her own possession of the Kurile Isles , the archipelago running northeast from the coast of Hokkaido .
in may 1875 japan and russia had concluded a treaty whereby japan [noted] russian suzerainty over the island of sakhalin in return for her own possession of the kurile isles , the archipelago running northeast from the coast of hokkaido .

For years the potato has been acknowledged as one of our staple foods but recently its true potential has become more widely known .
for years the potato has been [noted] as one of our staple foods but recently its true potential has become more widely known .

With time , however , ‘ the judges put away their learning and went along with the expressed needs of commerce … the conditional vendor 's right to be a chattel mortgagee , when it suited him , was almost everywhere acknowledged ’ .
with time , however , ‘ the judges put away their learning and went along with the expressed needs of commerce … the conditional vendor 's right to be a chattel mortgagee , when it suited him , was almost everywhere [noted] ’ .

If this is not feasible , your letter will be acknowledged immediately , accompanied by a commitment to respond to you as soon as possible .
if this is not feasible , your letter will be [noted] immediately , accompanied by a commitment to respond to you as soon as possible .

They are the acknowledged experts in negotiating competitive rates at hotels around the world , and savings of up to 20 % can be achieved on many properties .
they are the [noted] experts in negotiating competitive rates at hotels around the world , and savings of up to 20 % can be achieved on many properties .

In a glowing vision of The ascent of man ( 1894 ) , Drummond acknowledged the Darwinian struggle for life , but he also referred to a struggle for the life of others .
in a glowing vision of the ascent of man ( 1894 ) , drummond [noted] the darwinian struggle for life , but he also referred to a struggle for the life of others .

Certain problems have long been acknowledged even in popular accounts of scientific practice where emphasis is placed on the role of aesthetic criteria in theory selection .
certain problems have long been [noted] even in popular accounts of scientific practice where emphasis is placed on the role of aesthetic criteria in theory selection .

Even the one bishop who had been apprehensive , Edward Copleston , acknowledged that the progress of geology could be accommodated by a readjustment of biblical interpretation .
even the one bishop who had been apprehensive , edward copleston , [noted] that the progress of geology could be accommodated by a readjustment of biblical interpretation .

If divine omnipotence had been really displayed , the deity would have had to create those other worlds that Bruno 's scholastic predecessors had acknowledged He could have ( but actually had not ) made .
if divine omnipotence had been really displayed , the deity would have had to create those other worlds that bruno 's scholastic predecessors had [noted] he could have ( but actually had not ) made .

Even Vernon 's model has fallen foul of the continuing disturbance to existing patterns , as he himself acknowledged ( 1979 ) .
even vernon 's model has fallen foul of the continuing disturbance to existing patterns , as he himself [noted] ( 1979 ) .

In modern Britain the State is generally acknowledged to have kept the peace and retained the allegiance of its citizens during a period of great social change .
in modern britain the state is generally [noted] to have kept the peace and retained the allegiance of its citizens during a period of great social change .

During the 1930s , for example , Sir Ivor Jennings readily acknowledged that Dicey was ‘ the first to apply the juridical method to English public law ’ .
during the 1930s , for example , sir ivor jennings readily [noted] that dicey was ‘ the first to apply the juridical method to english public law ’ .

Undoubtedly , the low incidence of emotional trauma was due in part of the careful protocol , which acknowledged that families risked finding out that their apparently healthy baby had a lethal , untreatable disorder .
undoubtedly , the low incidence of emotional trauma was due in part of the careful protocol , which [noted] that families risked finding out that their apparently healthy baby had a lethal , untreatable disorder .

What differentiates them is the degree to which it is acknowledged that an attempt to influence those above is being made .
what differentiates them is the degree to which it is [noted] that an attempt to influence those above is being made .

During the eighteenth century the State acknowledged his right to punish to the point of death a serf who displeased him , to enrol him in the army , to exile him to Siberia , to trade and dispose of his human property as he pleased .
during the eighteenth century the state [noted] his right to punish to the point of death a serf who displeased him , to enrol him in the army , to exile him to siberia , to trade and dispose of his human property as he pleased .

All respondents acknowledged they owed service in times of war ; rather less than half were obliged to provide regular castle-guard .
all respondents [noted] they owed service in times of war ; rather less than half were obliged to provide regular castle-guard .

Other learning outcomes not previously acknowledged , explicitly include personal and social characteristics such as initiative , self-confidence and the ability to work with others .
other learning outcomes not previously [noted] , explicitly include personal and social characteristics such as initiative , self-confidence and the ability to work with others .

Over half the respondents acknowledged that dreams could foretell the future , and among those who believed in the literal truth of the accounts of dreaming in the New Testament , this proportion was much higher .
over half the respondents [noted] that dreams could foretell the future , and among those who believed in the literal truth of the accounts of dreaming in the new testament , this proportion was much higher .

The famous and high-born simply moved from room to room , inclining their heads or smiling as they acknowledged their friends and acquaintances .
the famous and high-born simply moved from room to room , inclining their heads or smiling as they [noted] their friends and acquaintances .

He had graciously accepted an invitation to a drum at Lady Angela 's luxurious house in Belgravia , nodding affably to Lovat as he acknowledged the bows and curtsies of his future subjects .
he had graciously accepted an invitation to a drum at lady angela 's luxurious house in belgravia , nodding affably to lovat as he [noted] the bows and curtsies of his future subjects .

Although the historic Interlocutor scale of rates enshrined the principle that some kinds of setting were more difficult and therefore deserved higher wages than others , the particular specialities of women ( such as small type , foreign languages and before long , keyboard work ) were not acknowledged .
although the historic interlocutor scale of rates enshrined the principle that some kinds of setting were more difficult and therefore deserved higher wages than others , the particular specialities of women ( such as small type , foreign languages and before long , keyboard work ) were not [noted] .

The central figure on this occasion was the more locally known organizer , Margaret Irwin of Glasgow , acknowledged to be an expert on women 's trades in Scotland . ]
the central figure on this occasion was the more locally known organizer , margaret irwin of glasgow , [noted] to be an expert on women 's trades in scotland . ]

The laugh acknowledged , even admiringly , some sort of necessity that Cedric , poor fool , could not begin to understand .
the laugh [noted] , even admiringly , some sort of necessity that cedric , poor fool , could not begin to understand .

While £2,200 of the project funds were allocated to the main theme , £300 was reserved for use by the science department , whose pioneering work in integrating study skills within lower-school science teaching was acknowledged as an important base to build upon .
while £2,200 of the project funds were allocated to the main theme , £300 was reserved for use by the science department , whose pioneering work in integrating study skills within lower-school science teaching was [noted] as an important base to build upon .

It was acknowledged by the schools that this narrowness was precarious , given staff mobility .
it was [noted] by the schools that this narrowness was precarious , given staff mobility .

Again the narrowness of this both as a `` servicing `` model , and in its precarious dependency upon one or two enthusiasts , was acknowledged in the schools .
again the narrowness of this both as a `` servicing `` model , and in its precarious dependency upon one or two enthusiasts , was [noted] in the schools .

In all schools studied , there was a greater voluntary use by pupils , and more teachers were directing pupils to the library for purposes of retrieval and research , and in all schools , informants acknowledged an increased awareness of county library services with the use of the County Topic Loan Service also increasing since project involvement .
in all schools studied , there was a greater voluntary use by pupils , and more teachers were directing pupils to the library for purposes of retrieval and research , and in all schools , informants [noted] an increased awareness of county library services with the use of the county topic loan service also increasing since project involvement .

The rationale for these objectives lay not only in the inadequacies which were acknowledged to exist in the secondary schools surveyed , but more fundamentally in the educational philosophy which prevailed with the significant actors at that time .
the rationale for these objectives lay not only in the inadequacies which were [noted] to exist in the secondary schools surveyed , but more fundamentally in the educational philosophy which prevailed with the significant actors at that time .

Towards the end of the evaluation , the Coordinating Team itself acknowledged a patchiness in the pattern of recommendations , with some roles being less visible in shaping decisions than was desirable .
towards the end of the evaluation , the coordinating team itself [noted] a patchiness in the pattern of recommendations , with some roles being less visible in shaping decisions than was desirable .

To date , there are no acknowledged `` systems ' which can be used reliably to determine skill mix .
to date , there are no [noted] `` systems ' which can be used reliably to determine skill mix .

That rap is snapping away at the threads that bind the hypocrisy of society is now an acknowledged fact .
that rap is snapping away at the threads that bind the hypocrisy of society is now an [noted] fact .

In many societies this has been an avowed and recognised feature of social organisation — acknowledged and ( usually ) justified both by those who benefit and those who are disadvantaged .
in many societies this has been an avowed and recognised feature of social organisation — [noted] and ( usually ) justified both by those who benefit and those who are disadvantaged .

In addition it must be acknowledged that the public schools have adapted to the demand for scientific and managerial graduates by modernising their range of subjects and strengthening their science teaching .
in addition it must be [noted] that the public schools have adapted to the demand for scientific and managerial graduates by modernising their range of subjects and strengthening their science teaching .

He himself was acknowledged to be a brilliant , witty fellow .
he himself was [noted] to be a brilliant , witty fellow .

Within three months , the refugee from England had become the known and acknowledged assistant of two of the greatest powers in the land .
within three months , the refugee from england had become the known and [noted] assistant of two of the greatest powers in the land .

But none of them , it is widely acknowledged , has the talent , flair or business acumen of ‘ Mister ’ John who is variously described by senior Littlewoods executives as ‘ a genius ’ , ‘ unique ’ and ‘ the most significant pre-War businessman still alive .
but none of them , it is widely [noted] , has the talent , flair or business acumen of ‘ mister ’ john who is variously described by senior littlewoods executives as ‘ a genius ’ , ‘ unique ’ and ‘ the most significant pre-war businessman still alive .

Nicky Haslam is generally acknowledged as a superb story-teller , who judges his audience beautifully .
nicky haslam is generally [noted] as a superb story-teller , who judges his audience beautifully .

The acknowledged King of Alsace Grands Crus is Léonard Humbrecht , of the Domaine Zind-Humbrecht in Wintzenheim .
the [noted] king of alsace grands crus is léonard humbrecht , of the domaine zind-humbrecht in wintzenheim .

The acknowledged leader in modern first editions , which have been greatly in vogue for the last two years .
the [noted] leader in modern first editions , which have been greatly in vogue for the last two years .

As long as this distinction was acknowledged , faith remained tenable .
as long as this distinction was [noted] , faith remained tenable .

If the distinction were not acknowledged , faith would inevitably find itself eroded and embarrassed by the ineluctable facts of history .
if the distinction were not [noted] , faith would inevitably find itself eroded and embarrassed by the ineluctable facts of history .

In every other sphere of historical enquiry , new material is acknowledged .
in every other sphere of historical enquiry , new material is [noted] .

Thus the Bishop of Durham 's theological pronouncements produce as much of a shock-horror reaction as if the Bishop 's own acknowledged precursor , Archbishop Temple , had never lived , never presided over the Anglican Church between the wars and never made essentially similar pronouncements .
thus the bishop of durham 's theological pronouncements produce as much of a shock-horror reaction as if the bishop 's own [noted] precursor , archbishop temple , had never lived , never presided over the anglican church between the wars and never made essentially similar pronouncements .

It is a conclusion acknowledged as a more likely possibility , not embraced as a creed .
it is a conclusion [noted] as a more likely possibility , not embraced as a creed .

If one reads the Gospels themselves , with no preconceptions whatever , there is nothing to suggest that the title was not used in all seriousness — was not perfectly legitimate and acknowledged as such by at least some of Jesus 's contemporaries , including Pilate .
if one reads the gospels themselves , with no preconceptions whatever , there is nothing to suggest that the title was not used in all seriousness — was not perfectly legitimate and [noted] as such by at least some of jesus 's contemporaries , including pilate .

We consulted the acknowledged experts in the field , many of whom were not known to the general public ; and for the most part we did little more than synthesise their conclusions in a readily digestible fashion .
we consulted the [noted] experts in the field , many of whom were not known to the general public ; and for the most part we did little more than synthesise their conclusions in a readily digestible fashion .

Judaism at the time acknowledged no distinction between religion and politics .
judaism at the time [noted] no distinction between religion and politics .

The so-called ‘ Donation of Constantine ’ , used by the Church in the eighth century to establish its authority in secular affairs , is now universally acknowledged as a blatant forgery — a forgery which , in a contemporary context , would be regarded as unequivocally criminal .
the so-called ‘ donation of constantine ’ , used by the church in the eighth century to establish its authority in secular affairs , is now universally [noted] as a blatant forgery — a forgery which , in a contemporary context , would be regarded as unequivocally criminal .

The god Constantine acknowledged was God the Father — who , in those days prior to the Council of Nicaea , was not identical with the Son .
the god constantine [noted] was god the father — who , in those days prior to the council of nicaea , was not identical with the son .

But if Constantine ignored Jesus , he certainly acknowledged the principle of Messiahship — in fact , he not only acknowledged it , he took the role of the Anointed One upon himself .
but if constantine ignored jesus , he certainly [noted] the principle of messiahship — in fact , he not only [noted] it , he took the role of the anointed one upon himself .

He is quite brazenly staging a public spectacle — a spectacle for which he knew he would either have been stigmatised as an upstart and a blasphemer , or acknowledged as precisely what he claimed to be .
he is quite brazenly staging a public spectacle — a spectacle for which he knew he would either have been stigmatised as an upstart and a blasphemer , or [noted] as precisely what he claimed to be .

Significantly enough he is acknowledged by a populace fully aware of the symbolism of his action ; and even the more sceptical of modern biblical scholars regard this incident in the Gospels as historically authentic .
significantly enough he is [noted] by a populace fully aware of the symbolism of his action ; and even the more sceptical of modern biblical scholars regard this incident in the gospels as historically authentic .

He also emerges as an acknowledged Messiah in his own right .
he also emerges as an [noted] messiah in his own right .

The agreement with Carnegie-Mellon was drawn up following visits to Pittsburg by Professor David Weir , Director of the Management Centre , who says , ‘ We are delighted to be accepted as an equal partner by Carnegie-Mellon which is a school of acknowledged research excellence .
the agreement with carnegie-mellon was drawn up following visits to pittsburg by professor david weir , director of the management centre , who says , ‘ we are delighted to be accepted as an equal partner by carnegie-mellon which is a school of [noted] research excellence .

… they meant well — they felt kindly towards him , and acknowledged his provocations ; but they fell into the too common error of supposing that the finer feelings , which induce a man to prefer death to dishonour , are only to be recognised among the higher classes ; and that , because circumstances may have placed a man before the mast , he will undergo punishment , however severe , however degrading … in preference to death .
… they meant well — they felt kindly towards him , and [noted] his provocations ; but they fell into the too common error of supposing that the finer feelings , which induce a man to prefer death to dishonour , are only to be recognised among the higher classes ; and that , because circumstances may have placed a man before the mast , he will undergo punishment , however severe , however degrading … in preference to death .

It appears from the accounts that quite a different reading is given to occasions of physical or verbal reprimand which fall within the acknowledged framework of official penalties .
it appears from the accounts that quite a different reading is given to occasions of physical or verbal reprimand which fall within the [noted] framework of official penalties .

He publicly acknowledged the problems of finding a suitable bride .
he publicly [noted] the problems of finding a suitable bride .

At the same time she acknowledged that she was now seen by the rest of the royal family as ‘ a problem ’ .
at the same time she [noted] that she was now seen by the rest of the royal family as ‘ a problem ’ .

Self-regulation is , prima facie , an attractive mechanism for regulating insider dealing . The Government has acknowledged this in its White Paper on Financial Services :
self-regulation is , prima facie , an attractive mechanism for regulating insider dealing . the government has [noted] this in its white paper on financial services :

In so far as there is this domination , it must be acknowledged that men have been aided in their domination of women by women themselves — sometimes older women , whose own conditioning has matured in conformity with that of men .
in so far as there is this domination , it must be [noted] that men have been aided in their domination of women by women themselves — sometimes older women , whose own conditioning has matured in conformity with that of men .

The important point here is that Aristotle 's women are not autonomous , not because they lack abilities or capacities but because they lack authority ; that is , their right to make decisions , to speak for themselves is not acknowledged .
the important point here is that aristotle 's women are not autonomous , not because they lack abilities or capacities but because they lack authority ; that is , their right to make decisions , to speak for themselves is not [noted] .

They are human , and are acknowledged to be , they can think but they are not to be acknowledged as authoritative , and if their presence demands such acknowledgement , they are bad women who should have been taught to hide or repress such demands .
they are human , and are [noted] to be , they can think but they are not to be [noted] as authoritative , and if their presence demands such acknowledgement , they are bad women who should have been taught to hide or repress such demands .

However , it must be acknowledged also that the conditions of the time have an important part to play in determining the feasibility of any particular type of exchange rate system .
however , it must be [noted] also that the conditions of the time have an important part to play in determining the feasibility of any particular type of exchange rate system .

Although there were , of course , counter arguments , it was not until a rapidly declining population became an acknowledged fact that the case for exclud-ing certain groups from family allowances lost its force .
although there were , of course , counter arguments , it was not until a rapidly declining population became an [noted] fact that the case for exclud-ing certain groups from family allowances lost its force .

In this early formulation , the feelings of hatred , leading to the murder of the father , had been acknowledged , as in Totem and Taboo .
in this early formulation , the feelings of hatred , leading to the murder of the father , had been [noted] , as in totem and taboo .

He has since become an internationally acknowledged scholar and authority on all aspects of Wedgwood history , design and manufacturing .
he has since become an internationally [noted] scholar and authority on all aspects of wedgwood history , design and manufacturing .

Where liability is admitted , or it is acknowledged that liability is likely to be established , then it may be sensible to try and agree an interim payment because it will probably be possible to secure a lower sum in interim damages than would be awarded by the Court if matters were so to proceed .
where liability is admitted , or it is [noted] that liability is likely to be established , then it may be sensible to try and agree an interim payment because it will probably be possible to secure a lower sum in interim damages than would be awarded by the court if matters were so to proceed .

correspondence to be answered within five working days , or acknowledged within five working days with a reply within 15 working days
correspondence to be answered within five working days , or [noted] within five working days with a reply within 15 working days

The continuing work of the Building Project Information Committee on conventions for co-ordinated project information is acknowledged as an aid to sound practice .
the continuing work of the building project information committee on conventions for co-ordinated project information is [noted] as an aid to sound practice .

He acknowledged that addressing our Conference was an historic moment .
he [noted] that addressing our conference was an historic moment .

Have you acknowledged all those who helped ?
have you [noted] all those who helped ?

Writing down the responsibilities of managers and employees and ensuring they are acknowledged by them .
writing down the responsibilities of managers and employees and ensuring they are [noted] by them .

The University , through UnivEd , is a major provider of high-quality training , updating and reskilling for Scottish , European and international industry , commerce and government , with a comprehensive programme of courses , seminars and conferences presented by some 2,400 academics — acknowledged experts in their particular fields .
the university , through unived , is a major provider of high-quality training , updating and reskilling for scottish , european and international industry , commerce and government , with a comprehensive programme of courses , seminars and conferences presented by some 2,400 academics — [noted] experts in their particular fields .

Every idea will be acknowledged and receive a reply .
every idea will be [noted] and receive a reply .

The Committee acknowledged that the report is primarily aimed at the government 's policy for shifting the balance between food production and environmental care .
the committee [noted] that the report is primarily aimed at the government 's policy for shifting the balance between food production and environmental care .

He acknowledged to himself that he was fishing , really .
he [noted] to himself that he was fishing , really .

He had felt the knife blade turning in his gut as he had talked , and he acknowledged it .
he had felt the knife blade turning in his gut as he had talked , and he [noted] it .

Lucier was accustomed to it : the wry grins as they acknowledged he was only a man in costume ; the superstitious snatching away of their hands for fear he was a little bit more .
lucier was accustomed to it : the wry grins as they [noted] he was only a man in costume ; the superstitious snatching away of their hands for fear he was a little bit more .

While it is acknowledged by pluralists that groups and associations will not all be equal in the political weight they can bring to bear on governments , no group will dominate all the time , and most groups will be able to have their way some of the time .
while it is [noted] by pluralists that groups and associations will not all be equal in the political weight they can bring to bear on governments , no group will dominate all the time , and most groups will be able to have their way some of the time .

The potential political influence of bureaucracy has long been acknowledged within the liberal state , and certainly since Weber analysed the problem of political leadership within systems of representative government .
the potential political influence of bureaucracy has long been [noted] within the liberal state , and certainly since weber analysed the problem of political leadership within systems of representative government .

In 1922 Lenin acknowledged ‘ our complete inability to conduct affairs , to be organizers and administrators ’ .
in 1922 lenin [noted] ‘ our complete inability to conduct affairs , to be organizers and administrators ’ .

In the Soviet Union it is officially acknowledged that government needs more and more highly qualified personnel and an increasingly professionalized state administration .
in the soviet union it is officially [noted] that government needs more and more highly qualified personnel and an increasingly professionalized state administration .

Regretfully , she acknowledged that his behaviour on the train threw no light at all on what had happened at the flat .
regretfully , she [noted] that his behaviour on the train threw no light at all on what had happened at the flat .

Until recently it was both convenient and accurate to use the term ‘ Western ’ to describe this asymmetry , and the idea of ‘ Western imperialism ’ was widely acknowledged as a way of analyzing the global system .
until recently it was both convenient and accurate to use the term ‘ western ’ to describe this asymmetry , and the idea of ‘ western imperialism ’ was widely [noted] as a way of analyzing the global system .

There are two main problems with the theory , now generally acknowledged .
there are two main problems with the theory , now generally [noted] .

Dependent development theorists , on the other hand , acknowledged capitalist development in the Third World , particularly in the NICs , but it was development of a peculiar kind , namely dependent development .
dependent development theorists , on the other hand , [noted] capitalist development in the third world , particularly in the nics , but it was development of a peculiar kind , namely dependent development .

Haemophiliacs will feel that their plight has been acknowledged ; the health ministry and pharmaceutical companies will admit accountability ; structural integrity will be preserved .
haemophiliacs will feel that their plight has been [noted] ; the health ministry and pharmaceutical companies will admit accountability ; structural integrity will be preserved .

The ducal retinue as it then stood was the creation of the previous fourteen years , during which Gloucester , with royal backing , had built up his power from negligible beginnings to become the acknowledged lord of the north .
the ducal retinue as it then stood was the creation of the previous fourteen years , during which gloucester , with royal backing , had built up his power from negligible beginnings to become the [noted] lord of the north .

When Gloucester took Sir John into his service he acknowledged his importance by doubling his wages : the knight was confirmed as steward of Middleham with his fee increased from £13 6s 8d to £20 and he was also made constable of the castle with a fee of £16 13s 4d .
when gloucester took sir john into his service he [noted] his importance by doubling his wages : the knight was confirmed as steward of middleham with his fee increased from £13 6s 8d to £20 and he was also made constable of the castle with a fee of £16 13s 4d .

In three cases technical difficulties were encountered at the time of surgery and the procedure was acknowledged to have been inadequate in terms of gastric devascularisation .
in three cases technical difficulties were encountered at the time of surgery and the procedure was [noted] to have been inadequate in terms of gastric devascularisation .

Frances Crook acknowledged that the high incidence of suicide at Brixton Prison has led to a redistribution of resources in London .
frances crook [noted] that the high incidence of suicide at brixton prison has led to a redistribution of resources in london .

She stood back and acknowledged the applause of the crowd as the lights came on again and we were able to concentrate on our dessert .
she stood back and [noted] the applause of the crowd as the lights came on again and we were able to concentrate on our dessert .

‘ Yes , but not acknowledged .
‘ yes , but not [noted] .

‘ You said they were n't acknowledged ; what 's wrong with them from the Edwin Garlands ’ point of view ? ’
‘ you said they were n't [noted] ; what 's wrong with them from the edwin garlands ’ point of view ? ’

He was probably wrong , he acknowledged , but he felt like a woman must feel , when an attentive man undressed her .
he was probably wrong , he [noted] , but he felt like a woman must feel , when an attentive man undressed her .

He had never believed that anything like this could happen to him — this being , he supposed , love at first sight — but he acknowledged that it had .
he had never believed that anything like this could happen to him — this being , he supposed , love at first sight — but he [noted] that it had .

Edward Carrington , hating himself for it , acknowledged the expected stab of pain .
edward carrington , hating himself for it , [noted] the expected stab of pain .

He acknowledged , too , that it was crazy .
he [noted] , too , that it was crazy .

Sometimes they made love brilliantly , and for the rest they acknowledged a pleasure in each other , and a deep need for the comfort that each brought , in bed or out of it .
sometimes they made love brilliantly , and for the rest they [noted] a pleasure in each other , and a deep need for the comfort that each brought , in bed or out of it .

Then he acknowledged it and began to decode .
then he [noted] it and began to decode .

And acknowledged ?
and [noted] ?

For the first time during Morse 's analysis , his audience was seen reluctantly to smile as it acknowledged the primacy of the perpetually belly-aching little lady from California .
for the first time during morse 's analysis , his audience was seen reluctantly to smile as it [noted] the primacy of the perpetually belly-aching little lady from california .

Anyone seeking temporary work beyond his own parish had to have a certificate ( signed by the minister and an overseer ) which acknowledged legal responsibility .
anyone seeking temporary work beyond his own parish had to have a certificate ( signed by the minister and an overseer ) which [noted] legal responsibility .

As their grievances were not met , or even acknowledged by the ultimate power in the state — ; the Tsar .
as their grievances were not met , or even [noted] by the ultimate power in the state — ; the tsar .

Through his work , Freud realised that some taboos of the time were much more commonly breached than was acknowledged by society .
through his work , freud realised that some taboos of the time were much more commonly breached than was [noted] by society .

His home is in Halo Avenue , Johnston , from where he will pursue his interest in horse racing as an acknowledged enthusiast of the sport .
his home is in halo avenue , johnston , from where he will pursue his interest in horse racing as an [noted] enthusiast of the sport .

It is clearly acknowledged that without the work of the women 's movement , the Intifada would be in jeopardy .
it is clearly [noted] that without the work of the women 's movement , the intifada would be in jeopardy .

The connection between them and Douglas Reyburn lies in the fact that Gavin Hanna , Assistant Technical Manager who joined the company three years ' ago , is now an acknowledged expert with a scientific paper published last January by the Company of Biologists .
the connection between them and douglas reyburn lies in the fact that gavin hanna , assistant technical manager who joined the company three years ' ago , is now an [noted] expert with a scientific paper published last january by the company of biologists .

Comparative Biochemistry of Parasitic Helminths is a challenging assessment of current ideas in the field written by acknowledged world authorities .
comparative biochemistry of parasitic helminths is a challenging assessment of current ideas in the field written by [noted] world authorities .

Following on from the informal Malta summit in December 1989 [ see p. 37110 ] , the meetings were hailed as a new beginning in US-Soviet relations , despite acknowledged continuing differences on a number of key bilateral and international issues .
following on from the informal malta summit in december 1989 [ see p. 37110 ] , the meetings were hailed as a new beginning in us-soviet relations , despite [noted] continuing differences on a number of key bilateral and international issues .

Both leaders also acknowledged continuing disagreements on a number of key issues .
both leaders also [noted] continuing disagreements on a number of key issues .

Attempts to " cool " the economy were made partly for fear of rising inflation ; in October 1989 the Finance Minister , Daim Zainuddin , acknowledged that rapid economic expansion had fuelled inflation from 2.5 per cent in 1988 to 4 per cent in 1989 with only a marginal change expected in 1990 .
attempts to " cool " the economy were made partly for fear of rising inflation ; in october 1989 the finance minister , daim zainuddin , [noted] that rapid economic expansion had fuelled inflation from 2.5 per cent in 1988 to 4 per cent in 1989 with only a marginal change expected in 1990 .

37120-21 ] had wider support than initially acknowledged , with an estimated 70 per cent of the armed forces willing to support a regime installed by the coup plotters , according to intelligence sources .
37120-21 ] had wider support than initially [noted] , with an estimated 70 per cent of the armed forces willing to support a regime installed by the coup plotters , according to intelligence sources .

This acknowledged the need for a better trained workforce and for a previous lack of expenditure in the welfare sphere .
this [noted] the need for a better trained workforce and for a previous lack of expenditure in the welfare sphere .

Prime Minister Bird acknowledged that there had been `` irregularities and breaches of our customs regulations in handling the arms `` .
prime minister bird [noted] that there had been `` irregularities and breaches of our customs regulations in handling the arms `` .

In recent years the Dalai Lama , the acknowledged spiritual leader of an estimated 100,000 Tibetan exiles , had been active in lobbying world leaders for negotiations on Tibetan independence , adopting a higher diplomatic profile which was recognized in his receipt of the 1989 Nobel Peace Prize .
in recent years the dalai lama , the [noted] spiritual leader of an estimated 100,000 tibetan exiles , had been active in lobbying world leaders for negotiations on tibetan independence , adopting a higher diplomatic profile which was recognized in his receipt of the 1989 nobel peace prize .

Replying formally on April 5 , the Supreme Council repeated the call for immediate negotiations , but in conciliatory statements it acknowledged the Soviet leadership 's concern at events in Lithuania , and stressed that it did not seek to sever economic relations and `` cultural and human ties `` with the Soviet Union .
replying formally on april 5 , the supreme council repeated the call for immediate negotiations , but in conciliatory statements it [noted] the soviet leadership 's concern at events in lithuania , and stressed that it did not seek to sever economic relations and `` cultural and human ties `` with the soviet union .

Poindexter acknowledged that he had deleted computer messages , but claimed that this was part of his normal routine .
poindexter [noted] that he had deleted computer messages , but claimed that this was part of his normal routine .

Israel , meanwhile , had the most advanced ballistic missile force outside the five acknowledged nuclear powers .
israel , meanwhile , had the most advanced ballistic missile force outside the five [noted] nuclear powers .

The two defectors , Rabbi Averham Verdiger and Rabbi Eliezer Mizrahi , had apparently acted on the instructions of Rabbi Menachem Schneerson , the Hasidic leader of the Lubavitch sect of orthodox Judaism ; although resident in Brooklyn , New York , his profound influence on Israeli politics was widely acknowledged .
the two defectors , rabbi averham verdiger and rabbi eliezer mizrahi , had apparently acted on the instructions of rabbi menachem schneerson , the hasidic leader of the lubavitch sect of orthodox judaism ; although resident in brooklyn , new york , his profound influence on israeli politics was widely [noted] .

Durenberger , who was not due to face re-election until 1994 , acknowledged that he had made " serious mistakes " and characterized the verdict against him as a " fair conclusion " .
durenberger , who was not due to face re-election until 1994 , [noted] that he had made " serious mistakes " and characterized the verdict against him as a " fair conclusion " .

Frank , who was serving his fifth term in the House and was one of the country 's most liberal federal legislators , had acknowledged his homosexuality in 1987 .
frank , who was serving his fifth term in the house and was one of the country 's most liberal federal legislators , had [noted] his homosexuality in 1987 .

The participants acknowledged that there had been considerable divergences of views on each of these issues , but all declared themselves satisfied with the compromises reached as expressed in the final declaration .
the participants [noted] that there had been considerable divergences of views on each of these issues , but all declared themselves satisfied with the compromises reached as expressed in the final declaration .

Matthei acknowledged the President-elect as the future `` supreme `` commander of the armed forces , while Stange emphasized the professional role of the police `` whatever the government `` and said that he had `` great hopes `` for the new administration .
matthei [noted] the president-elect as the future `` supreme `` commander of the armed forces , while stange emphasized the professional role of the police `` whatever the government `` and said that he had `` great hopes `` for the new administration .

Bilateral negotiations on reducing the Soviet military presence in Czechoslovakia , agreed during a visit by Foreign Minister Jiri Dienstbier to Moscow in December 1989 , began on Jan. 15-16 , and the Soviet side reportedly acknowledged the desirability of a complete military withdrawal from Czechoslovakia .
bilateral negotiations on reducing the soviet military presence in czechoslovakia , agreed during a visit by foreign minister jiri dienstbier to moscow in december 1989 , began on jan. 15-16 , and the soviet side reportedly [noted] the desirability of a complete military withdrawal from czechoslovakia .

At a concluding press conference both sides acknowledged that there had been `` some achievements `` , although there was no major breakthrough , regarding the regional conflicts in Afghanistan and Cambodia .
at a concluding press conference both sides [noted] that there had been `` some achievements `` , although there was no major breakthrough , regarding the regional conflicts in afghanistan and cambodia .

Ballot results in 32 out of 120 constituencies were annulled after the first round of voting in legislative elections on Sept. 16 ; the second round , scheduled for Sept. 23 , was suspended after the government acknowledged that there had been irregularities at a number of voting centres .
ballot results in 32 out of 120 constituencies were annulled after the first round of voting in legislative elections on sept. 16 ; the second round , scheduled for sept. 23 , was suspended after the government [noted] that there had been irregularities at a number of voting centres .

Following the talks the then East German Prime Minister , Hans Modrow , acknowledged that his country bore a share of responsibility for the Nazi war crimes and expressed a willingness to pay reparations to victims .
following the talks the then east german prime minister , hans modrow , [noted] that his country bore a share of responsibility for the nazi war crimes and expressed a willingness to pay reparations to victims .

On March 9 mujaheddin sources in Islamabad , the Pakistan capital , acknowledged that government forces had retaken the Bagram air base , but claimed that `` renewed `` fighting between the rebels and government troops was taking place in the northern provinces of Balkh and Konduz .
on march 9 mujaheddin sources in islamabad , the pakistan capital , [noted] that government forces had retaken the bagram air base , but claimed that `` renewed `` fighting between the rebels and government troops was taking place in the northern provinces of balkh and konduz .

De Klerk signalled that the government now acknowledged the need to begin talks with leaders of South Africa 's majority black population .
de klerk signalled that the government now [noted] the need to begin talks with leaders of south africa 's majority black population .

He acknowledged black workers ' longstanding campaign for a `` living wage `` and for fair labour legislation .
he [noted] black workers ' longstanding campaign for a `` living wage `` and for fair labour legislation .

It was acknowledged that some of the party 's previous policies had been potentially divisive , and the review was widely seen as both an attempt to attract new voters and as a means of attracting potential coalition partners from among the opposition parties .
it was [noted] that some of the party 's previous policies had been potentially divisive , and the review was widely seen as both an attempt to attract new voters and as a means of attracting potential coalition partners from among the opposition parties .

Although she acknowledged the contribution to the nation 's power supply of existing nuclear power stations , Doi stated that the party would promote energy conservation to render the country free of nuclear-generated power in the future .
although she [noted] the contribution to the nation 's power supply of existing nuclear power stations , doi stated that the party would promote energy conservation to render the country free of nuclear-generated power in the future .

Blackall rejected the Filmerian claim that only absolute monarchy was legitimate , and acknowledged that God had allowed different forms of government to develop in different places at different times .
blackall rejected the filmerian claim that only absolute monarchy was legitimate , and [noted] that god had allowed different forms of government to develop in different places at different times .

The instability of this new situation has to be acknowledged and built on .
the instability of this new situation has to be [noted] and built on .

Their knowledge and experience of drama will be far more wide-ranging than is commonly acknowledged .
their knowledge and experience of drama will be far more wide-ranging than is commonly [noted] .

Washington similarly acknowledged the value of Malayan dollar earnings to Britain .
washington similarly [noted] the value of malayan dollar earnings to britain .

On the one hand , although he now thought that the Commonwealth was `` little more than a figure of speech `` , he acknowledged America 's continuing interest in a British presence in the Indian Ocean .
on the one hand , although he now thought that the commonwealth was `` little more than a figure of speech `` , he [noted] america 's continuing interest in a british presence in the indian ocean .

That there is more to his writing than an ability to recount individual anecdotes is increasingly being acknowledged .
that there is more to his writing than an ability to recount individual anecdotes is increasingly being [noted] .

When , on 25 March 1859 , the tsar announced the principles on which Russian local government was to be based in the future , he acknowledged that provision had to be made for involving the public .
when , on 25 march 1859 , the tsar announced the principles on which russian local government was to be based in the future , he [noted] that provision had to be made for involving the public .

By the 1650s those to and from all foreign diplomats in London were being opened and copied in the Post Office ; and in 1665 the French ambassador acknowledged that the English `` have tricks to open letters more skilfully than anywhere in the world `` .
by the 1650s those to and from all foreign diplomats in london were being opened and copied in the post office ; and in 1665 the french ambassador [noted] that the english `` have tricks to open letters more skilfully than anywhere in the world `` .

While it could be , and was , argued that the contemplative knowledge of God should inform the goals of active life for all men , it was acknowledged that in practice very few individuals could combine both states in balance .
while it could be , and was , argued that the contemplative knowledge of god should inform the goals of active life for all men , it was [noted] that in practice very few individuals could combine both states in balance .

Hilton 's uneducated disciple , however , is learning at this stage that the goal of the contemplative life is a remaking of the self to be like God through a loving practice , and thus knowledge , of goodness : Such contemplation is experienced as a gift which lifts the conscious effort to know and love God into an activity of delight which expresses the whole man : Although this goal is thus acknowledged from the start , the rest of the book is devoted to the means by which the contemplative can work towards it .
hilton 's uneducated disciple , however , is learning at this stage that the goal of the contemplative life is a remaking of the self to be like god through a loving practice , and thus knowledge , of goodness : such contemplation is experienced as a gift which lifts the conscious effort to know and love god into an activity of delight which expresses the whole man : although this goal is thus [noted] from the start , the rest of the book is devoted to the means by which the contemplative can work towards it .

The dowry of a wife married by formal contract , which moves front the wife 's kin to the husband 's household , affects the economic prospects of the woman 's future children ( since they will all have rights in the property of both their acknowledged parents ) but is does not affect their legitimacy .
the dowry of a wife married by formal contract , which moves front the wife 's kin to the husband 's household , affects the economic prospects of the woman 's future children ( since they will all have rights in the property of both their [noted] parents ) but is does not affect their legitimacy .

‘ … Each person to whom this report is being issued in the United Kingdom has acknowledged that they are a person defined in Article 9(3) of The Financial Services Act 1986 ( Investment Advertisements ) ( Exemptions ) Order 1988 … ’
‘ … each person to whom this report is being issued in the united kingdom has [noted] that they are a person defined in article 9(3) of the financial services act 1986 ( investment advertisements ) ( exemptions ) order 1988 … ’

Indicative offers should be acknowledged immediately on receipt by a holding letter ( Section 1102.13 ) .
indicative offers should be [noted] immediately on receipt by a holding letter ( section 1102.13 ) .

This report is confidential being for use only by the persons to whom it is issued , who have acknowledged that they are a person falling within Article 9 ( 3 ) of the Financial Services Act 1986 ( Investment Advertisements ) ( Exemptions ) Order 1988 .
this report is confidential being for use only by the persons to whom it is issued , who have [noted] that they are a person falling within article 9 ( 3 ) of the financial services act 1986 ( investment advertisements ) ( exemptions ) order 1988 .

’ Springfield acknowledged their success with a nod .
’ springfield [noted] their success with a nod .

The role of the City of London as one of the world 's three leading financial centres is widely acknowledged .
the role of the city of london as one of the world 's three leading financial centres is widely [noted] .

It is generally acknowledged that , to the extent that British industry is uncompetitive internationally , non-price factors such as the quality of design are at least as important as price factors .
it is generally [noted] that , to the extent that british industry is uncompetitive internationally , non-price factors such as the quality of design are at least as important as price factors .

Despite the acknowledged importance of skill acquisition there is relatively little known about who receives vocational training .
despite the [noted] importance of skill acquisition there is relatively little known about who receives vocational training .

Most young people in Britain grow up in families , and it is generally acknowledged that the family plays an important part in the development of the future adult .
most young people in britain grow up in families , and it is generally [noted] that the family plays an important part in the development of the future adult .

He acknowledged that the students may at first find difficulties in adjusting to the Scottish education system , the language , the weather and life in Edinburgh , and said that he hopes that these awards will remind overseas students that the University has confidence in them .
he [noted] that the students may at first find difficulties in adjusting to the scottish education system , the language , the weather and life in edinburgh , and said that he hopes that these awards will remind overseas students that the university has confidence in them .

Their crucial contribution to the labour force , particularly in the areas of nursing and cleaning/catering service work , is rarely acknowledged .
their crucial contribution to the labour force , particularly in the areas of nursing and cleaning/catering service work , is rarely [noted] .

Cigarettes are acknowledged as a serious health risk , and the main cause of lung cancer .
cigarettes are [noted] as a serious health risk , and the main cause of lung cancer .

But it is acknowledged in security circles that whoever fired the shots that killed the two soldiers and constables Alan Corbett in Belcoo , Fermanagh , and Jonathan Reid in Crossmaglen last month , has received army training in handling firearms and is a cool operator .
but it is [noted] in security circles that whoever fired the shots that killed the two soldiers and constables alan corbett in belcoo , fermanagh , and jonathan reid in crossmaglen last month , has received army training in handling firearms and is a cool operator .

Indeed the Irish performance bore little resemblance to the confident efforts of acknowledged Sevens experts and defending champions Fiji , who ran all over and around Malaysia to win the opening game 49–0 , or Australia , who started by scoring 47 points while conceding a lone try to Singapore .
indeed the irish performance bore little resemblance to the confident efforts of [noted] sevens experts and defending champions fiji , who ran all over and around malaysia to win the opening game 49–0 , or australia , who started by scoring 47 points while conceding a lone try to singapore .

‘ We decided Mervyn 's tremendous contribution — one of imagination and professionalism — over the six years he was secretary had to be acknowledged in some way .
‘ we decided mervyn 's tremendous contribution — one of imagination and professionalism — over the six years he was secretary had to be [noted] in some way .

And should Mr Moon ever be encountered by chance in his wife 's company then he could not be acknowledged either , other than by a glance of mild regret when no one was looking .
and should mr moon ever be encountered by chance in his wife 's company then he could not be [noted] either , other than by a glance of mild regret when no one was looking .

Recognising his need to be alone which , she acknowledged , was probably even greater than hers , Polly gave a quick nod and went below .
recognising his need to be alone which , she [noted] , was probably even greater than hers , polly gave a quick nod and went below .

Nicandra smiled and acknowledged the obeisance as if it was from a dog doing its trick . ``
nicandra smiled and [noted] the obeisance as if it was from a dog doing its trick . ``

Kenchester 's importance was first acknowledged by Leland in the sixteenth century , since when it has continued to attract attention .
kenchester 's importance was first [noted] by leland in the sixteenth century , since when it has continued to attract attention .

All posts are subject to the local government superannuation scheme and it is widely acknowledged that this is one of the most attractive schemes offered anywhere .
all posts are subject to the local government superannuation scheme and it is widely [noted] that this is one of the most attractive schemes offered anywhere .

Little wonder , really , she acknowledged ruefully — she 'd seen women in the building all but swoon at his feet every time he walked down the corridor .
little wonder , really , she [noted] ruefully — she 'd seen women in the building all but swoon at his feet every time he walked down the corridor .

Then again , it was only her own stubbornness that was keeping her indoors , she acknowledged glumly .
then again , it was only her own stubbornness that was keeping her indoors , she [noted] glumly .

But the greatest struggle of all was against herself , she acknowledged painfully , agonisingly aware of her body 's own powerful longing to press closer and closer still .
but the greatest struggle of all was against herself , she [noted] painfully , agonisingly aware of her body 's own powerful longing to press closer and closer still .

But it had n't simply been desire , she acknowledged painfully — desire she could have handled .
but it had n't simply been desire , she [noted] painfully — desire she could have handled .

It was a subconscious form of mourning for a foolish love she 'd allowed to spring to life in her heart , only to kill stone dead — except that her feelings for Dane were far from dead , she acknowledged ruefully .
it was a subconscious form of mourning for a foolish love she 'd allowed to spring to life in her heart , only to kill stone dead — except that her feelings for dane were far from dead , she [noted] ruefully .

It was n't that the actress actually did anything to attract attention , she acknowledged grudgingly — with those looks and that centrefold body , she did n't need to .
it was n't that the actress actually did anything to attract attention , she [noted] grudgingly — with those looks and that centrefold body , she did n't need to .

Not that he seemed to mind in the slightest , she acknowledged wryly , forced to bite her lips in silence every time the actress materialised apparently from nowhere to spirit Dane away .
not that he seemed to mind in the slightest , she [noted] wryly , forced to bite her lips in silence every time the actress materialised apparently from nowhere to spirit dane away .

She acknowledged his power over her .
she [noted] his power over her .

Some time later , she acknowledged that the task was not proving to be as easy as she had expected .
some time later , she [noted] that the task was not proving to be as easy as she had expected .

‘ Lady , ’ he acknowledged .
‘ lady , ’ he [noted] .

’ Lotta acknowledged the introduction with a slight nod of her splendid head .
’ lotta [noted] the introduction with a slight nod of her splendid head .

It would be difficult , she acknowledged .
it would be difficult , she [noted] .

Health of mind and soul , the inner realities , were once more beginning to be acknowledged .
health of mind and soul , the inner realities , were once more beginning to be [noted] .

By contrast , both Bookland and Hammicks — ‘ in some areas ’ — acknowledged that their sales had been affected .
by contrast , both bookland and hammicks — ‘ in some areas ’ — [noted] that their sales had been affected .

All manuscripts are acknowledged on receipt but fewer than half are sent for review .
all manuscripts are [noted] on receipt but fewer than half are sent for review .

Rogers acknowledged .
rogers [noted] .

Of course , he does not care a rap whether it is true or not — but he is dreadfully afraid that by prematurely espousing it he might lose some subscribers , though he acknowledged to me the other day he thought it would be generally accepted before long .
of course , he does not care a rap whether it is true or not — but he is dreadfully afraid that by prematurely espousing it he might lose some subscribers , though he [noted] to me the other day he thought it would be generally accepted before long .

Touchingly , Prince acknowledged the letter almost at once :
touchingly , prince [noted] the letter almost at once :

They actually tried to have a structure for the organisation that had doctors , nurses , alternative healers and patients with parity at the organisational level , but they kept the front up that it was run by doctors , because that way they would be acknowledged within the discourses of medicine as having equal power to argue .
they actually tried to have a structure for the organisation that had doctors , nurses , alternative healers and patients with parity at the organisational level , but they kept the front up that it was run by doctors , because that way they would be [noted] within the discourses of medicine as having equal power to argue .

As artists , we have seen shifts int he boundaries of public and private , high and low , inaccessible and accessible and , indeed , even personal and political but the influences of past feminist art practices on these moves is very rarely acknowledged .
as artists , we have seen shifts int he boundaries of public and private , high and low , inaccessible and accessible and , indeed , even personal and political but the influences of past feminist art practices on these moves is very rarely [noted] .

The incorporation of hand written text placed on top of the photographs referenced women 's un acknowledged areas of writing , diaries and letters .
the incorporation of hand written text placed on top of the photographs referenced women 's un [noted] areas of writing , diaries and letters .

asks that you send any details to him personally : , and says that all letters will be acknowledged .
asks that you send any details to him personally : , and says that all letters will be [noted] .

He has played a leading part in representing the brewing industry and is acknowledged internationally as a world expert on hops .
he has played a leading part in representing the brewing industry and is [noted] internationally as a world expert on hops .

The admiration of the acknowledged great ;
the admiration of the [noted] great ;

The recognition of a separate interest is , as Adam Smith fully acknowledged , the starting point for conflict .
the recognition of a separate interest is , as adam smith fully [noted] , the starting point for conflict .

Of all workers ' complaints , the justice of those over truck seem to have been most widely acknowledged .
of all workers ' complaints , the justice of those over truck seem to have been most widely [noted] .

He acknowledged the dog 's overtures , but he eyed her with a good deal of concern . ‘ Have you anywhere to go ? ’
he [noted] the dog 's overtures , but he eyed her with a good deal of concern . ‘ have you anywhere to go ? ’

If more than lip service is to be paid to the notion that we are all equal , then it must be first acknowledged that we are born unequal , and that some of us have to work harder than others to make up for it .
if more than lip service is to be paid to the notion that we are all equal , then it must be first [noted] that we are born unequal , and that some of us have to work harder than others to make up for it .

She stared down at the scattered glass shimmering in the blackened water , remembered stories of people drowning in only inches of water and acknowledged her condition with a sinking heart .
she stared down at the scattered glass shimmering in the blackened water , remembered stories of people drowning in only inches of water and [noted] her condition with a sinking heart .

‘ No , it 's not , actually , ’ she replied after a moment , and then added , with a spurt of defiance , in a swiftly acknowledged pathetic last-ditch attempt to salvage some pride , ‘ You see , the office is mine .
‘ no , it 's not , actually , ’ she replied after a moment , and then added , with a spurt of defiance , in a swiftly [noted] pathetic last-ditch attempt to salvage some pride , ‘ you see , the office is mine .

Then she heard the click of the door and she turned , acknowledged the sudden lurch in the pit of her stomach , a half-hope that somehow there would be something he could say that would make things all right .
then she heard the click of the door and she turned , [noted] the sudden lurch in the pit of her stomach , a half-hope that somehow there would be something he could say that would make things all right .

Marriages were an acknowledged part of the to-and-fro of barter and bargaining that royal children were born to .
marriages were an [noted] part of the to-and-fro of barter and bargaining that royal children were born to .

‘ And Jonathan Swift , ’ he acknowledged .
‘ and jonathan swift , ’ he [noted] .

His smile widening , he acknowledged the hit .
his smile widening , he [noted] the hit .

With no acknowledged father , a child mother — if the mother survived , which he was beginning to doubt — and an attic in a tenement as its home , his future seemed uncertain , to say the least .
with no [noted] father , a child mother — if the mother survived , which he was beginning to doubt — and an attic in a tenement as its home , his future seemed uncertain , to say the least .

The worry over her disappearance which had caused his relief that she was safe to express itself in what she acknowledged was quite justified anger had abated .
the worry over her disappearance which had caused his relief that she was safe to express itself in what she [noted] was quite justified anger had abated .

Too few mass literacy campaigns have even acknowledged this fact ; Grenada , Zimbabwe and Burkina Faso are among the few exceptions .
too few mass literacy campaigns have even [noted] this fact ; grenada , zimbabwe and burkina faso are among the few exceptions .

That sounds fine but in practice it means that people from black and ethnic groups get a raw deal because their particular problems are seldom acknowledged .
that sounds fine but in practice it means that people from black and ethnic groups get a raw deal because their particular problems are seldom [noted] .

Several African heads of state , including Gbassingbe Eyadema of Togo , Omar Bongo of Gabon and Mobutu Sese Seko of Zaire have publicly acknowledged their Swiss bank accounts .
several african heads of state , including gbassingbe eyadema of togo , omar bongo of gabon and mobutu sese seko of zaire have publicly [noted] their swiss bank accounts .

Even as the century nears its end , this key fact has yet to be properly understood or acknowledged .
even as the century nears its end , this key fact has yet to be properly understood or [noted] .

Poverty , hunger , violence or homelessness , our social conditions , are the third main cause of mental illness and the least acknowledged .
poverty , hunger , violence or homelessness , our social conditions , are the third main cause of mental illness and the least [noted] .

From the tenor of speeches that have already been made this morning , it is obvious that the work TECs do must be acknowledged .
from the tenor of speeches that have already been made this morning , it is obvious that the work tecs do must be [noted] .

As the Master of the Rolls has acknowledged , this case raises issues of constitutional importance , issues which go far beyond the facts of the case which gives rise to them .
as the master of the rolls has [noted] , this case raises issues of constitutional importance , issues which go far beyond the facts of the case which gives rise to them .

The Under-Secretary of State for Health acknowledged that fact in a letter to me of 31 January 1991 .
the under-secretary of state for health [noted] that fact in a letter to me of 31 january 1991 .

Gentleman has acknowledged , indeed it is in his report , that , by simply increasing the income support rate , all that we do is cause the fees to rise behind it .
gentleman has [noted] , indeed it is in his report , that , by simply increasing the income support rate , all that we do is cause the fees to rise behind it .

Even Roof magazine — not a magazine normally associated with the Tory party — has acknowledged that the Government 's £96 million three-year initiative to deal with rough sleeping is the most determined and comprehensive programme ever introduced to tackle the problem .
even roof magazine — not a magazine normally associated with the tory party — has [noted] that the government 's £96 million three-year initiative to deal with rough sleeping is the most determined and comprehensive programme ever introduced to tackle the problem .

That point was explicitly recognised by President Yeltsin in our private discussions , and also acknowledged in public after our meeting .
that point was explicitly recognised by president yeltsin in our private discussions , and also [noted] in public after our meeting .

Why are such weapons transported at all ? Have the Government not in effect acknowledged the findings of the Drell panel report on the safety of nuclear weapons by setting up their own review ? Will the Minister assure us that he will stop the transportation of any nuclear weapons until the Drell panel findings are issued ?
why are such weapons transported at all ? have the government not in effect [noted] the findings of the drell panel report on the safety of nuclear weapons by setting up their own review ? will the minister assure us that he will stop the transportation of any nuclear weapons until the drell panel findings are issued ?

’ Our Farming Future ’ has been widely acknowledged as a realistic and helpful statement of the Government 's approach to the challenges facing the farming industry in the 1990s .
’ our farming future ’ has been widely [noted] as a realistic and helpful statement of the government 's approach to the challenges facing the farming industry in the 1990s .

Friend will know that there was a real-terms increase in the science and technology budget this year , a point that has been readily acknowledged by scientists up and down the country .
friend will know that there was a real-terms increase in the science and technology budget this year , a point that has been readily [noted] by scientists up and down the country .

He has not acknowledged that more people are now moving out of unemployment than a year ago .
he has not [noted] that more people are now moving out of unemployment than a year ago .

and learned Member for Monklands , East ( Mr. Smith ) has now acknowledged .
and learned member for monklands , east ( mr. smith ) has now [noted] .

Does my hon. Friend accept that universities with a strong research base need fear nothing from the end of the binary divide ? Does he further accept that the Universities Funding Council has acknowledged the excellence of research at Lancaster university by giving it a 10.9 per cent . increase in funding for the coming year ?
does my hon. friend accept that universities with a strong research base need fear nothing from the end of the binary divide ? does he further accept that the universities funding council has [noted] the excellence of research at lancaster university by giving it a 10.9 per cent . increase in funding for the coming year ?

The anniversary report is acknowledged as a tremendous achievement .
the anniversary report is [noted] as a tremendous achievement .

The alternative route proposed by Ove Arup , which the Secretary of State has sensibly accepted , was acknowledged in all its aspects to be environmentally acceptable .
the alternative route proposed by ove arup , which the secretary of state has sensibly accepted , was [noted] in all its aspects to be environmentally acceptable .

The Secretary of State acknowledged that some students might be genuinely worried about their finances .
the secretary of state [noted] that some students might be genuinely worried about their finances .

He acknowledged the plate she set within his reach with an incomprehensible grunt , which might or might not have been one of thanks .
he [noted] the plate she set within his reach with an incomprehensible grunt , which might or might not have been one of thanks .

They would , Robbie acknowledged .
they would , robbie [noted] .

In claiming one of the qualities of language was its ability to supplement the phenomenal reality of this world , the Renaissance also acknowledged the volatility of language .
in claiming one of the qualities of language was its ability to supplement the phenomenal reality of this world , the renaissance also [noted] the volatility of language .

She acknowledged it with a shy , ducking movement of her head and a slight deepening of colour on her vase-shaped cheekbones .
she [noted] it with a shy , ducking movement of her head and a slight deepening of colour on her vase-shaped cheekbones .

Just another unanswered question , she acknowledged with a small sigh , as she re-wrapped it .
just another unanswered question , she [noted] with a small sigh , as she re-wrapped it .

Her senses acknowledged the strength of the arms which held her , the power of his thigh muscles against her softer , more yielding flesh .
her senses [noted] the strength of the arms which held her , the power of his thigh muscles against her softer , more yielding flesh .

But it appeared totally deserted , she acknowledged with a sigh .
but it appeared totally deserted , she [noted] with a sigh .

The use of children to tutor other children has been widely acknowledged as a successful teaching strategy in a variety of curriculum and ex-curriculum subjects .
the use of children to tutor other children has been widely [noted] as a successful teaching strategy in a variety of curriculum and ex-curriculum subjects .

Generally , they have been welcomed : their potential for enriching the curriculum is widely acknowledged .
generally , they have been welcomed : their potential for enriching the curriculum is widely [noted] .

One could only hope that the Earl of Gloucester would realise the futility of remaining isolated in Normandy when Matilda 's cousin was already anointed and crowned , an act that even the Pope acknowledged as irrevocable , despite his disapproval of Stephen 's methods .
one could only hope that the earl of gloucester would realise the futility of remaining isolated in normandy when matilda 's cousin was already anointed and crowned , an act that even the pope [noted] as irrevocable , despite his disapproval of stephen 's methods .

Even the powerful Bishop of Winchester had turned his back on his brother and had acknowledged Matilda .
even the powerful bishop of winchester had turned his back on his brother and had [noted] matilda .

The barely acknowledged hope caused her heart to beat faster as she reached for the first round iron latch .
the barely [noted] hope caused her heart to beat faster as she reached for the first round iron latch .

No , not expressive any more , Guy acknowledged , as the candle flared briefly in a gust of air from the open window .
no , not expressive any more , guy [noted] , as the candle flared briefly in a gust of air from the open window .

And for that we owe you our thanks , ’ acknowledged Matilda , unwittingly turning the knife in her listener 's heart .
and for that we owe you our thanks , ’ [noted] matilda , unwittingly turning the knife in her listener 's heart .

‘ No , we have n't , ’ acknowledged Belinda .
‘ no , we have n't , ’ [noted] belinda .

It fitted Belinda perfectly … and she acknowledged inwardly that she might have preferred it if it had n't .
it fitted belinda perfectly … and she [noted] inwardly that she might have preferred it if it had n't .

Such a phenomenon may be explained in various ways , but one factor of acknowledged importance is certainly the rapidity of economic and social change , which tends to separate more sharply the experience , expectations and outlook of older and younger generations , as Mead ( 1970 ) argued in a study in which she likened the ‘ dissident young ’ to pioneers who are exploring a new time rather than a new country .
such a phenomenon may be explained in various ways , but one factor of [noted] importance is certainly the rapidity of economic and social change , which tends to separate more sharply the experience , expectations and outlook of older and younger generations , as mead ( 1970 ) argued in a study in which she likened the ‘ dissident young ’ to pioneers who are exploring a new time rather than a new country .

The star acknowledged this information with an exhausted nod .
the star [noted] this information with an exhausted nod .

‘ Oh , it 's perfect for what 's required , ’ Luke acknowledged ironically .
‘ oh , it 's perfect for what 's required , ’ luke [noted] ironically .

To deny herself equally , she acknowledged bitterly , still painfully aware of her body 's aching need for fulfilment as she pulled the straps of her dress up over her shoulders and then zipped it up swiftly .
to deny herself equally , she [noted] bitterly , still painfully aware of her body 's aching need for fulfilment as she pulled the straps of her dress up over her shoulders and then zipped it up swiftly .

They had spoken of exorcism , with reference to Luke 's desire for her , but now Maria acknowledged bitterly that it too would be mutual .
they had spoken of exorcism , with reference to luke 's desire for her , but now maria [noted] bitterly that it too would be mutual .

‘ Yes , damn you ! ’ she acknowledged , her eyes blazing pure gold .
‘ yes , damn you ! ’ she [noted] , her eyes blazing pure gold .

And she had also thought that was all it was , she acknowledged wearily .
and she had also thought that was all it was , she [noted] wearily .

Her hatred — if it had even been that — had turned out to be as intensely personal as her love and an intrinsic part of it , Maria acknowledged privately . It had been born of an instinctive recognition of the damage he could do to her emotional independence and , paradoxically , exacerbated by the way he had deprived her of himself by having her dismissed from that job ; finally there had been his open contempt when they had met again …
her hatred — if it had even been that — had turned out to be as intensely personal as her love and an intrinsic part of it , maria [noted] privately . it had been born of an instinctive recognition of the damage he could do to her emotional independence and , paradoxically , exacerbated by the way he had deprived her of himself by having her dismissed from that job ; finally there had been his open contempt when they had met again …

She smiled at the few women clustered at the counter and acknowledged their somewhat surprised greetings , and was enormously grateful to Frank Green , the owner , for treating her as if she were a regular and valued customer instead of a virtual stranger .
she smiled at the few women clustered at the counter and [noted] their somewhat surprised greetings , and was enormously grateful to frank green , the owner , for treating her as if she were a regular and valued customer instead of a virtual stranger .

The process towards European integration is generally acknowledged to have begun with the declaration by Robert Schuman , on 9 May 1950 , which led to the establishment of the European Coal and Steel Community on 18 April 1951 .
the process towards european integration is generally [noted] to have begun with the declaration by robert schuman , on 9 may 1950 , which led to the establishment of the european coal and steel community on 18 april 1951 .

Both of them acknowledged this .
both of them [noted] this .

Athelstan smiled and acknowledged the great honour .
athelstan smiled and [noted] the great honour .

The friar acknowledged the regent and the young king .
the friar [noted] the regent and the young king .

The glance they exchanged acknowledged as much .
the glance they exchanged [noted] as much .

He acknowledged now that the majority of people , the great brown mass of the fieldworkers , had not even been noticed by the visionary pharaoh he had followed with such devotion , let alone been affected by his thinking .
he [noted] now that the majority of people , the great brown mass of the fieldworkers , had not even been noticed by the visionary pharaoh he had followed with such devotion , let alone been affected by his thinking .

But her face was intelligent ; out of her eyes gazed a heart which acknowledged a wasted lifetime .
but her face was intelligent ; out of her eyes gazed a heart which [noted] a wasted lifetime .

Although the nineteenth-century literary historian would have acknowledged a distinction between literary scholarship and reading , the implication of much twentieth-century critical practice is that criticism is an extension of the reading process , and that the critic is simply an exemplary and particularly articulate reader .
although the nineteenth-century literary historian would have [noted] a distinction between literary scholarship and reading , the implication of much twentieth-century critical practice is that criticism is an extension of the reading process , and that the critic is simply an exemplary and particularly articulate reader .

Her remark had been in bad taste , she acknowledged , but that was no reason for him to lay into her with yet another string of personal insults , all dished out in that patronising way that got her blood heated to boiling-point .
her remark had been in bad taste , she [noted] , but that was no reason for him to lay into her with yet another string of personal insults , all dished out in that patronising way that got her blood heated to boiling-point .

And , of course , she acknowledged , who else could she blame but herself ? She had made no effort to erect any ‘ keep off ’ signs , and their kiss the evening before had given him heaven only knew what sort of ideas .
and , of course , she [noted] , who else could she blame but herself ? she had made no effort to erect any ‘ keep off ’ signs , and their kiss the evening before had given him heaven only knew what sort of ideas .

’ Claudia fought hard against her traitorous body that already acknowledged him as its master , trying to hold herself away from him .
’ claudia fought hard against her traitorous body that already [noted] him as its master , trying to hold herself away from him .

Having acknowledged that all children need the intellectual stimulation provided by the school curriculum , the question is , how do we , as teachers , devise a teaching scheme which focuses on each child 's strengths rather than on ‘ deficiencies ’ ? This is , of course , not a question only for teachers of children from ethnic minority groups , and is particularly relevant when considering all aspects of underachievement .
having [noted] that all children need the intellectual stimulation provided by the school curriculum , the question is , how do we , as teachers , devise a teaching scheme which focuses on each child 's strengths rather than on ‘ deficiencies ’ ? this is , of course , not a question only for teachers of children from ethnic minority groups , and is particularly relevant when considering all aspects of underachievement .

Betty acknowledged :
betty [noted] :

He keeps calling in till he 's acknowledged , then he asks for a road report .
he keeps calling in till he 's [noted] , then he asks for a road report .

Alders and willows and rich grass and wild rose briars described a great , smooth horseshoe shape that was still hollowed gently into the green earth , with such authority that it had been acknowledged in perpetuity as a natural boundary , and a single large field hemmed within it .
alders and willows and rich grass and wild rose briars described a great , smooth horseshoe shape that was still hollowed gently into the green earth , with such authority that it had been [noted] in perpetuity as a natural boundary , and a single large field hemmed within it .

He had a forehead and nose any Greek might have acknowledged with pride , and long , grey-blue eyes like slivers of self-illuminating stone , somewhere between lapis-lazuli and granite .
he had a forehead and nose any greek might have [noted] with pride , and long , grey-blue eyes like slivers of self-illuminating stone , somewhere between lapis-lazuli and granite .

Charlotte had been the first to make the connection ; her eyes lit with a spark of alert intelligence which was meant as a communication , and as briefly acknowledged by a warning flicker of George 's glance in her direction .
charlotte had been the first to make the connection ; her eyes lit with a spark of alert intelligence which was meant as a communication , and as briefly [noted] by a warning flicker of george 's glance in her direction .

That English also fails male pupils in different , but important , ways has also been acknowledged .
that english also fails male pupils in different , but important , ways has also been [noted] .

It still terrified her — ; even more now that it was acknowledged as a portion of her soul .
it still terrified her — ; even more now that it was [noted] as a portion of her soul .

Transhumance needs to be acknowledged as a factor when attempting to understand the functioning of any settlement or parish under study .
transhumance needs to be [noted] as a factor when attempting to understand the functioning of any settlement or parish under study .

Far more settlements had access to areas of common and waste than is generally acknowledged in books about the English landscape ( Fig .
far more settlements had access to areas of common and waste than is generally [noted] in books about the english landscape ( fig .

Now they were assumed to be — well , gay , but not in the sense he acknowledged .
now they were assumed to be — well , gay , but not in the sense he [noted] .

Death happened — they were old enough to have acknowledged that .
death happened — they were old enough to have [noted] that .

Ever-smiling , Sims acknowledged that it was .
ever-smiling , sims [noted] that it was .

In permitting the bishop of Châlons-sur-Marne to set up a mint in 864 , the king acknowledged difficulties in suppling the new currency .
in permitting the bishop of châlons-sur-marne to set up a mint in 864 , the king [noted] difficulties in suppling the new currency .

When Hincmar urged that Charles and his entourage should live off royal estates in the traditional style , he acknowledged — in backhanded fashion — the novelty of Charles 's freedom of manoeuvre .
when hincmar urged that charles and his entourage should live off royal estates in the traditional style , he [noted] — in backhanded fashion — the novelty of charles 's freedom of manoeuvre .

When he presided in court , the count was accompanied by a panel of local boni homines , `` good men `` , that is , more substantial landholders with perhaps further qualifications of age and experience and personal prestige , in whose selection an element of peer-group choice was acknowledged .
when he presided in court , the count was accompanied by a panel of local boni homines , `` good men `` , that is , more substantial landholders with perhaps further qualifications of age and experience and personal prestige , in whose selection an element of peer-group choice was [noted] .

On the other hand , outsiders could be welcomed in if they acknowledged the basic rules : a Viking recruit could `` swear fidelity in his own fashion `` or , better still , accept Christian baptism .
on the other hand , outsiders could be welcomed in if they [noted] the basic rules : a viking recruit could `` swear fidelity in his own fashion `` or , better still , accept christian baptism .

Support was fraying at the edges of the realm promised in 839 : the bishop of Toul , and the archbishops of Besançon and Tarentaise with their suffragans , all acknowledged Lothar in August 840 .
support was fraying at the edges of the realm promised in 839 : the bishop of toul , and the archbishops of besançon and tarentaise with their suffragans , all [noted] lothar in august 840 .

Both acknowledged the lessons they had learned from mentors early in their careers and each accepted that as time elapses heads appoint other teachers who have something of their own style about them .
both [noted] the lessons they had learned from mentors early in their careers and each accepted that as time elapses heads appoint other teachers who have something of their own style about them .

When a commentary on Michael Rutter 's Fifteen Thousand Hours was formulated by Tizard and others ( 1980 ) it acknowledged in the first place that in the report an impressive base of data supported `` an architecture in which many common sense perceptions about schools were co-ordinated `` ( Tizard et al .
when a commentary on michael rutter 's fifteen thousand hours was formulated by tizard and others ( 1980 ) it [noted] in the first place that in the report an impressive base of data supported `` an architecture in which many common sense perceptions about schools were co-ordinated `` ( tizard et al .

When , on 24 May , in a speech before the House of Commons , Churchill acknowledged the Allies ' debt to Spain for keeping open the Straits of Gibraltar , Franco naturally interpreted this as endorsement of his regime and , therefore , another international victory .
when , on 24 may , in a speech before the house of commons , churchill [noted] the allies ' debt to spain for keeping open the straits of gibraltar , franco naturally interpreted this as endorsement of his regime and , therefore , another international victory .

Even Churchill , who repeatedly acknowledged the Allies ' `` debt `` to Franco for his `` neutrality `` during the Second World War , recognized the absurdity of this pious hope .
even churchill , who repeatedly [noted] the allies ' `` debt `` to franco for his `` neutrality `` during the second world war , recognized the absurdity of this pious hope .

The support and guidance of colleagues in Industry , Schools , Further and Higher Education is also acknowledged .
the support and guidance of colleagues in industry , schools , further and higher education is also [noted] .

[ An ] impairment might not diminish a person 's physical or mental capabilities , but could nevertheless substantially limit that person 's ability to work as a result of the negative reactions of others to the impairment … Congress acknowledged that the society 's accumulated fears about disability and disease are as handicapping as are the physical limitations that flow from actual impairment .
[ an ] impairment might not diminish a person 's physical or mental capabilities , but could nevertheless substantially limit that person 's ability to work as a result of the negative reactions of others to the impairment … congress [noted] that the society 's accumulated fears about disability and disease are as handicapping as are the physical limitations that flow from actual impairment .

The applicant was however satisfied with the result and felt vindicated by the fact that the breach of rule had been acknowledged .
the applicant was however satisfied with the result and felt vindicated by the fact that the breach of rule had been [noted] .

The Labour Party and the Fabian Society both published pamphlets on educational reform which acknowledged this strand of thought while not totally accepting it .
the labour party and the fabian society both published pamphlets on educational reform which [noted] this strand of thought while not totally accepting it .

In a statement to the conference the executive acknowledged the important role of the Ministers in preparing plans for the armistice , for the rehabilitation of world trade and commerce and for the reconstruction of Britain herself .
in a statement to the conference the executive [noted] the important role of the ministers in preparing plans for the armistice , for the rehabilitation of world trade and commerce and for the reconstruction of britain herself .

We are now the acknowledged leader in Urban Renewal and Partnership activity and expect to achieve close to 2500 completions this year .
we are now the [noted] leader in urban renewal and partnership activity and expect to achieve close to 2500 completions this year .

Although it is not in itself part of the system which generates intensional structures , and we shall not make the term part of our fundamental descriptive apparatus , we may say that the property of an adjective applies to an entity when the language user takes the property which it designates to be valid ( in positive statements ) for some entity which he or she also recognizes ( even if the entity itself may be acknowledged as an imaginary one ) .
although it is not in itself part of the system which generates intensional structures , and we shall not make the term part of our fundamental descriptive apparatus , we may say that the property of an adjective applies to an entity when the language user takes the property which it designates to be valid ( in positive statements ) for some entity which he or she also recognizes ( even if the entity itself may be [noted] as an imaginary one ) .

‘ … a high quality paper is not likely to be ignored , [ but ] we can not recognize the beginning of any important advancement in science until [ it ] has been acknowledged . ’
‘ … a high quality paper is not likely to be ignored , [ but ] we can not recognize the beginning of any important advancement in science until [ it ] has been [noted] . ’

Although before the election Meciar had pressed for a separate currency and central bank , he acknowledged in an interview with Le Monde published on July 7 that Slovakia was `` not yet ready `` for this .
although before the election meciar had pressed for a separate currency and central bank , he [noted] in an interview with le monde published on july 7 that slovakia was `` not yet ready `` for this .

Although before the election Meciar had pressed for a separate currency and central bank , he acknowledged in an interview with Le Monde published on July 7 that Slovakia was `` not yet ready `` for this .
although before the election meciar had pressed for a separate currency and central bank , he [noted] in an interview with le monde published on july 7 that slovakia was `` not yet ready `` for this .

During May 6 Dixon met with leaders of the Hispanic community and acknowledged many of their grievances .
during may 6 dixon met with leaders of the hispanic community and [noted] many of their grievances .

However , Syrian officials contended that with the signing of the treaty Syria had for the first time formally acknowledged Lebanon as an independent state .
however , syrian officials contended that with the signing of the treaty syria had for the first time formally [noted] lebanon as an independent state .

Speaking on Soviet television on May 22 , Moiseyev acknowledged that although " a certain amount of understanding was achieved " , problems remained " regarding the naval forces " .
speaking on soviet television on may 22 , moiseyev [noted] that although " a certain amount of understanding was achieved " , problems remained " regarding the naval forces " .

Towards the end of 1990 it was officially acknowledged that the Canadian economy was in recession .
towards the end of 1990 it was officially [noted] that the canadian economy was in recession .

Although the report acknowledged that the Gulf crisis had adversely affected the economies of individual countries , most notably those of Jordan , Turkey , Romania , India and Yugoslavia , its effects on world trade were expected to be relatively small .
although the report [noted] that the gulf crisis had adversely affected the economies of individual countries , most notably those of jordan , turkey , romania , india and yugoslavia , its effects on world trade were expected to be relatively small .

Although Robert Teeter remained as the nominal head of the Bush campaign , it was generally acknowledged that Baker would use his new post to exercise overall and ultimate responsibility for the campaign and attempt to provide it with a greater degree of coherence .
although robert teeter remained as the nominal head of the bush campaign , it was generally [noted] that baker would use his new post to exercise overall and ultimate responsibility for the campaign and attempt to provide it with a greater degree of coherence .

Mulroney described the new constitutional agreement as `` a fair and honourable compromise that will strengthen Canada `` , but acknowledged that Quebec had made `` unprecedented gains `` .
mulroney described the new constitutional agreement as `` a fair and honourable compromise that will strengthen canada `` , but [noted] that quebec had made `` unprecedented gains `` .

Hata acknowledged that the country 's financial system was facing its most difficult period since 1945 , and that the sharp decline in share and property prices combined with the general economic slowdown had triggered doubts concerning the financial system 's stability and capacity to supply capital which , unless eradicated , could jeopardize any potential recovery .
hata [noted] that the country 's financial system was facing its most difficult period since 1945 , and that the sharp decline in share and property prices combined with the general economic slowdown had triggered doubts concerning the financial system 's stability and capacity to supply capital which , unless eradicated , could jeopardize any potential recovery .

Predicting that conditions would be better in 1993 , he acknowledged , however , that moving agriculture to a market economy had been `` the most complicated problem `` and that agricultural market mechanisms were not working well .
predicting that conditions would be better in 1993 , he [noted] , however , that moving agriculture to a market economy had been `` the most complicated problem `` and that agricultural market mechanisms were not working well .

He acknowledged that his marriage had had difficulties in the past , and conceded `` wrongdoing `` and `` causing pain `` within it , but insisted that it was now stable and strong .
he [noted] that his marriage had had difficulties in the past , and conceded `` wrongdoing `` and `` causing pain `` within it , but insisted that it was now stable and strong .

Whereas the recruitment of comfort women — some of whom had been as young as 12 years of age — had previously been acknowledged by Japan , no proof had previously been uncovered that the practice had been an official and systematically imposed policy .
whereas the recruitment of comfort women — some of whom had been as young as 12 years of age — had previously been [noted] by japan , no proof had previously been uncovered that the practice had been an official and systematically imposed policy .

Under the terms of the new law ( much of which remained classified ) covert action was defined as any `` activity or activities of the United States government to influence political , economic or military conditions abroad , where it is intended that the role of the United States government will not be acknowledged or apparent `` .
under the terms of the new law ( much of which remained classified ) covert action was defined as any `` activity or activities of the united states government to influence political , economic or military conditions abroad , where it is intended that the role of the united states government will not be [noted] or apparent `` .

Brathwaite acknowledged in a radio address that last-minute pressure from international church organizations and human rights organizations had influenced his decision .
brathwaite [noted] in a radio address that last-minute pressure from international church organizations and human rights organizations had influenced his decision .

Following a meeting with Collor on Aug. 26 , the 27 state governors acknowledged the need for amendments but refused to endorse the changes as proposed until they had been subjected to a wider debate .
following a meeting with collor on aug. 26 , the 27 state governors [noted] the need for amendments but refused to endorse the changes as proposed until they had been subjected to a wider debate .

While British officials suggested that it was a result of confusion and misunderstanding in Hanoi , it was acknowledged that Vietnam had considerable reservations about the implications of the plan for its territorial sovereignty .
while british officials suggested that it was a result of confusion and misunderstanding in hanoi , it was [noted] that vietnam had considerable reservations about the implications of the plan for its territorial sovereignty .

It was acknowledged by political leaders , military commanders , media executives and journalists alike that these restrictions substantially affected the range and type of coverage which would be provided of the fighting .
it was [noted] by political leaders , military commanders , media executives and journalists alike that these restrictions substantially affected the range and type of coverage which would be provided of the fighting .

Catherine Lalumière , Secretary-General of the Council of Europe , acknowledged that `` there is a contradiction between freedom of movement and the wish to avoid migratory inflows that are detrimental both to the country of origin and the receiving countries `` .
catherine lalumière , secretary-general of the council of europe , [noted] that `` there is a contradiction between freedom of movement and the wish to avoid migratory inflows that are detrimental both to the country of origin and the receiving countries `` .

It acknowledged that states had the sovereign right to exploit their own resources ( by implication , therefore , ruling out coercive action to halt the destruction of , for example , the tropical forests ) , but added the rider that they should not do so in a manner which caused damage to the environment of other states .
it [noted] that states had the sovereign right to exploit their own resources ( by implication , therefore , ruling out coercive action to halt the destruction of , for example , the tropical forests ) , but added the rider that they should not do so in a manner which caused damage to the environment of other states .

The Serbian representative on the Collective State Presidency , Borisav Jovic , said that the army should pull back to those areas where it was acknowledged as `` defending its own `` .
the serbian representative on the collective state presidency , borisav jovic , said that the army should pull back to those areas where it was [noted] as `` defending its own `` .

Guatemala had acknowledged Belize 's right to `` self-determination `` in August ; in return the Belizean National Assembly had on Aug. 16 agreed to redefine its maritime boundaries , reducing them to a three-mile zone .
guatemala had [noted] belize 's right to `` self-determination `` in august ; in return the belizean national assembly had on aug. 16 agreed to redefine its maritime boundaries , reducing them to a three-mile zone .

The two countries , he said , had never been at war , although he acknowledged North Korea 's right to seek property damages linked to Japan 's colonial rule , provided that they were backed up by `` objective evidence `` .
the two countries , he said , had never been at war , although he [noted] north korea 's right to seek property damages linked to japan 's colonial rule , provided that they were backed up by `` objective evidence `` .

At a press conference held on April 30 Lee acknowledged officially for the first time the existence of a CCP-led government in Beijing . ``
at a press conference held on april 30 lee [noted] officially for the first time the existence of a ccp-led government in beijing . ``

The Afghan government in early April acknowledged that its garrison at Khost had fallen to mujaheddin guerrillas on March 31 .
the afghan government in early april [noted] that its garrison at khost had fallen to mujaheddin guerrillas on march 31 .

Bush expressed his confidence in Sununu , but acknowledged that there was `` an appearance problem `` .
bush expressed his confidence in sununu , but [noted] that there was `` an appearance problem `` .

On the following day the Chief of Staff , in an uncharacteristic act of public contrition , acknowledged that he had made `` mistakes `` .
on the following day the chief of staff , in an uncharacteristic act of public contrition , [noted] that he had made `` mistakes `` .

He also publicly acknowledged for the first time that he was a recovering `` drug addict `` who had behaved in a `` degrading and outrageous `` way .
he also publicly [noted] for the first time that he was a recovering `` drug addict `` who had behaved in a `` degrading and outrageous `` way .

The party 's general secretary , Achille Occhetto , acknowledged the failure of communist policies in 1989 , and said that the new name represented `` the two great ideas that define the fundamental alliance of the forces of renovation in the world `` , while its new emblem , an oak tree with the hammer and sickle reduced to a small detail beneath it , combined a representation of the history of the workers ' movement with `` our duty to live in a relationship with nature `` .
the party 's general secretary , achille occhetto , [noted] the failure of communist policies in 1989 , and said that the new name represented `` the two great ideas that define the fundamental alliance of the forces of renovation in the world `` , while its new emblem , an oak tree with the hammer and sickle reduced to a small detail beneath it , combined a representation of the history of the workers ' movement with `` our duty to live in a relationship with nature `` .

He acknowledged , however , that `` we do have differences `` concerning `` Cuba , the future of the Baltic republics and the territories that Japan calls the Northern Territories `` ( the Kurile islands ) .
he [noted] , however , that `` we do have differences `` concerning `` cuba , the future of the baltic republics and the territories that japan calls the northern territories `` ( the kurile islands ) .

Shorter prison terms would be considered for traffickers who acknowledged their crimes , identified accomplices and turned over their assets .
shorter prison terms would be considered for traffickers who [noted] their crimes , identified accomplices and turned over their assets .

The Forum turned down an application by Taiwan to join the Forum 's dialogue partners , but acknowledged that it was interested in discussing economic development with Taiwan .
the forum turned down an application by taiwan to join the forum 's dialogue partners , but [noted] that it was interested in discussing economic development with taiwan .

In comments which appeared directed principally at Yeltsin , Gorbachev in an address to the Byelorussian Academy of Sciences on Feb. 26 had openly acknowledged that a power struggle was under way , and warned that the Soviet Union could collapse into civil war unless radicals curbed their opposition .
in comments which appeared directed principally at yeltsin , gorbachev in an address to the byelorussian academy of sciences on feb. 26 had openly [noted] that a power struggle was under way , and warned that the soviet union could collapse into civil war unless radicals curbed their opposition .

Saddam Hussein delivered a speech on March 26 at the ceremony to swear in the new Council of Ministers in which he acknowledged that the forthcoming period would be a difficult one for the new ministers ; he said that they would be given between four and six months to demonstrate whether or not they were capable of doing their job properly .
saddam hussein delivered a speech on march 26 at the ceremony to swear in the new council of ministers in which he [noted] that the forthcoming period would be a difficult one for the new ministers ; he said that they would be given between four and six months to demonstrate whether or not they were capable of doing their job properly .

Aylwin had been leader of the Christian Democratic Party in 1973 , when it had joined in calling on the military to intervene , but he now acknowledged that all political forces which had preferred confrontation to dialogue at that time , were responsible for creating the conditions in which human rights violations eventually took place .
aylwin had been leader of the christian democratic party in 1973 , when it had joined in calling on the military to intervene , but he now [noted] that all political forces which had preferred confrontation to dialogue at that time , were responsible for creating the conditions in which human rights violations eventually took place .

Responding to the growing separatist agitation in Slovakia , Havel acknowledged in a nationwide broadcast on March 10 that Czechoslovakia might eventually split into two states .
responding to the growing separatist agitation in slovakia , havel [noted] in a nationwide broadcast on march 10 that czechoslovakia might eventually split into two states .

Maj. Joseph Michel François , acknowledged by diplomats to have been a ringleader , insisted to foreign journalists that the main impetus had come from the ranks of the 8,000-strong army who feared the growing influence of Aristide 's new foreign-trained 50-member presidential guard .
maj. joseph michel françois , [noted] by diplomats to have been a ringleader , insisted to foreign journalists that the main impetus had come from the ranks of the 8,000-strong army who feared the growing influence of aristide 's new foreign-trained 50-member presidential guard .

Kakuei Tanaka , a former Prime Minister ( in 1972-74 ) who had also been implicated in the Lockheed scandal of the mid-1970s , had already acknowledged that he had received money from the Sagawa group .
kakuei tanaka , a former prime minister ( in 1972-74 ) who had also been implicated in the lockheed scandal of the mid-1970s , had already [noted] that he had received money from the sagawa group .

The government 's state-of-the-nation report on Feb. 10 had acknowledged the achievements of 1989-91 , but also the present critical state of the economy .
the government 's state-of-the-nation report on feb. 10 had [noted] the achievements of 1989-91 , but also the present critical state of the economy .

In a television interview on the same day he acknowledged that the officials who had allowed Habash to enter France had made an `` error of judgement `` by treating the matter as `` routine `` .
in a television interview on the same day he [noted] that the officials who had allowed habash to enter france had made an `` error of judgement `` by treating the matter as `` routine `` .

The communiqué welcomed `` the worldwide move `` towards pluralist democracy , respect for human rights and the creation of market economies , and acknowledged that the organization must `` respond positively and effectively `` as more countries sought to establish contacts and develop relations with it .
the communiqué welcomed `` the worldwide move `` towards pluralist democracy , respect for human rights and the creation of market economies , and [noted] that the organization must `` respond positively and effectively `` as more countries sought to establish contacts and develop relations with it .

Although no commentator expected Duke to defeat Bush , many acknowledged that he might be able to generate sufficient support to embarrass the President .
although no commentator expected duke to defeat bush , many [noted] that he might be able to generate sufficient support to embarrass the president .

He denounced the Republicans in the New York state legislature for bringing the state to the `` brink of disaster `` by blocking agreement on a plan to close an estimated $ 875 million gap in the current state budget and deal with a $ 3,600 million deficit for the coming year , but acknowledged that he could not contemplate campaigning in New Hampshire whilst his state faced such a crisis .
he denounced the republicans in the new york state legislature for bringing the state to the `` brink of disaster `` by blocking agreement on a plan to close an estimated $ 875 million gap in the current state budget and deal with a $ 3,600 million deficit for the coming year , but [noted] that he could not contemplate campaigning in new hampshire whilst his state faced such a crisis .

Although it was acknowledged by the party co-ordinator , Kriengkamol Laohapairojn , that the party would not be ready to contest the 1992 general election , the report stated that analysts believed that the party could be a potent political force in the future .
although it was [noted] by the party co-ordinator , kriengkamol laohapairojn , that the party would not be ready to contest the 1992 general election , the report stated that analysts believed that the party could be a potent political force in the future .

On Dec. 1 the chairman of the Privatization Commission acknowledged that the results had been " disappointing " but stressed that the government 's privatization programme , including the sale of state-owned factories [ see pp. 38533 ; 38577 ] was proceeding well .
on dec. 1 the chairman of the privatization commission [noted] that the results had been " disappointing " but stressed that the government 's privatization programme , including the sale of state-owned factories [ see pp. 38533 ; 38577 ] was proceeding well .

The thaw in US-Soviet relations and the unwillingness of both super-powers to prolong the war led to the first publicly acknowledged round of talks between Najibullah and sections of the mujaheddin alliance in November [ see p. 37855 ] .
the thaw in us-soviet relations and the unwillingness of both super-powers to prolong the war led to the first publicly [noted] round of talks between najibullah and sections of the mujaheddin alliance in november [ see p. 37855 ] .

In March 1990 the government acknowledged that the " intensification of the war " had compounded the country 's economic difficulties in 1989 .
in march 1990 the government [noted] that the " intensification of the war " had compounded the country 's economic difficulties in 1989 .

In November 1990 , however , the government acknowledged the growing trade links between Australia and Taiwan by announcing its intention to create a Taiwan Market Service in Australia , to encourage the establishment of direct air links between the two countries , and to create an Australian Education Centre in Taipei .
in november 1990 , however , the government [noted] the growing trade links between australia and taiwan by announcing its intention to create a taiwan market service in australia , to encourage the establishment of direct air links between the two countries , and to create an australian education centre in taipei .

He stated that the reform would challenge the insurgents to `` compete under our constitutional system and free market of ideas which are guaranteed by the rule of law , `` and called upon young insurgents , whose `` courage `` he specifically acknowledged , to `` accept a peace with honour and justice `` which would enable them to `` rejoin the mainstream of Philippine society `` .
he stated that the reform would challenge the insurgents to `` compete under our constitutional system and free market of ideas which are guaranteed by the rule of law , `` and called upon young insurgents , whose `` courage `` he specifically [noted] , to `` accept a peace with honour and justice `` which would enable them to `` rejoin the mainstream of philippine society `` .

He acknowledged asking Watanabe to help silence Nihon Kominto , but suggested that he had `` no recollection of anything having to do with that problem `` .
he [noted] asking watanabe to help silence nihon kominto , but suggested that he had `` no recollection of anything having to do with that problem `` .

On Nov. 27 Kanemaru gave sworn testimony at the Odawara Municipal Hospital in Kanagawa Prefecture , during which he was reported to have acknowledged that his links with Ishii had been instrumental in halting the Nihon Kominto 's campaign against Takeshita .
on nov. 27 kanemaru gave sworn testimony at the odawara municipal hospital in kanagawa prefecture , during which he was reported to have [noted] that his links with ishii had been instrumental in halting the nihon kominto 's campaign against takeshita .

As for the 500 million yen in illicit political donations which he acknowledged having received from Watanabe , he claimed not to remember to whom it was distributed , and suggested that his secretary , Masahisa Haibara , who had directly received the money from Watanabe , should be questioned on the matter .
as for the 500 million yen in illicit political donations which he [noted] having received from watanabe , he claimed not to remember to whom it was distributed , and suggested that his secretary , masahisa haibara , who had directly received the money from watanabe , should be questioned on the matter .

State-controlled television claimed on Nov. 18 that the opposition protest `` had fizzled out as people dissociated themselves from the politics of disruption and violence `` , although it acknowledged that stoning and tear-gassing in Lahore had `` caused inconvenience `` .
state-controlled television claimed on nov. 18 that the opposition protest `` had fizzled out as people dissociated themselves from the politics of disruption and violence `` , although it [noted] that stoning and tear-gassing in lahore had `` caused inconvenience `` .

Kravchuk acknowledged , however , that Ukraine was `` ready to start co-operation with China in the military field `` .
kravchuk [noted] , however , that ukraine was `` ready to start co-operation with china in the military field `` .

In a brief speech after the vote on the resolution Gorbachev acknowledged fears of a dictatorship , but stressed that strong central executive power was the only way to overcome the present crises .
in a brief speech after the vote on the resolution gorbachev [noted] fears of a dictatorship , but stressed that strong central executive power was the only way to overcome the present crises .

All four tests were formally acknowledged in accordance with President Mitterrand 's promise of May 1989 ending the French government 's policy of silence on nuclear testing since 1985 , and gave rise to a number of regional protests .
all four tests were formally [noted] in accordance with president mitterrand 's promise of may 1989 ending the french government 's policy of silence on nuclear testing since 1985 , and gave rise to a number of regional protests .

Among those pardoned was former Defence Secretary Caspar Weinberger whose forthcoming trial , which was due to have begun on Jan. 5 , had produced documentation which had suggested that Bush had been much more deeply involved in the affair than he had ever previously been acknowledged [ see also p. 39087 ] .
among those pardoned was former defence secretary caspar weinberger whose forthcoming trial , which was due to have begun on jan. 5 , had produced documentation which had suggested that bush had been much more deeply involved in the affair than he had ever previously been [noted] [ see also p. 39087 ] .

Alatas and Durao Barroso both acknowledged that no significant progress had been achieved at the meeting .
alatas and durao barroso both [noted] that no significant progress had been achieved at the meeting .

He acknowledged that the Illinois and Michigan results had given Clinton a strong lead , and admitted that his own campaign `` did n't have the resources to fight the media battle in New York `` , the next key primary , due on April 7 .
he [noted] that the illinois and michigan results had given clinton a strong lead , and admitted that his own campaign `` did n't have the resources to fight the media battle in new york `` , the next key primary , due on april 7 .

With the polls showing that 46 per cent of Connecticut votes believed that Clinton lacked the honesty and integrity to be president , the candidate acknowledged that Brown 's negative tactics had been effective .
with the polls showing that 46 per cent of connecticut votes believed that clinton lacked the honesty and integrity to be president , the candidate [noted] that brown 's negative tactics had been effective .

Although both sides acknowledged the difficulty of resolving the dispute , the tone of the visit was positive .
although both sides [noted] the difficulty of resolving the dispute , the tone of the visit was positive .

It was acknowledged , however , not least by the participants , that the agreement was primarily regarded as a means of defusing ethnic tensions and the possibility of civil war rather than as a concrete proposal to accommodate the political aspirations of Moslems , Serbs and Croats .
it was [noted] , however , not least by the participants , that the agreement was primarily regarded as a means of defusing ethnic tensions and the possibility of civil war rather than as a concrete proposal to accommodate the political aspirations of moslems , serbs and croats .

Li said that China acknowledged human rights as a proper subject for international discussion , but opposed the use of human rights as a pretext for interference in other countries ' internal affairs .
li said that china [noted] human rights as a proper subject for international discussion , but opposed the use of human rights as a pretext for interference in other countries ' internal affairs .

In heavy rain and the permanent twilight created by the burning oil wells and smoke-laden sky , allied commanders acknowledged that the many Guard units offered `` determined resistance `` and in some instances even launched localized counterattacks .
in heavy rain and the permanent twilight created by the burning oil wells and smoke-laden sky , allied commanders [noted] that the many guard units offered `` determined resistance `` and in some instances even launched localized counterattacks .

The Guardian of Feb. 2 reported , however , that United States officials had privately acknowledged `` a significant intelligence error `` which had overestimated Soviet forces in Eastern Europe and the western Soviet Union .
the guardian of feb. 2 reported , however , that united states officials had privately [noted] `` a significant intelligence error `` which had overestimated soviet forces in eastern europe and the western soviet union .

Although both Beveridge and Bevan had acknowledged the superiority of prevention over cure , the design of the new system ensured that it remained underdeveloped .
although both beveridge and bevan had [noted] the superiority of prevention over cure , the design of the new system ensured that it remained underdeveloped .

Although corporacy and good relations were thought to be important , both sides acknowledged that conflicts of interest were bound to happen which had to be worked through by negotiation and bargaining .
although corporacy and good relations were thought to be important , both sides [noted] that conflicts of interest were bound to happen which had to be worked through by negotiation and bargaining .

This must be fully acknowledged by the secondary school history department when planning its work .
this must be fully [noted] by the secondary school history department when planning its work .

Similarly gaps in evidence need to be acknowledged not ignored .
similarly gaps in evidence need to be [noted] not ignored .

The defendant squatter , Tillson , had occupied several acres of agricultural land belonging to the council since 1967 , but in 1983 he had apparently acknowledged the plaintiff council 's title by becoming their tenant of the land .
the defendant squatter , tillson , had occupied several acres of agricultural land belonging to the council since 1967 , but in 1983 he had apparently [noted] the plaintiff council 's title by becoming their tenant of the land .

Hence , it is likely that she was openly acknowledged as his consort , and was present when he was chosen as king in 1016 .
hence , it is likely that she was openly [noted] as his consort , and was present when he was chosen as king in 1016 .

Nevertheless , the probability that early in 1023 Thorkell the Tall was willing to accept one of Ælfgifu 's sons in exchange for his own when he and Cnut were reconciled strongly implies that the boy was openly acknowledged by Cnut .
nevertheless , the probability that early in 1023 thorkell the tall was willing to accept one of ælfgifu 's sons in exchange for his own when he and cnut were reconciled strongly implies that the boy was openly [noted] by cnut .

In the early evening of 25 August 1944 , a few hours after he had arrived in liberated Paris , de Gaulle stood at a window of the Hôtel de Ville and acknowledged the cheers of thousands of Parisians gathered down below .
in the early evening of 25 august 1944 , a few hours after he had arrived in liberated paris , de gaulle stood at a window of the hôtel de ville and [noted] the cheers of thousands of parisians gathered down below .

… for all those unfortunate and aged people the institution of the poor law did provide some genuine relief , especially in small communities where the poor were personally known and acknowledged to have a legitimate claim on the assistance of their neighbours .
… for all those unfortunate and aged people the institution of the poor law did provide some genuine relief , especially in small communities where the poor were personally known and [noted] to have a legitimate claim on the assistance of their neighbours .

As for the certificate system whereby a parish acknowledged its responsibility to relieve holders who became chargeable while working in other parishes , that may well have helped industrial employers for they received the labour while the risk of having to relieve in cases of unemployment or sickness was underwritten by the parish of settlement .
as for the certificate system whereby a parish [noted] its responsibility to relieve holders who became chargeable while working in other parishes , that may well have helped industrial employers for they received the labour while the risk of having to relieve in cases of unemployment or sickness was underwritten by the parish of settlement .

For example in the United Kingdom case of Glyn v Weston Feature Film Co. [ 1916 ] , in which it was argued ( unsuccessfully ) that a film infringed the copyright in a novel , it was acknowledged that copyright can extend beyond the literal text of a book to the dramatic scenes and incidents contained within it .
for example in the united kingdom case of glyn v weston feature film co. [ 1916 ] , in which it was argued ( unsuccessfully ) that a film infringed the copyright in a novel , it was [noted] that copyright can extend beyond the literal text of a book to the dramatic scenes and incidents contained within it .

However , an attractively designed computer is less likely to fall within the scope of registered designs because a person buying a computer is more interested in the performance of the computer ; its appearance is not important to a material extent , although it must be acknowledged that the Design Registry and the courts took a fairly liberal attitude prior to the changes to the 1949 Act and are likely to continue to be generous in this respect .
however , an attractively designed computer is less likely to fall within the scope of registered designs because a person buying a computer is more interested in the performance of the computer ; its appearance is not important to a material extent , although it must be [noted] that the design registry and the courts took a fairly liberal attitude prior to the changes to the 1949 act and are likely to continue to be generous in this respect .

Sponsorship should be acknowledged in a discreet way , preferably in a single alphabetical listing ;
sponsorship should be [noted] in a discreet way , preferably in a single alphabetical listing ;

Tug skippers , who had never before acknowledged the presence of the moored barges , called out , or gave the danger signal — live rapid blasts in succession .
tug skippers , who had never before [noted] the presence of the moored barges , called out , or gave the danger signal — live rapid blasts in succession .

It was not just the love for the Greeks that he acknowledged later , although certainly that was already present : an auto biographical essay of 1864 , for instance , expresses in warm tones his feeling for Greek poetry , including Sophocles and Aeschylus , and for Plato .
it was not just the love for the greeks that he [noted] later , although certainly that was already present : an auto biographical essay of 1864 , for instance , expresses in warm tones his feeling for greek poetry , including sophocles and aeschylus , and for plato .

The report of the Third Committee that dealt with the topic , Population and the Family , for instance , while noting that `` high infant mortality was especially recognized as a deterrent to fertility decline `` and , consequently , two recommendations to this effect were adopted by the World Population Plan of Action , also mentioned that `` It was widely acknowledged that the ability to determine the number and spacing of children influences family well-being , partly because of the effect upon the health of both mothers and children . ``
the report of the third committee that dealt with the topic , population and the family , for instance , while noting that `` high infant mortality was especially recognized as a deterrent to fertility decline `` and , consequently , two recommendations to this effect were adopted by the world population plan of action , also mentioned that `` it was widely [noted] that the ability to determine the number and spacing of children influences family well-being , partly because of the effect upon the health of both mothers and children . ``

The Preamble to the new recommendations acknowledged the changes : `` Some important gaps in knowledge have been filled and new issues have emerged to challenge the international community .
the preamble to the new recommendations [noted] the changes : `` some important gaps in knowledge have been filled and new issues have emerged to challenge the international community .

The Prester was believed to have written to the Byzantine Emperor Manuel Comnenus , enumerating the wonders of his kingdom , and affirming that he ruled over the three Indies and over seventy kings , and that twenty bishops , twelve archbishops and a patriarch acknowledged his authority .
the prester was believed to have written to the byzantine emperor manuel comnenus , enumerating the wonders of his kingdom , and affirming that he ruled over the three indies and over seventy kings , and that twenty bishops , twelve archbishops and a patriarch [noted] his authority .

Is n't it time the Government acknowledged all the hard work mums have done and gave playgroups some official funding ?
is n't it time the government [noted] all the hard work mums have done and gave playgroups some official funding ?

Having acknowledged its usefulness , it might be as well to look at some of the problems .
having [noted] its usefulness , it might be as well to look at some of the problems .

The sense in which he has created it — by writing the poem — is acknowledged to be simply vicarious pleasure .
the sense in which he has created it — by writing the poem — is [noted] to be simply vicarious pleasure .

Its scale is discarded between ‘ huge fragments ’ and ‘ chaffy grain ’ , and man 's influence is denied ( ‘ like rebounding hail ’ ) and yet acknowledged ( ‘ the thresher 's flail ’ ) .
its scale is discarded between ‘ huge fragments ’ and ‘ chaffy grain ’ , and man 's influence is denied ( ‘ like rebounding hail ’ ) and yet [noted] ( ‘ the thresher 's flail ’ ) .

And more specifically , in this poem , the artist 's act of creativity is not some ‘ victory ’ , wresting beauteous elements out of the mire of the sub-conscious , but it occurs in instants of astute resignation , ‘ wise and abandoned ’ in Ian McEwan 's words , when the eternal act of creativity is acknowledged and the mind released to the currents of its progress .
and more specifically , in this poem , the artist 's act of creativity is not some ‘ victory ’ , wresting beauteous elements out of the mire of the sub-conscious , but it occurs in instants of astute resignation , ‘ wise and abandoned ’ in ian mcewan 's words , when the eternal act of creativity is [noted] and the mind released to the currents of its progress .

It is now generally acknowledged that Helicobacter pylori infection is the major cause of antral gastritis .
it is now generally [noted] that helicobacter pylori infection is the major cause of antral gastritis .

All patients except two acknowledged abuse of anthranoid laxatives for between 10 and 30 years .
all patients except two [noted] abuse of anthranoid laxatives for between 10 and 30 years .

This may have led to some confusion and may explain why the condition , though acknowledged to be common , is not widely recognised .
this may have led to some confusion and may explain why the condition , though [noted] to be common , is not widely recognised .

The finding by Fritz and Brooks that vagotomy abolishes the choleretic response to feeding in cholecystectomised dogs suggests that , at least as regards the digestive function of bile , neural regulation of biliary secretion may be of greater functional importance than is generally acknowledged .
the finding by fritz and brooks that vagotomy abolishes the choleretic response to feeding in cholecystectomised dogs suggests that , at least as regards the digestive function of bile , neural regulation of biliary secretion may be of greater functional importance than is generally [noted] .

She had not acknowledged his cheerful greeting that morning , but had , nevertheless , put the dinner invitation safely away in her bag .
she had not [noted] his cheerful greeting that morning , but had , nevertheless , put the dinner invitation safely away in her bag .

They acknowledged one another gravely across a narrow divide .
they [noted] one another gravely across a narrow divide .

With a pretty wave Amaranth donned her jacket , acknowledged her applause and , blowing kisses to the crowd , stepped lightly down from the rostrum .
with a pretty wave amaranth donned her jacket , [noted] her applause and , blowing kisses to the crowd , stepped lightly down from the rostrum .

As she acknowledged the formal expression of thanks for the information she had given , she consoled herself with the near-certainty that they knew most of it already .
as she [noted] the formal expression of thanks for the information she had given , she consoled herself with the near-certainty that they knew most of it already .

It was mentioned in this section that the staff had a commitment to combat racism in any manifestation but it was acknowledged that this was not the same thing as multicultural education .
it was mentioned in this section that the staff had a commitment to combat racism in any manifestation but it was [noted] that this was not the same thing as multicultural education .

He ended 1984 , acknowledged as his greatest year , as the world No .
he ended 1984 , [noted] as his greatest year , as the world no .

The Advisory Board for the Research Councils acknowledged the need for a boost to clinical research , but rejected the Medical Research Council 's proposals for a new centre linking basic laboratory research to clinical research in a hospital setting and postgraduate education .
the advisory board for the research councils [noted] the need for a boost to clinical research , but rejected the medical research council 's proposals for a new centre linking basic laboratory research to clinical research in a hospital setting and postgraduate education .

Britain 's clinical research is widely acknowledged to be in very bad shape .
britain 's clinical research is widely [noted] to be in very bad shape .

True , some of the filling-in was performed by a young guitarist in patched jeans , whose contribution was generously acknowledged , but Pete has no trouble playing the guitar .
true , some of the filling-in was performed by a young guitarist in patched jeans , whose contribution was generously [noted] , but pete has no trouble playing the guitar .

When that happened , however , there would at least be the compensation that she became the first of them to have her power formally acknowledged with the title of regent .
when that happened , however , there would at least be the compensation that she became the first of them to have her power formally [noted] with the title of regent .

From the moment of her arrival in France , her royalty was fully acknowledged .
from the moment of her arrival in france , her royalty was fully [noted] .

Apart from Miss Marsh , observers of Victorian religion acknowledged that Spurgeon was , as Bishop Boyd Carpenter of Ripon wrote , ‘ a recognised power in the religious life of England ’ .
apart from miss marsh , observers of victorian religion [noted] that spurgeon was , as bishop boyd carpenter of ripon wrote , ‘ a recognised power in the religious life of england ’ .

The world produced by the English diaspora had increasingly played an important role in Nonconformist life ; in the first year of the new century the anonymous critic in the Church Quarterly Review acknowledged the ‘ spectacle of vast religious organisations throughout the whole Anglo-Saxon world ’ .
the world produced by the english diaspora had increasingly played an important role in nonconformist life ; in the first year of the new century the anonymous critic in the church quarterly review [noted] the ‘ spectacle of vast religious organisations throughout the whole anglo-saxon world ’ .

We have to communicate : we have a need to be acknowledged by the other .
we have to communicate : we have a need to be [noted] by the other .

When the big wigs arrived , however , they were barely acknowledged by a dour receptionist , told to sit in a grubby waiting area strewn with cigarette ends and empty coffee cups , and kept waiting for half an hour without either apology or explanation .
when the big wigs arrived , however , they were barely [noted] by a dour receptionist , told to sit in a grubby waiting area strewn with cigarette ends and empty coffee cups , and kept waiting for half an hour without either apology or explanation .

James emerged as generally acknowledged head of the community at Jerusalem .
james emerged as generally [noted] head of the community at jerusalem .

The books were acknowledged because of their content as witnesses to the apostolic gospel ; their formal acceptance as canonical scripture was a matter of discussion and decision by gradual consensus among the communities of the late second century and afterwards .
the books were [noted] because of their content as witnesses to the apostolic gospel ; their formal acceptance as canonical scripture was a matter of discussion and decision by gradual consensus among the communities of the late second century and afterwards .

Christ 's ethical teaching proclaimed the way to true happiness , for he was not only man but God , acknowledged in the manger by the magi , vindicated by his wonderful acts , by the fulfilment of prophecy in the gospel story , and by the astounding diffusion of the gospel in the world .
christ 's ethical teaching proclaimed the way to true happiness , for he was not only man but god , [noted] in the manger by the magi , vindicated by his wonderful acts , by the fulfilment of prophecy in the gospel story , and by the astounding diffusion of the gospel in the world .

By about 600 ad his authority was acknowledged only in parts of the Italian peninsula , and even there , in the following century , it became remote and ineffectual .
by about 600 ad his authority was [noted] only in parts of the italian peninsula , and even there , in the following century , it became remote and ineffectual .

As Kylie 's business empire was already planning for the 1990s — estimates of its overall earnings are now a staggering £4.5 million a month — virtually every music executive in the world was casting an envious eye at what was being acknowledged as one of the best business operations pop had ever seen .
as kylie 's business empire was already planning for the 1990s — estimates of its overall earnings are now a staggering £4.5 million a month — virtually every music executive in the world was casting an envious eye at what was being [noted] as one of the best business operations pop had ever seen .

Even Adam Smith acknowledged their special status :
even adam smith [noted] their special status :

Spooks in films could pass unrecognized through airports , and North sometimes gave out instructions that if he was spotted at such-and-such a place , he should not be acknowledged .
spooks in films could pass unrecognized through airports , and north sometimes gave out instructions that if he was spotted at such-and-such a place , he should not be [noted] .

Household heads and shaikhs were both acknowledged sources of legitimate power in Zuwaya eyes .
household heads and shaikhs were both [noted] sources of legitimate power in zuwaya eyes .

The relationship between sin and sickness is uncompromisingly acknowledged in the book of common prayer , and it is a salutary one .
the relationship between sin and sickness is uncompromisingly [noted] in the book of common prayer , and it is a salutary one .

Flipping back through the pile of loose pages again , he looked for the words he had written about the dark-haired princess who had so generously , so openly acknowledged his presence , the girl to whom ( surely ) he would have been able to tell The Truth .
flipping back through the pile of loose pages again , he looked for the words he had written about the dark-haired princess who had so generously , so openly [noted] his presence , the girl to whom ( surely ) he would have been able to tell the truth .

But this one , standing before me in her underwear , was immediately possessable , if possession means the same thing as physical penetration , or if possession is something you measure by its financial cost , and if possession is acknowledged to be temporary , a leasehold , an object you lose or abandon .
but this one , standing before me in her underwear , was immediately possessable , if possession means the same thing as physical penetration , or if possession is something you measure by its financial cost , and if possession is [noted] to be temporary , a leasehold , an object you lose or abandon .

‘ There 's got to be some form of addiction there , ’ he acknowledged .
‘ there 's got to be some form of addiction there , ’ he [noted] .

With government borrowing having soared to £28 billion this year , and underlying concern that public finances are in a worse state than has been acknowledged , Mr Portillo 's priority will be to curb further increases in public expenditure .
with government borrowing having soared to £28 billion this year , and underlying concern that public finances are in a worse state than has been [noted] , mr portillo 's priority will be to curb further increases in public expenditure .

In an interview to promote his book , Morgan acknowledged that he had spent years ‘ under the influence of cocaine , planning the strategic degradation of women ’ .
in an interview to promote his book , morgan [noted] that he had spent years ‘ under the influence of cocaine , planning the strategic degradation of women ’ .

The signature must be made or acknowledged by the testator in the presence of two or more witnesses , both present at the same time .
the signature must be made or [noted] by the testator in the presence of two or more witnesses , both present at the same time .

Sandys acknowledged that the Army would have the greatest difficulty in making ends meet .
sandys [noted] that the army would have the greatest difficulty in making ends meet .

It has always been acknowledged as a superior rice and with the move to whole grains , brown Basmati is now much in demand .
it has always been [noted] as a superior rice and with the move to whole grains , brown basmati is now much in demand .

There are numerous varieties of mustards from around the world , although Dijon in France is acknowledged as the mecca of the trade and is still said to produce almost 50 per cent of the world 's mustard .
there are numerous varieties of mustards from around the world , although dijon in france is [noted] as the mecca of the trade and is still said to produce almost 50 per cent of the world 's mustard .

Locke 's distinction between ‘ knowledge ’ and ‘ belief ’ or ‘ opinion ’ has , in effect , been acknowledged by later philosophers .
locke 's distinction between ‘ knowledge ’ and ‘ belief ’ or ‘ opinion ’ has , in effect , been [noted] by later philosophers .

If we can not understand how body ‘ should imprint any idea in the mind ’ , our having such ideas ‘ can be no reason why we should suppose matter or corporeal substances , since that is acknowledged to remain equally inexplicable with , or without this supposition ’ .
if we can not understand how body ‘ should imprint any idea in the mind ’ , our having such ideas ‘ can be no reason why we should suppose matter or corporeal substances , since that is [noted] to remain equally inexplicable with , or without this supposition ’ .

Christmas was acknowledged in various ways .
christmas was [noted] in various ways .

Penelope , however , it had to be acknowledged , had made no attempt to rise above the blow she had been dealt by finding a dazzling girl of her own age favoured over herself in her uncle 's will .
penelope , however , it had to be [noted] , had made no attempt to rise above the blow she had been dealt by finding a dazzling girl of her own age favoured over herself in her uncle 's will .

McLeish acknowledged the point promptly .
mcleish [noted] the point promptly .

Assuming that the start of the current recession ( which on January 2nd was officially acknowledged , at last ) was some time in October , investors can look forward to the Dow tumbling to 1,800 by the late autumn of 1991 .
assuming that the start of the current recession ( which on january 2nd was officially [noted] , at last ) was some time in october , investors can look forward to the dow tumbling to 1,800 by the late autumn of 1991 .

In Rome , Italia ‘ 90 's director-general , Luca Di Montezemolo , acknowledged that Spain were putting pressure on Fifa .
in rome , italia ‘ 90 's director-general , luca di montezemolo , [noted] that spain were putting pressure on fifa .

Mr Field has acknowledged he might lose , but a good turn-out could save him .
mr field has [noted] he might lose , but a good turn-out could save him .

Executives from Ford , which has acknowledged subscribing to the league , have been called to appear at an industrial tribunal next month .
executives from ford , which has [noted] subscribing to the league , have been called to appear at an industrial tribunal next month .

The broadcast , which featured Mr Hurd , Foreign Secretary , and Mr Heseltine , Environment Secretary , acknowledged there had been a recession which had caused pain for some people .
the broadcast , which featured mr hurd , foreign secretary , and mr heseltine , environment secretary , [noted] there had been a recession which had caused pain for some people .

One of the Gaelic names for poppy is ‘ the sleep plant ’ , which is probably Papaver somniferum because of the acknowledged soporific properties .
one of the gaelic names for poppy is ‘ the sleep plant ’ , which is probably papaver somniferum because of the [noted] soporific properties .

But Ichkeul is also acknowledged , now , to be among the world 's most threatened wetlands .
but ichkeul is also [noted] , now , to be among the world 's most threatened wetlands .

All funds raised by runners in sponsored marathons or ‘ fun runs ’ are gratefully acknowledged and help to provide convalescent holidays , travel expenses and little luxuries for our children .
all funds raised by runners in sponsored marathons or ‘ fun runs ’ are gratefully [noted] and help to provide convalescent holidays , travel expenses and little luxuries for our children .

It had been a simple matter after that to slip down to Mike Quinn , who was an acknowledged authority on all aspects of the disease by virtue of his ownership of one book , and borrow his Encyclopaedia of Human Ailments . Back in bed he found the relevant passage :
it had been a simple matter after that to slip down to mike quinn , who was an [noted] authority on all aspects of the disease by virtue of his ownership of one book , and borrow his encyclopaedia of human ailments . back in bed he found the relevant passage :

Arty acknowledged by his silence the truth of the remark .
arty [noted] by his silence the truth of the remark .

By the age of 25 or so the oiliness should be settling down but you may find yourself with a new problem : laughter and frown lines must finally be acknowledged as the first signs of an ageing skin .
by the age of 25 or so the oiliness should be settling down but you may find yourself with a new problem : laughter and frown lines must finally be [noted] as the first signs of an ageing skin .

Long favoured by those long-lived Orientals , who recognise that touch can create powerful changes in our minds and bodies , massage is fast being acknowledged by more and more people in the West as a perfect antidote to our pressure-cooker lifestyle .
long favoured by those long-lived orientals , who recognise that touch can create powerful changes in our minds and bodies , massage is fast being [noted] by more and more people in the west as a perfect antidote to our pressure-cooker lifestyle .

He has acknowledged the Italian trend towards overtly sexy clothes by cutting flirty side slits on a curve in his short skirts and stitching a provocative little hitch into them .
he has [noted] the italian trend towards overtly sexy clothes by cutting flirty side slits on a curve in his short skirts and stitching a provocative little hitch into them .

It had played no small part in tranquillizing things at home and inspiring ‘ national will to victory ’ , and that was earnestly acknowledged by the Prime Minister .
it had played no small part in tranquillizing things at home and inspiring ‘ national will to victory ’ , and that was earnestly [noted] by the prime minister .

To seek to eliminate it from the environment is impossible ; a fact acknowledged by the Minister for Agriculture and his advisers .
to seek to eliminate it from the environment is impossible ; a fact [noted] by the minister for agriculture and his advisers .

But it is publicly acknowledged that these numbers , which represent people who have put themselves forward for testing , are underestimates .
but it is publicly [noted] that these numbers , which represent people who have put themselves forward for testing , are underestimates .

What a beneficial change it would be if instead it was acknowledged that these issues present tragic choices between compelling arguments which are held on both sides in good faith .
what a beneficial change it would be if instead it was [noted] that these issues present tragic choices between compelling arguments which are held on both sides in good faith .

Even The Listener job , which he left acknowledged as the best literary editor of his day , produced a characteristic essay in self-denigration .
even the listener job , which he left [noted] as the best literary editor of his day , produced a characteristic essay in self-denigration .

Bingham acknowledged that his southern neighbours deserved their first appearance in the finals after beating the North for the first time in four attempts .
bingham [noted] that his southern neighbours deserved their first appearance in the finals after beating the north for the first time in four attempts .

Awarded Wine magazine 's Wine Merchant of the Year title for the third year running , Oddbins is generally acknowledged to have bucked the trend .
awarded wine magazine 's wine merchant of the year title for the third year running , oddbins is generally [noted] to have bucked the trend .

Roger Fry acknowledged German scholarship as a precursor of serious art historical studies in this century .
roger fry [noted] german scholarship as a precursor of serious art historical studies in this century .

In writing about Delacroix , he placed his hero in a pantheon of artists who were acknowledged masters of great decorative painting :
in writing about delacroix , he placed his hero in a pantheon of artists who were [noted] masters of great decorative painting :

Four years after their meeting he published an account of Venetian painters of the Renaissance , where he acknowledged ‘ his indebtedness to the first systematic writers on Italian painting no less than to the perfectors of the new critical method , now adopted by nearly all serious students of Italian art ’ .
four years after their meeting he published an account of venetian painters of the renaissance , where he [noted] ‘ his indebtedness to the first systematic writers on italian painting no less than to the perfectors of the new critical method , now adopted by nearly all serious students of italian art ’ .

Problems like these arise from a lack of imagination in house management , but it must be acknowledged that the drinking public behaves in a very inflexible way and fails to adapt to the qualities of different buildings .
problems like these arise from a lack of imagination in house management , but it must be [noted] that the drinking public behaves in a very inflexible way and fails to adapt to the qualities of different buildings .

’ Spender 's and Auden 's world for example , as well as their views of it , were broken on the anvil of history ; that ideology was bankrupted — and they themselves acknowledged it and moved on .
’ spender 's and auden 's world for example , as well as their views of it , were broken on the anvil of history ; that ideology was bankrupted — and they themselves [noted] it and moved on .

The Birmingham International Film and Television Festival enters its seventh year in 1991 acknowledged as an event of national and international importance .
the birmingham international film and television festival enters its seventh year in 1991 [noted] as an event of national and international importance .

The plight of some 600 detainees acknowledged by the authorities was also giving cause for concern .
the plight of some 600 detainees [noted] by the authorities was also giving cause for concern .

The government had not acknowledged their arrest but the team had heard rumours of the women 's whereabouts in a military camp and in fact found them there .
the government had not [noted] their arrest but the team had heard rumours of the women 's whereabouts in a military camp and in fact found them there .

The government has at last acknowledged that ‘ disappearances ’ do take place and that it is a problem which needs addressing , and Amnesty International expects to be submitting cases for investigation by the Commission .
the government has at last [noted] that ‘ disappearances ’ do take place and that it is a problem which needs addressing , and amnesty international expects to be submitting cases for investigation by the commission .

Detentions under section 29 continue , and the government acknowledged on March 18 that 16 people were then held under that provision .
detentions under section 29 continue , and the government [noted] on march 18 that 16 people were then held under that provision .

These are governed by an often unwritten series of transformations , creating homologies which reaffirm operational practice and which are determined by a definitive , but rarely acknowledged rationale .
these are governed by an often unwritten series of transformations , creating homologies which reaffirm operational practice and which are determined by a definitive , but rarely [noted] rationale .

This can not be resolved by distancing , repression and short cuts … the specificity and individuality of the observer are ever present and must therefore be acknowledged , explored and put to creative use ( my emphasis ] .
this can not be resolved by distancing , repression and short cuts … the specificity and individuality of the observer are ever present and must therefore be [noted] , explored and put to creative use ( my emphasis ] .

The figures from the United Kingdom , acknowledged as they are to be the most accurate , still underestimate the true incidence of infection .
the figures from the united kingdom , [noted] as they are to be the most accurate , still underestimate the true incidence of infection .

When we walked through the door , we were briefly acknowledged .
when we walked through the door , we were briefly [noted] .

This did n't stop the interview from re-surfacing two weeks later in Zigzag wherein Morrissey acknowledged his undying erotic passion for leather car seats , amongst other things … all fairly lightweight banter and all revolving , enticingly ( ? )
this did n't stop the interview from re-surfacing two weeks later in zigzag wherein morrissey [noted] his undying erotic passion for leather car seats , amongst other things … all fairly lightweight banter and all revolving , enticingly ( ? )

It sees that marriage is between two unique persons , whose personhood is acknowledged to come from God .
it sees that marriage is between two unique persons , whose personhood is [noted] to come from god .

It was , as he readily acknowledged , in many ways an unfortunate statement into which he had been pushed by his officials before he had fully mastered the intricacies of the problem .
it was , as he readily [noted] , in many ways an unfortunate statement into which he had been pushed by his officials before he had fully mastered the intricacies of the problem .

What is at stake in this , and in the work of a number of other writers whom Neale acknowledged , is a sensitivity to generic difference as much as to repetition , and , in particular , to generic difference which can not simply be assigned to the magical agency of authorship .
what is at stake in this , and in the work of a number of other writers whom neale [noted] , is a sensitivity to generic difference as much as to repetition , and , in particular , to generic difference which can not simply be assigned to the magical agency of authorship .

The question of difference and singularity was always there for ‘ classical ’ film theory as an underpinning , whether acknowledged or not , for the valorization — and particularly for the legitimation as ‘ progressive ’ — of a popular culture which is produced as product and circulates as commodity .
the question of difference and singularity was always there for ‘ classical ’ film theory as an underpinning , whether [noted] or not , for the valorization — and particularly for the legitimation as ‘ progressive ’ — of a popular culture which is produced as product and circulates as commodity .

The middle-aged mother , however , who has dependants , a job , a mortgage and a car — all the trappings of the standard nuclear family , but without the visible support of the person normally responsible for such things — is generally treated like a rabid dog , something acknowledged as being in the neighbourhood but to be avoided at all costs .
the middle-aged mother , however , who has dependants , a job , a mortgage and a car — all the trappings of the standard nuclear family , but without the visible support of the person normally responsible for such things — is generally treated like a rabid dog , something [noted] as being in the neighbourhood but to be avoided at all costs .

Yesterday , the watermen acknowledged Dick as ‘ one of the best ’ .
yesterday , the watermen [noted] dick as ‘ one of the best ’ .

But yesterday he acknowledged the role of teachers .
but yesterday he [noted] the role of teachers .

But yesterday he acknowledged the role of teachers .
but yesterday he [noted] the role of teachers .

In his lengthy judgment , Mr Justice Simon Brown also acknowledged the ‘ enormous controversy ’ over the scheme .
in his lengthy judgment , mr justice simon brown also [noted] the ‘ enormous controversy ’ over the scheme .

The move , a reflection of the growing anger being felt by ambulance workers around the country , was announced as Health Secretary Kenneth Clarke acknowledged the dispute , now entering its fifteenth week , was unlikely to be settled before Christmas .
the move , a reflection of the growing anger being felt by ambulance workers around the country , was announced as health secretary kenneth clarke [noted] the dispute , now entering its fifteenth week , was unlikely to be settled before christmas .

He acknowledged that ‘ having him loose does raise the potential that he might make more mischief , take to the hills and be very hard to find ’ .
he [noted] that ‘ having him loose does raise the potential that he might make more mischief , take to the hills and be very hard to find ’ .

Mr Patten said this would put Britain in front of Europe but acknowledged that it may be some time before it can be implemented .
mr patten said this would put britain in front of europe but [noted] that it may be some time before it can be implemented .

Within the sport his contribution was always acknowledged ; outside , it never properly was .
within the sport his contribution was always [noted] ; outside , it never properly was .

In the hot debate that followed , the benefits of fuel efficiency and alternative renewable energies sources were argued persuasively by one of the acknowledged international experts in the field , but neither minister appeared to be actually listening to Amory Lovins of the American Rocky Mountain Institute .
in the hot debate that followed , the benefits of fuel efficiency and alternative renewable energies sources were argued persuasively by one of the [noted] international experts in the field , but neither minister appeared to be actually listening to amory lovins of the american rocky mountain institute .

To have the consequences of their finance exposed — and acknowledged before the world — within four months of their budget will be a wonderful lesson .
to have the consequences of their finance exposed — and [noted] before the world — within four months of their budget will be a wonderful lesson .

The importance of this love and its physical demonstration is acknowledged in ceremonies and rituals all over the Indian sub-continent .
the importance of this love and its physical demonstration is [noted] in ceremonies and rituals all over the indian sub-continent .

The employers acknowledged that management should accept responsibility for doing everything possible to keep prices stable or reduce them .
the employers [noted] that management should accept responsibility for doing everything possible to keep prices stable or reduce them .

The employers acknowledged that , in addition to the force of public opinion , another way to curb prices would be to establish a body ( probably a prices commission ) to examine particular prices and report on them publicly .
the employers [noted] that , in addition to the force of public opinion , another way to curb prices would be to establish a body ( probably a prices commission ) to examine particular prices and report on them publicly .

The employers acknowledged that if over a period profits should rise more than incomes , the balance should be redressed by taxation policy .
the employers [noted] that if over a period profits should rise more than incomes , the balance should be redressed by taxation policy .

She acknowledged that ‘ cultural work must be closely combined with political tasks ’ , and went on to prove it by signing three directives on the censorship of libraries between 1920 and 1924 .
she [noted] that ‘ cultural work must be closely combined with political tasks ’ , and went on to prove it by signing three directives on the censorship of libraries between 1920 and 1924 .

In her bedroom now , sipping her whisky , she acknowledged for the first time in her life that if she had to make a list of the happy times , it would properly have to include the hours she had spent with Graham in his garden .
in her bedroom now , sipping her whisky , she [noted] for the first time in her life that if she had to make a list of the happy times , it would properly have to include the hours she had spent with graham in his garden .

By 1983 , although the weaknesses of the programme were increasingly acknowledged within the party , the government 's response was to resort to more authoritarian methods of ‘ policing ’ the villages .
by 1983 , although the weaknesses of the programme were increasingly [noted] within the party , the government 's response was to resort to more authoritarian methods of ‘ policing ’ the villages .

Corruption is now largely acknowledged as an actual or past practice .
corruption is now largely [noted] as an actual or past practice .

President Mobutu of Zaire has publicly objected to not being acknowledged as the seventh richest man in the world .
president mobutu of zaire has publicly objected to not being [noted] as the seventh richest man in the world .

The Chairman acknowledged messages of greeting from Her Majesty The Queen , Patron of the Association ; Her Royal Highness Princess Alice , Duchess of Gloucester , Vice Patron ; Their Royal Highnesses The Duke of Edinburgh and The Prince of Wales , Past Presidents and from some eighty organisations throughout the Commonwealth .
the chairman [noted] messages of greeting from her majesty the queen , patron of the association ; her royal highness princess alice , duchess of gloucester , vice patron ; their royal highnesses the duke of edinburgh and the prince of wales , past presidents and from some eighty organisations throughout the commonwealth .

The Key words in this are ‘ by charitable means ’ and we acknowledged this recently when we appealed for funds for Dowding House under the theme ‘ We honour the dead by helping those who live ’ .
the key words in this are ‘ by charitable means ’ and we [noted] this recently when we appealed for funds for dowding house under the theme ‘ we honour the dead by helping those who live ’ .

An article about this appeared in The Tiger Rag and a copy was sent to Downing Street and duly acknowledged .
an article about this appeared in the tiger rag and a copy was sent to downing street and duly [noted] .

The presence of beetles is acknowledged as an indicator of the general health of the forest .
the presence of beetles is [noted] as an indicator of the general health of the forest .

Simplificate and add lightness was the design philosophy attributed to that acknowledged genius of car design , Colin Chapman .
simplificate and add lightness was the design philosophy attributed to that [noted] genius of car design , colin chapman .

The British Cabinet consists of most of the ruling party 's political ‘ heavyweights ’ , politicians who have either an acknowledged expertise , political following , reputation , or are close to the Prime Minister .
the british cabinet consists of most of the ruling party 's political ‘ heavyweights ’ , politicians who have either an [noted] expertise , political following , reputation , or are close to the prime minister .

Here they are reinvoked to discredit Wilde , yet in a way which still acknowledged him as a threat .
here they are reinvoked to discredit wilde , yet in a way which still [noted] him as a threat .

What is simultaneously acknowledged and denied is that ‘ wholesomeness ’ is not invaded from without so much as corrupted from within .
what is simultaneously [noted] and denied is that ‘ wholesomeness ’ is not invaded from without so much as corrupted from within .

Progressives would willingly remove some of the stigma from homosexuality , and have often acknowledged the homosexual component within the heterosexually identified .
progressives would willingly remove some of the stigma from homosexuality , and have often [noted] the homosexual component within the heterosexually identified .

It is in fact only rarely openly acknowledged by other anthropologists , though the blanket rejection of evolution which is to be found in the work of many seems to imply .
it is in fact only rarely openly [noted] by other anthropologists , though the blanket rejection of evolution which is to be found in the work of many seems to imply .

Professor Akira Fujiwara , an acknowledged expert on the Rape of Nanking who was called as one of the witnesses in the case , said that ‘ in spite of the government 's promise to correct bias in history textbooks , the screening system has actually got worse since the 1982 diplomatic protests .
professor akira fujiwara , an [noted] expert on the rape of nanking who was called as one of the witnesses in the case , said that ‘ in spite of the government 's promise to correct bias in history textbooks , the screening system has actually got worse since the 1982 diplomatic protests .

In what was seen as an important concession to China and condemned by more militant Tibetans as a sell-out , the Dalai Lama effectively acknowledged China 's overall sovereignty and suggested that Tibet become a self-governing region in association with China , a relationship that would leave Peking in control of both foreign policy and defence .
in what was seen as an important concession to china and condemned by more militant tibetans as a sell-out , the dalai lama effectively [noted] china 's overall sovereignty and suggested that tibet become a self-governing region in association with china , a relationship that would leave peking in control of both foreign policy and defence .

Don Ewing , director of operations for Arrow , has acknowledged that the company carried arms from Portugal to the Nicaraguan rebels on at least two occasions in 1984 .
don ewing , director of operations for arrow , has [noted] that the company carried arms from portugal to the nicaraguan rebels on at least two occasions in 1984 .

He acknowledged that it is essential to maintain the balance between basic research and commissioned research .
he [noted] that it is essential to maintain the balance between basic research and commissioned research .

But it is not so generally known and acknowledged that some of them in their day held high positions in the scientific world , nor has sufficient commendation been bestowed upon the whole body for their unselfish zeal in the promotion and encouragement of the study of Natural History , and especially Botany , as an essential element of medical education .
but it is not so generally known and [noted] that some of them in their day held high positions in the scientific world , nor has sufficient commendation been bestowed upon the whole body for their unselfish zeal in the promotion and encouragement of the study of natural history , and especially botany , as an essential element of medical education .

In 1692 he published a Pharmacologia , an early work on drugs and medicines , which showed his wide botanical knowledge and where he gratefully acknowledged help from Sloane , Ray , Sherard , Doody and Petiver .
in 1692 he published a pharmacologia , an early work on drugs and medicines , which showed his wide botanical knowledge and where he gratefully [noted] help from sloane , ray , sherard , doody and petiver .

However , from Blair 's letter it is clear that there was another Mr Miller working at Chelsea as Isaac Rand 's assistant ( acknowledged in the Preface of his Essays ) , hence the resulting confusion .
however , from blair 's letter it is clear that there was another mr miller working at chelsea as isaac rand 's assistant ( [noted] in the preface of his essays ) , hence the resulting confusion .

These ten were leading nurserymen in the London area around 1720 and Miller , writing to Blair the following year , acknowledged their help .
these ten were leading nurserymen in the london area around 1720 and miller , writing to blair the following year , [noted] their help .

All were answered at length in a meticulous hand and , from a closer study of these letters , much can be learned of this gardener who was to be acknowledged as the greatest of his time .
all were answered at length in a meticulous hand and , from a closer study of these letters , much can be learned of this gardener who was to be [noted] as the greatest of his time .

In a lecture on his retirement , caused by illness , in 1729 Boerhaave acknowledged contributions from William and James Sherard , Hans Sloane , Isaac Rand , Philip Miller and many others in Europe : ‘ You have enriched my collection with rare gifts from Bohemia , Transylvanis , Hungaria , the Danube plains , from Frejus , Carinthia , Styria and Illyria ’ .
in a lecture on his retirement , caused by illness , in 1729 boerhaave [noted] contributions from william and james sherard , hans sloane , isaac rand , philip miller and many others in europe : ‘ you have enriched my collection with rare gifts from bohemia , transylvanis , hungaria , the danube plains , from frejus , carinthia , styria and illyria ’ .

Bartram 's Observations on the Inhabitants , Climate , Soil , River , Production : from Pennsylvania to Onodaga , Oswego and the Lake Ontario had been published in London ( 1751 ) , and for the past twenty years he had dispatched his boxes of seeds and plants to be disseminated amongst owners of noteworthy gardens who acknowledged his industry .
bartram 's observations on the inhabitants , climate , soil , river , production : from pennsylvania to onodaga , oswego and the lake ontario had been published in london ( 1751 ) , and for the past twenty years he had dispatched his boxes of seeds and plants to be disseminated amongst owners of noteworthy gardens who [noted] his industry .

On 20 June 1757 , Bartram acknowledged the February letter , together with six cedar cones , parts of the Dictionary and Figures , and confirmed that he had sent the Gale which he believed to be a new genus ; in this he was right , for L'Heritier later founded the genus Comptonia upon it .
on 20 june 1757 , bartram [noted] the february letter , together with six cedar cones , parts of the dictionary and figures , and confirmed that he had sent the gale which he believed to be a new genus ; in this he was right , for l'heritier later founded the genus comptonia upon it .

He mentioned that he sought advice from ‘ the masters ’ for particularly scientific sections , and Boerhaave , Boyle , Blair , Grew , Halley , Hales and Newton are all acknowledged in the text .
he mentioned that he sought advice from ‘ the masters ’ for particularly scientific sections , and boerhaave , boyle , blair , grew , halley , hales and newton are all [noted] in the text .

Although Miller stated that he had collected most of the information from well-known authors and always acknowledged them , there are instances when the first person indicated his own contributions .
although miller stated that he had collected most of the information from well-known authors and always [noted] them , there are instances when the first person indicated his own contributions .

The acknowledged success by all participants in the Bedfordshire scheme led in 1930 to the Carnegie Trust offering to continue the £500 annual grant for a further three-year period to finance a tutor-organiser appointment in another rural area in the District .
the [noted] success by all participants in the bedfordshire scheme led in 1930 to the carnegie trust offering to continue the £500 annual grant for a further three-year period to finance a tutor-organiser appointment in another rural area in the district .

Further , the universities were the acknowledged custodians of academic standards for Tutorial Classes as well as for other courses of broad intellectual and cultural interest .
further , the universities were the [noted] custodians of academic standards for tutorial classes as well as for other courses of broad intellectual and cultural interest .

He acknowledged the great help and encouragement he received from Mr. John Owen , schoolmaster of Wroxeter free school ( not the famous Puritan of the same name ) .
he [noted] the great help and encouragement he received from mr. john owen , schoolmaster of wroxeter free school ( not the famous puritan of the same name ) .

During those long war years , the women in Britain had carried out jobs which only men had carried out previously and the influence of the voice of women had to be acknowledged .
during those long war years , the women in britain had carried out jobs which only men had carried out previously and the influence of the voice of women had to be [noted] .

Internationally , the new Country of the ‘ Kingdom of Serbs , Croats and Slovenes ’ was renamed Yugoslavia , also the Lateran treaties were signed , creating a new , entirely independent , state known as Vatican City , and provided the Papacy with a large endowment as well as embodying a Concordat with the Italian state that acknowledged the end of temporal power .
internationally , the new country of the ‘ kingdom of serbs , croats and slovenes ’ was renamed yugoslavia , also the lateran treaties were signed , creating a new , entirely independent , state known as vatican city , and provided the papacy with a large endowment as well as embodying a concordat with the italian state that [noted] the end of temporal power .

She acknowledged that there could be difficult times ahead .
she [noted] that there could be difficult times ahead .

Both husband and wife acknowledged that joint discussion on farm matters was a useful outcome — a development of Andrew Errington 's ‘ sounding board ’ .
both husband and wife [noted] that joint discussion on farm matters was a useful outcome — a development of andrew errington 's ‘ sounding board ’ .

In all areas visited except Wester Ross video was acknowledged to be an extremely useful aid , particularly for the more isolated farmers .
in all areas visited except wester ross video was [noted] to be an extremely useful aid , particularly for the more isolated farmers .

Those who acknowledged the benefits of training could be expected to look regularly at their farms to identify areas of possible improvement through training .
those who [noted] the benefits of training could be expected to look regularly at their farms to identify areas of possible improvement through training .

All the authorities acknowledged that the most desirable situation would have been a well established developmental role complemented by routine casework services .
all the authorities [noted] that the most desirable situation would have been a well established developmental role complemented by routine casework services .

The Report acknowledged the problems involved in determining the levels of difficulty and complexity in the work that has to be carried out in the social services and the barriers that exist to sharing this work among different kinds of personnel but concluded that ‘ nevertheless , some distinction in work levels is possible and necessary in our view , and this is most practicable where there is close teamwork and an emphasis on ‘ team responsibility ' ’ for cases , ( pp .
the report [noted] the problems involved in determining the levels of difficulty and complexity in the work that has to be carried out in the social services and the barriers that exist to sharing this work among different kinds of personnel but concluded that ‘ nevertheless , some distinction in work levels is possible and necessary in our view , and this is most practicable where there is close teamwork and an emphasis on ‘ team responsibility ' ’ for cases , ( pp .

Clearly , the structure and mode of operation of mixed professional — paraprofessional teams will vary from one setting to another and it needs to be acknowledged that in a variety of situations it would be an inappropriate social service practice model .
clearly , the structure and mode of operation of mixed professional — paraprofessional teams will vary from one setting to another and it needs to be [noted] that in a variety of situations it would be an inappropriate social service practice model .

In these sections the existence of ‘ non-standard families ’ is explicitly acknowledged and the youth department is , for instance , charged with the responsibility of providing a counselling service to divorcing couples ( s. 17 ) focused on the needs of the children which will eventually become obligatory in divorce procedures .
in these sections the existence of ‘ non-standard families ’ is explicitly [noted] and the youth department is , for instance , charged with the responsibility of providing a counselling service to divorcing couples ( s. 17 ) focused on the needs of the children which will eventually become obligatory in divorce procedures .

Being on duty was generally acknowledged by the team to be stressful and disruptive of one 's home life , but the figures indicated that in relation to referral and investigative work at least , the amount of time in active work was not great .
being on duty was generally [noted] by the team to be stressful and disruptive of one 's home life , but the figures indicated that in relation to referral and investigative work at least , the amount of time in active work was not great .

Although nobody ever remarked upon the fact , it was tacitly acknowledged now that Nails slept with Firelight ; he had been discovered by them all at one time or another early in the morning still asleep .
although nobody ever remarked upon the fact , it was tacitly [noted] now that nails slept with firelight ; he had been discovered by them all at one time or another early in the morning still asleep .

His influence on Margaret Thatcher has been acknowledged — particularly his insistence that many problems associated with the quality of life come from low productivity and bad management .
his influence on margaret thatcher has been [noted] — particularly his insistence that many problems associated with the quality of life come from low productivity and bad management .

He acknowledged they were at odds with the Government over the agreement , but said the North Down association would support the party manifesto .
he [noted] they were at odds with the government over the agreement , but said the north down association would support the party manifesto .

The earliest music Hewitt-Jones acknowledged was a cello sonata written in 1951 .
the earliest music hewitt-jones [noted] was a cello sonata written in 1951 .

Sir David acknowledged a demand for political reforms to be speeded up , but hedged on how far Britain would go in backing them .
sir david [noted] a demand for political reforms to be speeded up , but hedged on how far britain would go in backing them .

The third criticism is that the medical basis of the Infanticide Act 1938 is now discredited : the reference to the effect of lactation is without foundation , and it is acknowledged that the social pressures consequent upon the arrival of a new child ( such as financial demands , unsuitable housing , effects on family relationships ) may be just as likely to lead to the mental disturbance manifest in these cases as any condition linked specifically with the event of giving birth .
the third criticism is that the medical basis of the infanticide act 1938 is now discredited : the reference to the effect of lactation is without foundation , and it is [noted] that the social pressures consequent upon the arrival of a new child ( such as financial demands , unsuitable housing , effects on family relationships ) may be just as likely to lead to the mental disturbance manifest in these cases as any condition linked specifically with the event of giving birth .

This trend may in fact be more marked , since it is acknowledged that victims may be considerably reluctant to report , and police to record , offences of violence committed in the home .
this trend may in fact be more marked , since it is [noted] that victims may be considerably reluctant to report , and police to record , offences of violence committed in the home .

Cattle bred by Richard Tudor Jones , acknowledged as one of the best breeders and judges around , are widespread through registered herds .
cattle bred by richard tudor jones , [noted] as one of the best breeders and judges around , are widespread through registered herds .

Tumbleweed stood up and self-consciously acknowledged the cheers , sitting down again quickly .
tumbleweed stood up and self-consciously [noted] the cheers , sitting down again quickly .

He acknowledged the new arrival with a languid wave of the hand .
he [noted] the new arrival with a languid wave of the hand .

‘ Well , there is that , ’ Simon acknowledged .
‘ well , there is that , ’ simon [noted] .

They survive today as an echo , an implicit feeling , rather than an acknowledged principle .
they survive today as an echo , an implicit feeling , rather than an [noted] principle .

In particular , their child-bearing capacity is emphatically acknowledged as the greatest contribution to familial and social welfare .
in particular , their child-bearing capacity is emphatically [noted] as the greatest contribution to familial and social welfare .

How can women who have been taught that their choice in sexual relations is passive , limited to being able to say yes or no when approached by a man , be expected to make a sudden leap into active love-making where their desire is acknowledged , and their pleasure is a definite goal ?
how can women who have been taught that their choice in sexual relations is passive , limited to being able to say yes or no when approached by a man , be expected to make a sudden leap into active love-making where their desire is [noted] , and their pleasure is a definite goal ?

( It is in lesbian writing that one finds a sense of what might be possible if women 's desire was autonomous and acknowledged . )
( it is in lesbian writing that one finds a sense of what might be possible if women 's desire was autonomous and [noted] . )

Many integrated rural development projects have conservation elements built into them , but , judging by evaluation reports , these are acknowledged to be difficult to measure , slow to bring benefits , and are often neglected or abandoned .
many integrated rural development projects have conservation elements built into them , but , judging by evaluation reports , these are [noted] to be difficult to measure , slow to bring benefits , and are often neglected or abandoned .

She acknowledged him and tried to take his bag , which he refused to allow .
she [noted] him and tried to take his bag , which he refused to allow .

They have either demonstrated or explicitly acknowledged influences from Beckett , Nabokov , and Borges , or , within the American tradition , from Kerouac ( himself the heir of such modernists as Thomas Wolfe ) who opened up new possibilities of voice and open structure .
they have either demonstrated or explicitly [noted] influences from beckett , nabokov , and borges , or , within the american tradition , from kerouac ( himself the heir of such modernists as thomas wolfe ) who opened up new possibilities of voice and open structure .

Like Sukenick and Pynchon , Wurlitzer has acknowledged an influence from Kerouac which can be seen in the open structure of his first novel The Octopus ( 1969 : published in America under the title Nog ) .
like sukenick and pynchon , wurlitzer has [noted] an influence from kerouac which can be seen in the open structure of his first novel the octopus ( 1969 : published in america under the title nog ) .

They are acknowledged to have a specific connotation in architecture ; particular moments of contemporary Italian culture , though bearing a local label — that of the ‘ trans-avant-garde ’ ( transavanguardia ) , coined for the visual arts by Achille Bonita Oliva ( 1984 ) , or the philosophical notion of ‘ weak thought ’ ( pensiero debole ) , theorized in a series of books and essays by Gianni Vattimo , Pier Aldo Rovatti and their colleagues ( cf .
they are [noted] to have a specific connotation in architecture ; particular moments of contemporary italian culture , though bearing a local label — that of the ‘ trans-avant-garde ’ ( transavanguardia ) , coined for the visual arts by achille bonita oliva ( 1984 ) , or the philosophical notion of ‘ weak thought ’ ( pensiero debole ) , theorized in a series of books and essays by gianni vattimo , pier aldo rovatti and their colleagues ( cf .

The history of Peru since the conquest consists of such cruelty , contradiction and tragedy : a situation fully acknowledged by the poet Washington Delgado , himself born in Cuzco .
the history of peru since the conquest consists of such cruelty , contradiction and tragedy : a situation fully [noted] by the poet washington delgado , himself born in cuzco .

David acknowledged the complexity of Peru 's problems yet he remained an optimist , becoming most heated when he talked about those who repeated endlessly that Peru was a poor country .
david [noted] the complexity of peru 's problems yet he remained an optimist , becoming most heated when he talked about those who repeated endlessly that peru was a poor country .

It should be acknowledged that eq 3.1 must be viewed as only an approximation to the true state of affairs .
it should be [noted] that eq 3.1 must be viewed as only an approximation to the true state of affairs .

We have already seen that subjects given no pre-training do less well in the test phase than those given initial discrimination training and we have acknowledged that unambiguous interpretation of this difference is impossible .
we have already seen that subjects given no pre-training do less well in the test phase than those given initial discrimination training and we have [noted] that unambiguous interpretation of this difference is impossible .

It should be acknowledged that not all theories of Pavlovian learning are entirely happy with the suggestion that an associatively activated representation can form an excitatory link with the ( directly activated ) representation of some other event .
it should be [noted] that not all theories of pavlovian learning are entirely happy with the suggestion that an associatively activated representation can form an excitatory link with the ( directly activated ) representation of some other event .

This was implicitly acknowledged that same evening by Mrs Thatcher 's appointment of George Younger to run her election campaign .
this was implicitly [noted] that same evening by mrs thatcher 's appointment of george younger to run her election campaign .

It involves a depoliticisation of the citizen , who by definition should in truth be acknowledged to be a political being .
it involves a depoliticisation of the citizen , who by definition should in truth be [noted] to be a political being .

Nor is a duty to promote a sense of national identity and social cohesion universally acknowledged .
nor is a duty to promote a sense of national identity and social cohesion universally [noted] .

The paper 's polling day editorial acknowledged that its values were closer to a modern Conservative Party than to any other .
the paper 's polling day editorial [noted] that its values were closer to a modern conservative party than to any other .

‘ It is a war of position rather than a war of manoeuvre , with both sides dug into opposing trenches unable to break out , ’ acknowledged an aide at the end .
‘ it is a war of position rather than a war of manoeuvre , with both sides dug into opposing trenches unable to break out , ’ [noted] an aide at the end .

By the testimonies of such as rugby 's Gareth Chilcott and boxing 's Frank Bruno , to name but two of many who have acknowledged how sport saved them from going off the rails as youngsters , it can claim an increasingly influential niche in society .
by the testimonies of such as rugby 's gareth chilcott and boxing 's frank bruno , to name but two of many who have [noted] how sport saved them from going off the rails as youngsters , it can claim an increasingly influential niche in society .

It is nearly 20 years since a government White Paper , Sport and Recreation , acknowledged that by ‘ reducing boredom and urban frustration , participation in active recreation contributes to the reduction of hooliganism and delinquency among young people ’ .
it is nearly 20 years since a government white paper , sport and recreation , [noted] that by ‘ reducing boredom and urban frustration , participation in active recreation contributes to the reduction of hooliganism and delinquency among young people ’ .

But he also acknowledged doubts about Labour 's capacity to ignite recovery as he stressed the party 's programme of practical measures was based on what Britain 's successful European competitors had already undertaken .
but he also [noted] doubts about labour 's capacity to ignite recovery as he stressed the party 's programme of practical measures was based on what britain 's successful european competitors had already undertaken .

But he also acknowledged doubts about Labour 's capacity to ignite recovery as he stressed the party 's programme of practical measures was based on what Britain 's successful European competitors had already undertaken .
but he also [noted] doubts about labour 's capacity to ignite recovery as he stressed the party 's programme of practical measures was based on what britain 's successful european competitors had already undertaken .

There will also be considerable implications for hospital transport services , as well as financial implications for the individuals involved , which are not acknowledged by the White Paper .
there will also be considerable implications for hospital transport services , as well as financial implications for the individuals involved , which are not [noted] by the white paper .

He was an ecologist of international significance , widely acknowledged — indeed revered — as the pre-eminent British field botanist of his time , and his prowess was the more remarkable given that he was born , blind in one eye , into a poor Welsh family , that he left school at 14 , and that he spent the first 33 years of his working life as a North Wales quarryman .
he was an ecologist of international significance , widely [noted] — indeed revered — as the pre-eminent british field botanist of his time , and his prowess was the more remarkable given that he was born , blind in one eye , into a poor welsh family , that he left school at 14 , and that he spent the first 33 years of his working life as a north wales quarryman .

What 's more , though it seems not to be generally realized , Pound recognized what had happened and acknowledged it ; he did so in the public welcome he gave to Binyon 's translations of Dante , which employ a very archaic and convoluted diction indeed .
what 's more , though it seems not to be generally realized , pound recognized what had happened and [noted] it ; he did so in the public welcome he gave to binyon 's translations of dante , which employ a very archaic and convoluted diction indeed .

But his self-education had been very thorough , so that he turned himself into a good Latinist and a good Grecian also , as Pound in Confucius to Cummins acknowledged .
but his self-education had been very thorough , so that he turned himself into a good latinist and a good grecian also , as pound in confucius to cummins [noted] .

The break that Pound thus makes , not just with Hardy and James ( his two acknowledged mentors — one English , one American ) , but with a succession of revered masters reaching back to Virgil , is momentous .
the break that pound thus makes , not just with hardy and james ( his two [noted] mentors — one english , one american ) , but with a succession of revered masters reaching back to virgil , is momentous .

One feature of English verse that is scanted by this method , or can be acknowledged only incidentally , is one that every careful reader knows from his or her experience : tempo , the speeding up or slowing down of enunciation , and therefore of apprehension , as we read through a line or through several lines in sequence .
one feature of english verse that is scanted by this method , or can be [noted] only incidentally , is one that every careful reader knows from his or her experience : tempo , the speeding up or slowing down of enunciation , and therefore of apprehension , as we read through a line or through several lines in sequence .

Eliot , distressed , wrote to Wilson and to another of his champions , Gilbert Seldes , protesting that he did not want to be praised at Pound 's expense since be was indebted to Pound ( as indeed his dedication to Pound as il miglior fabbro had elegantly acknowledged ) .
eliot , distressed , wrote to wilson and to another of his champions , gilbert seldes , protesting that he did not want to be praised at pound 's expense since be was indebted to pound ( as indeed his dedication to pound as il miglior fabbro had elegantly [noted] ) .

Authorities have themselves acknowledged fears that ‘ counter-revolutionaries ’ , still at large despite a nationwide crackdown on dissent , might try to sabotage the anniversary .
authorities have themselves [noted] fears that ‘ counter-revolutionaries ’ , still at large despite a nationwide crackdown on dissent , might try to sabotage the anniversary .

Why Derrida has had such a vogue in America is indeed a puzzle , as Searle and others have acknowledged .
why derrida has had such a vogue in america is indeed a puzzle , as searle and others have [noted] .

But it is possible that the Dostoevsky scholar whose book prompted Bayley 's comment might not have understood it — how could an acknowledged great novel , worth writing about at length , be said not to ‘ come off ’ ?
but it is possible that the dostoevsky scholar whose book prompted bayley 's comment might not have understood it — how could an [noted] great novel , worth writing about at length , be said not to ‘ come off ’ ?

Leavis was suspicious of the PhD , though he acknowledged that good work could , in the right circumstances , be produced in that medium , such as his wife 's Fiction and the Reading Public .
leavis was suspicious of the phd , though he [noted] that good work could , in the right circumstances , be produced in that medium , such as his wife 's fiction and the reading public .

Nevertheless , Scholes is right to say that ‘ interpretation is not a pure skill but a discipline deeply dependent on knowledge ’ ; as much was conceded by Richards in Practical Criticism , a fundamental text of the New Criticism , when he acknowledged that those who had not already read enough poetry would read poems badly .
nevertheless , scholes is right to say that ‘ interpretation is not a pure skill but a discipline deeply dependent on knowledge ’ ; as much was conceded by richards in practical criticism , a fundamental text of the new criticism , when he [noted] that those who had not already read enough poetry would read poems badly .

Even Mr Murray , who appeared on television to condemn Peking for its butchery , has since acknowledged that ‘ at the end of the day , we have to live with these guys .
even mr murray , who appeared on television to condemn peking for its butchery , has since [noted] that ‘ at the end of the day , we have to live with these guys .

The change in the Christian community from the largest community to minority status has never been officially acknowledged in Lebanese statistics .
the change in the christian community from the largest community to minority status has never been officially [noted] in lebanese statistics .

‘ That 's good stuff , ’ he acknowledged after he 'd had a deep draught .
‘ that 's good stuff , ’ he [noted] after he 'd had a deep draught .

‘ You were lucky , ’ she acknowledged .
‘ you were lucky , ’ she [noted] .

‘ That 's true enough , ’ he acknowledged .
‘ that 's true enough , ’ he [noted] .

‘ Very nice indeed , ’ she acknowledged , which clearly delighted him .
‘ very nice indeed , ’ she [noted] , which clearly delighted him .

Until this visit he had preferred the instruments of Franz Jakob Späth , but he now acknowledged the superiority of the Stein instruments saying that the escapement action meant that the damping of the keys was so much cleaner .
until this visit he had preferred the instruments of franz jakob späth , but he now [noted] the superiority of the stein instruments saying that the escapement action meant that the damping of the keys was so much cleaner .

The impossibility of guaranteeing adherence to parental wishes was acknowledged by the government in the provisions of the 1980 Education Act .
the impossibility of guaranteeing adherence to parental wishes was [noted] by the government in the provisions of the 1980 education act .

This is a delicate process , as the Committee acknowledged .
this is a delicate process , as the committee [noted] .

This stands in marked contrast to the emphasis on parental responsibility in recent child-care law developments , although it must be acknowledged that in extending parental rights in education the government has been keen to stress the duty of parents to involve themselves in their child 's schooling in various ( often ‘ consumerist ’ ) ways .
this stands in marked contrast to the emphasis on parental responsibility in recent child-care law developments , although it must be [noted] that in extending parental rights in education the government has been keen to stress the duty of parents to involve themselves in their child 's schooling in various ( often ‘ consumerist ’ ) ways .

Rather , he accepts as a sufficient reason for following a prescription the fact that it is prescribed by someone acknowledged by him as entitled to rule .
rather , he accepts as a sufficient reason for following a prescription the fact that it is prescribed by someone [noted] by him as entitled to rule .

The authority is in a better position to achieve ( if its legitimacy is acknowledged ) what the individual has reason to but is in no position to achieve .
the authority is in a better position to achieve ( if its legitimacy is [noted] ) what the individual has reason to but is in no position to achieve .

However , even where it was acknowledged to be still relevant — in the colonies of the European empires — the Congress of the International was no more clear .
however , even where it was [noted] to be still relevant — in the colonies of the european empires — the congress of the international was no more clear .

Errors must be publicly acknowledged , natives recruited at all levels of the administration , and negotiations begun with the Basmachi rebels .
errors must be publicly [noted] , natives recruited at all levels of the administration , and negotiations begun with the basmachi rebels .

The Bolshevik reputation stood high , and rightly so , for at least they acknowledged the question and officially embraced national independence .
the bolshevik reputation stood high , and rightly so , for at least they [noted] the question and officially embraced national independence .

Those who ride the Bay are surfing 's acknowledged aristocracy .
those who ride the bay are surfing 's [noted] aristocracy .

Cumbria has not yet acknowledged the new boundary by a sign .
cumbria has not yet [noted] the new boundary by a sign .

The United States proudly acknowledged the dependence of its founders upon the principles of the ‘ glorious revolution ’ , and continued to express profound regard for the tolerance and fair-mindedness of its erstwhile colonial master .
the united states proudly [noted] the dependence of its founders upon the principles of the ‘ glorious revolution ’ , and continued to express profound regard for the tolerance and fair-mindedness of its erstwhile colonial master .

If a country enacted a bill of rights , then it was likely to be acknowledged as a written but inadequate consolation for the absence of that commitment to liberty which appeared to seep unconsciously and effortlessly through the British system of government .
if a country enacted a bill of rights , then it was likely to be [noted] as a written but inadequate consolation for the absence of that commitment to liberty which appeared to seep unconsciously and effortlessly through the british system of government .

To argue as Bernard Williams does is to suggest that there is no sharp line to be drawn between the arts and the social sciences ; for it is the acknowledged role of the latter to contribute to our understanding of ourselves and our society .
to argue as bernard williams does is to suggest that there is no sharp line to be drawn between the arts and the social sciences ; for it is the [noted] role of the latter to contribute to our understanding of ourselves and our society .

So they returned each to his own country , blessing him for their deliverance , and magnifying his great bounty ; and forthwith they sent him tribute and acknowledged themselves to be his vassals .
so they returned each to his own country , blessing him for their deliverance , and magnifying his great bounty ; and forthwith they sent him tribute and [noted] themselves to be his vassals .

The others acknowledged us cheerily , clearly relieved to have been allowed 30 seconds for a sit-down .
the others [noted] us cheerily , clearly relieved to have been allowed 30 seconds for a sit-down .

Safety and lethargy are two words barely acknowledged by the distinguished traveller , Wilfred Thesiger .
safety and lethargy are two words barely [noted] by the distinguished traveller , wilfred thesiger .

They also acknowledged the amount of luggage deemed necessary and organized baggage transport to take trunks from hotel to hotel while the healthy cyclist rode unencumbered for twenty to fifty miles a day .
they also [noted] the amount of luggage deemed necessary and organized baggage transport to take trunks from hotel to hotel while the healthy cyclist rode unencumbered for twenty to fifty miles a day .

For social reasons , both the degree of concentration of certain acknowledged problems and the extent to which they can be explained by internal processes of self-generation rather externally imposed processes may be grossly exaggerated .
for social reasons , both the degree of concentration of certain [noted] problems and the extent to which they can be explained by internal processes of self-generation rather externally imposed processes may be grossly exaggerated .

It must be acknowledged , even by the most ardent election aficionados , that slogans do n't really make a difference .
it must be [noted] , even by the most ardent election aficionados , that slogans do n't really make a difference .

The Euro-influence comes into its own here ; on the Continent children are acknowledged to exist and are allowed into bars and restaurants , and there are many well-designed features and facilities at Center Parcs to make their stay safe and happy .
the euro-influence comes into its own here ; on the continent children are [noted] to exist and are allowed into bars and restaurants , and there are many well-designed features and facilities at center parcs to make their stay safe and happy .

Her early records reveal a tiny voice , pale in the shadow of her acknowledged influences : Armstrong and Bessie Smith .
her early records reveal a tiny voice , pale in the shadow of her [noted] influences : armstrong and bessie smith .

Equally it has to be acknowledged that misguided and failed protest has added to the sum of human misery .
equally it has to be [noted] that misguided and failed protest has added to the sum of human misery .

The involvement of children as viewers or participants in material classed as indecent or obscene presents a species of harm almost universally acknowledged .
the involvement of children as viewers or participants in material classed as indecent or obscene presents a species of harm almost universally [noted] .

You may be someone who has acknowledged biases and prejudices which are hard to set aside when making decisions , but which might lead you to overlook a suitable candidate if you did not use the job and personnel specifications as your guideline .
you may be someone who has [noted] biases and prejudices which are hard to set aside when making decisions , but which might lead you to overlook a suitable candidate if you did not use the job and personnel specifications as your guideline .

However , it is generally acknowledged that to reduce the consumption of fat in our daily diet will almost certainly reduce the risk of heart disease along with other medical conditions .
however , it is generally [noted] that to reduce the consumption of fat in our daily diet will almost certainly reduce the risk of heart disease along with other medical conditions .

In John Donne 's terms , they had acknowledged each other as ‘ one another 's best ’ , but ‘ saw not what did move ’ .
in john donne 's terms , they had [noted] each other as ‘ one another 's best ’ , but ‘ saw not what did move ’ .

The partners of his firm acknowledged that the back-up had not been sufficient .
the partners of his firm [noted] that the back-up had not been sufficient .

The prospective gains can not be fully harnessed and enjoyed if the losses are not first acknowledged and then mourned .
the prospective gains can not be fully harnessed and enjoyed if the losses are not first [noted] and then mourned .

The most important innovation of the reign , however , was the Mutiny Act , first passed in 1689 , which provided a legal basis for military law , and , since it had to be passed afresh each year , acknowledged , by implication , that a standing army had come to stay .
the most important innovation of the reign , however , was the mutiny act , first passed in 1689 , which provided a legal basis for military law , and , since it had to be passed afresh each year , [noted] , by implication , that a standing army had come to stay .

De Choiseul acknowledged that the invasion depended on securing ‘ the command of the Channel and a superiority in that sea for at least five weeks ’ .
de choiseul [noted] that the invasion depended on securing ‘ the command of the channel and a superiority in that sea for at least five weeks ’ .

The first great and acknowledged object of naval defence … is to maintain such a superior naval force at home , that even the united fleets of France and Spain may never be masters of the Channel … The second naval object with an English minister should be to maintain at all times a powerful western squadron … Without it , the colonies , the commerce , the navigation of Great Britain lie at the mercy of the House of Bourbon .
the first great and [noted] object of naval defence … is to maintain such a superior naval force at home , that even the united fleets of france and spain may never be masters of the channel … the second naval object with an english minister should be to maintain at all times a powerful western squadron … without it , the colonies , the commerce , the navigation of great britain lie at the mercy of the house of bourbon .

Jones 's acknowledged aim was to seize some important person as a hostage to exchange for the American sailors taken prisoner by the Royal Navy , who were imprisoned indefinitely as pirates , and in his own words , ‘ to put an end of burnings in America by making a good fire in England ’ .
jones 's [noted] aim was to seize some important person as a hostage to exchange for the american sailors taken prisoner by the royal navy , who were imprisoned indefinitely as pirates , and in his own words , ‘ to put an end of burnings in america by making a good fire in england ’ .

The Bonhomme Richard suffered 150 killed and wounded , almost half its complement of 322 , while the Serapis acknowledged 49 killed and 68 wounded .
the bonhomme richard suffered 150 killed and wounded , almost half its complement of 322 , while the serapis [noted] 49 killed and 68 wounded .

The next move was to find a chairman from the ranks of the great and the good , someone of acknowledged independence who combined the qualities of Solomon and Job .
the next move was to find a chairman from the ranks of the great and the good , someone of [noted] independence who combined the qualities of solomon and job .

We had wanted two contrasting areas ( more than two would have been preferable of course in terms of the extent to which one could generalise from our findings but the projects would become expensive and it was acknowledged that we could not include more than two ) , and Ipswich and Newham were felt to fill this requirement .
we had wanted two contrasting areas ( more than two would have been preferable of course in terms of the extent to which one could generalise from our findings but the projects would become expensive and it was [noted] that we could not include more than two ) , and ipswich and newham were felt to fill this requirement .

In seven cases there was acknowledged to have been a deterioration in the dependant 's condition , so that the principal carer accepted or had even requested institutional care .
in seven cases there was [noted] to have been a deterioration in the dependant 's condition , so that the principal carer accepted or had even requested institutional care .

It could only get worse for poor Mr Collins as room and meal materialised , but at least he acknowledged of the Cornish in general that they had , ‘ no propensity to jeer at strangers ’ .
it could only get worse for poor mr collins as room and meal materialised , but at least he [noted] of the cornish in general that they had , ‘ no propensity to jeer at strangers ’ .

On the whole they feel such predictions are not justified and , indeed , the evidence is of a much greater degree of fitness and independence than is generally acknowledged .
on the whole they feel such predictions are not justified and , indeed , the evidence is of a much greater degree of fitness and independence than is generally [noted] .

As Caring for People acknowledged , ‘ community care is about the health as well as the social needs of the population .
as caring for people [noted] , ‘ community care is about the health as well as the social needs of the population .

The House of Commons Social Services Committee acknowledged this in 1982 , when it concluded its investigation of flexible retirement policies by recommending that the limit of employment protection for women should be 65 .
the house of commons social services committee [noted] this in 1982 , when it concluded its investigation of flexible retirement policies by recommending that the limit of employment protection for women should be 65 .

Double discrimination is experienced by older disabled people whose needs are not acknowledged and who are denied access to benefits available to younger people .
double discrimination is experienced by older disabled people whose needs are not [noted] and who are denied access to benefits available to younger people .

John Pearson , who appears at the Wine Garden , Alton , on Tuesday , of of the 1960s decade of British blues musicians , acknowledged to be coming of age in the 1990s — their mature talents now best equipped for the task of bringing that conviction to their music that only age and experience can provide .
john pearson , who appears at the wine garden , alton , on tuesday , of of the 1960s decade of british blues musicians , [noted] to be coming of age in the 1990s — their mature talents now best equipped for the task of bringing that conviction to their music that only age and experience can provide .

At this stage the society acknowledged they would have to undertake any work themselves .
at this stage the society [noted] they would have to undertake any work themselves .

Chapman acknowledged the ‘ splendid support ’ that had rallied to the club , but he regarded the Elland Road spectators , in common with other Yorkshire crowds , as too partisan .
chapman [noted] the ‘ splendid support ’ that had rallied to the club , but he regarded the elland road spectators , in common with other yorkshire crowds , as too partisan .

Until a few years ago , the existence of sexual harassment as a genuine problem in many businesses was scarcely acknowledged .
until a few years ago , the existence of sexual harassment as a genuine problem in many businesses was scarcely [noted] .

Uranium mines are know to have an increased incidence of lung cancer owing to exposure to radon , but only recently has the importance of radon in the home been acknowledged .
uranium mines are know to have an increased incidence of lung cancer owing to exposure to radon , but only recently has the importance of radon in the home been [noted] .

It was also acknowledged that it would be necessary to determine which information objects should be indexed , accepting that certain brochures , circulars and so on would probably be excluded from this general requirement .
it was also [noted] that it would be necessary to determine which information objects should be indexed , accepting that certain brochures , circulars and so on would probably be excluded from this general requirement .

The tune was indistinguishable to Thiercelin , who acknowledged himself practically tone deaf .
the tune was indistinguishable to thiercelin , who [noted] himself practically tone deaf .

Meanwhile the logical part of his mind acknowledged that in all the world he could hardly have chosen anyone more hopelessly wrong for him .
meanwhile the logical part of his mind [noted] that in all the world he could hardly have chosen anyone more hopelessly wrong for him .

It was a ritual acknowledged by both sides .
it was a ritual [noted] by both sides .

Your letter will be acknowledged within two working days .
your letter will be [noted] within two working days .

Educational practice in this country has acknowledged the cognitive side of learning but has often neglected the affective side .
educational practice in this country has [noted] the cognitive side of learning but has often neglected the affective side .

Planning is acknowledged as necessary for most activities in life but strangely there is often a blind spot when it comes to planning behaviour . There are a number of reasons for this :
planning is [noted] as necessary for most activities in life but strangely there is often a blind spot when it comes to planning behaviour . there are a number of reasons for this :

In the 1980s it has been acknowledged that the importance of formal ( tripartite ) arrangements at ‘ peak ’ levels has been reduced — indeed it is now often suggested that Britain was always less ‘ corporatist ’ in these terms than countries such as the Federal Republic of Germany , Austria and Sweden .
in the 1980s it has been [noted] that the importance of formal ( tripartite ) arrangements at ‘ peak ’ levels has been reduced — indeed it is now often suggested that britain was always less ‘ corporatist ’ in these terms than countries such as the federal republic of germany , austria and sweden .

As is the norm in social science , yet one rarely acknowledged , what you find depends on where and when and — crucially — how you look .
as is the norm in social science , yet one rarely [noted] , what you find depends on where and when and — crucially — how you look .

The signal was acknowledged and they were advised to hold .
the signal was [noted] and they were advised to hold .

Delaney acknowledged the point , then his face darkened .
delaney [noted] the point , then his face darkened .

Last year around 220,000 race-goers visited the course , which is now acknowledged to have some of the finest facilities in racing .
last year around 220,000 race-goers visited the course , which is now [noted] to have some of the finest facilities in racing .

Lester Lave , an acknowledged master of cancer risk assessment , earns the commendation : ‘ Deepsix him ’ .
lester lave , an [noted] master of cancer risk assessment , earns the commendation : ‘ deepsix him ’ .

Were the cases of poisoning and disease , now acknowledged as extraordinary by virtually all observers , the result of natural contamination or warfare ? Species of pathologists during their investigation .
were the cases of poisoning and disease , now [noted] as extraordinary by virtually all observers , the result of natural contamination or warfare ? species of pathologists during their investigation .

‘ It 's very possible that garages do take people for a ride , ’ acknowledged a spokesman for Kangol , one of the major baby-seat manufacturers .
‘ it 's very possible that garages do take people for a ride , ’ [noted] a spokesman for kangol , one of the major baby-seat manufacturers .

Radioactivity does concentrate in sediments near the drums , many of which have imploded from the pressures 4000 metres down , Osterberg acknowledged .
radioactivity does concentrate in sediments near the drums , many of which have imploded from the pressures 4000 metres down , osterberg [noted] .

The area has encouraged entrepreneurs and investors since the late 1930s when engineering professor , Frederick Terman , the acknowledged ‘ father of Silicon Valley ’ , attracted engineers and scientists from the east and helped them find money for their work .
the area has encouraged entrepreneurs and investors since the late 1930s when engineering professor , frederick terman , the [noted] ‘ father of silicon valley ’ , attracted engineers and scientists from the east and helped them find money for their work .

Western medicine , rooted in science and practised by people with acknowledged medical degrees , is only one of many systems of healing .
western medicine , rooted in science and practised by people with [noted] medical degrees , is only one of many systems of healing .

the traditional heritage is openly acknowledged and utilised .
the traditional heritage is openly [noted] and utilised .

The only valid context for physical sex is marriage , by which is meant a permanent relationship , publicly acknowledged and entered into with mutual promises .
the only valid context for physical sex is marriage , by which is meant a permanent relationship , publicly [noted] and entered into with mutual promises .

The permanent , publicly acknowledged relationship of marriage is the only happy and safe environment for full sexual experience .
the permanent , publicly [noted] relationship of marriage is the only happy and safe environment for full sexual experience .

At the time of our research one of the two most widely acknowledged and apparent problems for Shetlanders was one which was formulated in public and private discussion as good agricultural land going for new ( incomers ' ) housing .
at the time of our research one of the two most widely [noted] and apparent problems for shetlanders was one which was formulated in public and private discussion as good agricultural land going for new ( incomers ' ) housing .

Claverhouse then asked if he was prepared to ‘ take the test ’ — to swear , firstly , that he acknowledged the king as head of the Kirk and , secondly , that he would not bear arms against the king .
claverhouse then asked if he was prepared to ‘ take the test ’ — to swear , firstly , that he [noted] the king as head of the kirk and , secondly , that he would not bear arms against the king .

John said he acknowledged only Christ as supreme head of the Kirk and , in religious matters , would obey only His laws .
john said he [noted] only christ as supreme head of the kirk and , in religious matters , would obey only his laws .

In some countries where religion is not acknowledged to be in any way a necessary part of life , and also to a lesser degree in some where it is , the very important regular holidays , i.e .
in some countries where religion is not [noted] to be in any way a necessary part of life , and also to a lesser degree in some where it is , the very important regular holidays , i.e .

Therefore , those ‘ events ’ which enhanced the desired end must be designated ‘ good ’ , and moved into the position where they are acknowledged to be the very origin of the concept of ‘ goodness ’ .
therefore , those ‘ events ’ which enhanced the desired end must be designated ‘ good ’ , and moved into the position where they are [noted] to be the very origin of the concept of ‘ goodness ’ .

This came into being when the very first change in the first cell took place , and that change , which was the first biochemical action , ultimately proved to have been , or must be acknowledged to have been , taken to initiate the process which would continue indefinitely to produce a living being with an ever-increasing capacity to enjoy life .
this came into being when the very first change in the first cell took place , and that change , which was the first biochemical action , ultimately proved to have been , or must be [noted] to have been , taken to initiate the process which would continue indefinitely to produce a living being with an ever-increasing capacity to enjoy life .

Our very existence proves the first , and the third is acknowledged to be a product of human life .
our very existence proves the first , and the third is [noted] to be a product of human life .

According to this book , contributions of goodness have been made to the Created God , albeit unknowingly , by the countless thousands of individuals who , through many centuries have deliberately lived their lives constantly expanding , supporting and practising those human traits universally acknowledged as virtues .
according to this book , contributions of goodness have been made to the created god , albeit unknowingly , by the countless thousands of individuals who , through many centuries have deliberately lived their lives constantly expanding , supporting and practising those human traits universally [noted] as virtues .

Those events which furthered the process in ( 46 ) are forever preserved , and will in the course of time become acknowledged to be rightly designated ‘ sacred ’ , and be enshrined in the Created God .
those events which furthered the process in ( 46 ) are forever preserved , and will in the course of time become [noted] to be rightly designated ‘ sacred ’ , and be enshrined in the created god .

Recent definitions and descriptions of the reading process have acknowledged and helped to explain its complexity : ‘ Reading is a way of arriving at ideas by looking at print .
recent definitions and descriptions of the reading process have [noted] and helped to explain its complexity : ‘ reading is a way of arriving at ideas by looking at print .

In contrast , fairy stories dealt with ‘ universal human problems ’ and , more importantly , acknowledged that humans are often aggressive , selfish , irrational , anxious , and mortal .
in contrast , fairy stories dealt with ‘ universal human problems ’ and , more importantly , [noted] that humans are often aggressive , selfish , irrational , anxious , and mortal .

In line with this policy , the Eve Report also recommended , shatteringly at the time , that there should be a two-A-level entry standard , and acknowledged that , ‘ in time the normal method of training for the professional examinations or for exempting qualifications will be by way of full time , or sandwich , study .
in line with this policy , the eve report also recommended , shatteringly at the time , that there should be a two-a-level entry standard , and [noted] that , ‘ in time the normal method of training for the professional examinations or for exempting qualifications will be by way of full time , or sandwich , study .

Now , contrary to what he had said in The Economics , he acknowledged that this exchange could only be effected via market relations , i.e .
now , contrary to what he had said in the economics , he [noted] that this exchange could only be effected via market relations , i.e .

In his article ‘ The New Course of Our Economic Policy ’ there had been a retreat from some of the more blatantly utopian ideas of The Economics ; gone was the euphoria ; it was now acknowledged that product exchanges and naturalisation of the economy were not an immediate prospect .
in his article ‘ the new course of our economic policy ’ there had been a retreat from some of the more blatantly utopian ideas of the economics ; gone was the euphoria ; it was now [noted] that product exchanges and naturalisation of the economy were not an immediate prospect .

Finally , we come to the Mozart Variations , Reger 's acknowledged orchestral masterpiece .
finally , we come to the mozart variations , reger 's [noted] orchestral masterpiece .

British music is acknowledged in colourful packaging of Britten , Elgar , Delius , Grainger , Holst , Tippett , Vaughan Williams , Walton and Warlock .
british music is [noted] in colourful packaging of britten , elgar , delius , grainger , holst , tippett , vaughan williams , walton and warlock .

It is a truth universally acknowledged that readers of Business have a wide range of abilities .
it is a truth universally [noted] that readers of business have a wide range of abilities .

The obituaries published in Britain , on the Continent and in America all acknowledged him as the originator of military precision dancing and reported how he had dominated a whole era of show business .
the obituaries published in britain , on the continent and in america all [noted] him as the originator of military precision dancing and reported how he had dominated a whole era of show business .

She was made Head Girl and although it was not acknowledged by anyone in authority , she was already drinking too much .
she was made head girl and although it was not [noted] by anyone in authority , she was already drinking too much .

Mary cycled into Berkeley 's ancient square and acknowledged a cheery greeting from ‘ Old Jesus , ’ the bearded local tramp , who was resting on the Town Hall seat .
mary cycled into berkeley 's ancient square and [noted] a cheery greeting from ‘ old jesus , ’ the bearded local tramp , who was resting on the town hall seat .

Labelling is acknowledged as a complex process involving social norms and values .
labelling is [noted] as a complex process involving social norms and values .

In 1908 , Beveridge , who by now was an acknowledged expert on unemployment and its remedies , joined the Board of Trade as an unestablished civil servant and prepared his first brief for the president , Winston Churchill .
in 1908 , beveridge , who by now was an [noted] expert on unemployment and its remedies , joined the board of trade as an unestablished civil servant and prepared his first brief for the president , winston churchill .

Development finance : The Report acknowledged the crucial role played by the international banks in providing loans and export credits to non-oil LDCs .
development finance : the report [noted] the crucial role played by the international banks in providing loans and export credits to non-oil ldcs .

Within the Ministry of Education this brought shifts of emphasis , and some lowering of sights because of the set-backs and acknowledged mistakes of the past years .
within the ministry of education this brought shifts of emphasis , and some lowering of sights because of the set-backs and [noted] mistakes of the past years .

All but the far right have acknowledged the need to develop a more skilled workforce , since whites can no longer fill the demand .
all but the far right have [noted] the need to develop a more skilled workforce , since whites can no longer fill the demand .

It became an industry in itself and the tourist industry is now acknowledged as an essential part of the Scottish economy .
it became an industry in itself and the tourist industry is now [noted] as an essential part of the scottish economy .

Leaving aside our personal addiction , we have acknowledged ( as parents ) the convenience it represents as an electronic nanny ; also the entertainment it provides ( leaving precious time for parents to do chores and entertain themselves ) .
leaving aside our personal addiction , we have [noted] ( as parents ) the convenience it represents as an electronic nanny ; also the entertainment it provides ( leaving precious time for parents to do chores and entertain themselves ) .

but states that ‘ there is , therefore always a presumption in favour of allowing applications for development having regard to all material considerations , unless that development would cause demonstrable harm to interests of acknowledged importance ’ .
but states that ‘ there is , therefore always a presumption in favour of allowing applications for development having regard to all material considerations , unless that development would cause demonstrable harm to interests of [noted] importance ’ .

Millones ( 1982 ) believes that the value of the soil as a resource was fully acknowledged by the Incas and is reflected in the many thousands of hectares that were contour terraced and irrigated by water stored in artificial lakes ( chochas ) .
millones ( 1982 ) believes that the value of the soil as a resource was fully [noted] by the incas and is reflected in the many thousands of hectares that were contour terraced and irrigated by water stored in artificial lakes ( chochas ) .

They should have placed at their disposal Inigo Jones 's original designs for Whitehall Palace , ‘ which are of acknowledged beauty ’ .
they should have placed at their disposal inigo jones 's original designs for whitehall palace , ‘ which are of [noted] beauty ’ .

Trevelyan , on behalf of the Lords of the Treasury , acknowledged Hall 's draft Bill on 5th December , 1856 , but said that the Government would not be committed to asking Parliament for the necessary funds during the ensuring year , and : .
trevelyan , on behalf of the lords of the treasury , [noted] hall 's draft bill on 5th december , 1856 , but said that the government would not be committed to asking parliament for the necessary funds during the ensuring year , and : .

For the past twenty years he had been trying to show the ‘ educated classes ’ the merits of Gothic and now found them acknowledged ‘ by the highest authorities in the land ’ .
for the past twenty years he had been trying to show the ‘ educated classes ’ the merits of gothic and now found them [noted] ‘ by the highest authorities in the land ’ .

Scientists are concerned that their increasing use may be having a damaging effect on river and animal life , although it is acknowledged that only a small proportion of the phosphate in our rivers and lakes comes from domestic sources .
scientists are concerned that their increasing use may be having a damaging effect on river and animal life , although it is [noted] that only a small proportion of the phosphate in our rivers and lakes comes from domestic sources .

Providing patients with information on admission to hospital and throughout their stay may be acknowledged as an important part of nursing but frequently , discharge is a very rushed affair .
providing patients with information on admission to hospital and throughout their stay may be [noted] as an important part of nursing but frequently , discharge is a very rushed affair .

Piaget acknowledged the emotional function of play , and he agreed that through pretending , children become familiar with social-role possibilities .
piaget [noted] the emotional function of play , and he agreed that through pretending , children become familiar with social-role possibilities .

In the 1970s the artist Yolanda Lopez created a memorable image of working mothers by painting a garment worker at a sewing machine within the recognizable blue shield background that is easily acknowledged as the emblem of La Virgen de Guadalupe .
in the 1970s the artist yolanda lopez created a memorable image of working mothers by painting a garment worker at a sewing machine within the recognizable blue shield background that is easily [noted] as the emblem of la virgen de guadalupe .

France is internationally acknowledged to be a leader in high technology and is happy to share its pride in these advances .
france is internationally [noted] to be a leader in high technology and is happy to share its pride in these advances .

The Edinburgh International Festival ( held annually since 1947 ) is acknowledged as one of the world ’ s most important arts festivals .
the edinburgh international festival ( held annually since 1947 ) is [noted] as one of the world ’ s most important arts festivals .

Nominally these kingdoms acknowledged an elected High King , with his seat at fabled Tara , as overlord .
nominally these kingdoms [noted] an elected high king , with his seat at fabled tara , as overlord .

The left wall is allegorical , devoted to the bankers ’ widely acknowledged virtues , Prudence , Justice , Fortitude , and Temperance , while religious themes invoke their piety on the other walls .
the left wall is allegorical , devoted to the bankers ’ widely [noted] virtues , prudence , justice , fortitude , and temperance , while religious themes invoke their piety on the other walls .

The most dramatic recent changes in the relationship between Arab and Jew became public in 1993 when the Oslo peace accord was finally made between former enemies , the PLO ( acknowledged representative of the Palestinian people ) and the Israeli government .
the most dramatic recent changes in the relationship between arab and jew became public in 1993 when the oslo peace accord was finally made between former enemies , the plo ( [noted] representative of the palestinian people ) and the israeli government .

Officially acknowledged as one of the most beautiful villages in France , it is also one of the major tourist attractions and can be unpleasantly crowded in midsummer .
officially [noted] as one of the most beautiful villages in france , it is also one of the major tourist attractions and can be unpleasantly crowded in midsummer .

Biarritz is perhaps the best-known town in the Basque country , but Bayonne is the acknowledged capital of the region .
biarritz is perhaps the best-known town in the basque country , but bayonne is the [noted] capital of the region .

The following year , acting with what Prime Minister Antonio Salandra acknowledged to be “ sacro egoismo , ” Italy signed a secret treaty to enter the war on the side of Britain , France , and Russia in exchange for the post-war annexation of Austrian-held Trento , South Tyrol ( now Alto Adige ) , and Trieste .
the following year , acting with what prime minister antonio salandra [noted] to be “ sacro egoismo , ” italy signed a secret treaty to enter the war on the side of britain , france , and russia in exchange for the post-war annexation of austrian-held trento , south tyrol ( now alto adige ) , and trieste .

Kanha Kanha is famo us , widely acknowledged as the best place for seeing an Indian tiger in the wild .
kanha kanha is famo us , widely [noted] as the best place for seeing an indian tiger in the wild .

Nevertheless , the enlightened Athenians acknowledged Crete as a source of much of their culture , and its caves and shrines were major centers of pilgrimage .
nevertheless , the enlightened athenians [noted] crete as a source of much of their culture , and its caves and shrines were major centers of pilgrimage .

You are sure to find your own favorites , but here are a few acknowledged highlights .
you are sure to find your own favorites , but here are a few [noted] highlights .

Being acknowledged by his peers was a thrill , Zucker said , but his greatest honor comes from earning praise from his students .
being [noted] by his peers was a thrill , zucker said , but his greatest honor comes from earning praise from his students .

Dudovitz acknowledged that the acrimonious transition may not have been ideal for clients but said the range of services now available to them will more than compensate for any lapse of services .
dudovitz [noted] that the acrimonious transition may not have been ideal for clients but said the range of services now available to them will more than compensate for any lapse of services .

Organizers of the conference acknowledged that much of the discussion at the event will center on how to use resources most effectively on a shoestring budget .
organizers of the conference [noted] that much of the discussion at the event will center on how to use resources most effectively on a shoestring budget .

Ruth Ann Schmitt , executive director of the Lawyers Trust Fund , which is covering some of the costs of the gathering , acknowledged that the legal aid community faces many problems but said the meeting could give attorneys a morale boost .
ruth ann schmitt , executive director of the lawyers trust fund , which is covering some of the costs of the gathering , [noted] that the legal aid community faces many problems but said the meeting could give attorneys a morale boost .

Wallace 's commitment has been acknowledged .
wallace 's commitment has been [noted] .

Thorne acknowledged that his staff 's lack of familiarity with a new computer system led to `` some '' duplicate files , but said database training and increased oversight by supervisors addressed the problem .
thorne [noted] that his staff 's lack of familiarity with a new computer system led to `` some '' duplicate files , but said database training and increased oversight by supervisors addressed the problem .

It is acknowledged that treatment must have documented efficacy in particular populations of patients .
it is [noted] that treatment must have documented efficacy in particular populations of patients .

He was not sure if `` referral '' could be included every time , but acknowledged that it is a vital part of the work .
he was not sure if `` referral '' could be included every time , but [noted] that it is a vital part of the work .

Gentilello acknowledged that there is a demand problem .
gentilello [noted] that there is a demand problem .

Thus , in Eastland v. United States Servicemen 's Fund , 421 U.S. 491 , 504 n. 15 ( 1975 ) , the Court stated that the scope of Congress « power of inquiry ƒis as penetrating and far-reaching as the potential power to enact and appropriate under the Constitution.≈ section 712 grants GAO broad authority to investigate all matters related to the use of public money and necessarily includes the agency processes in implementing programs.14 While generally asserting that GAO lacks authority to do this review , the Vice President has acknowledged GAO « s authority in one area , agreeing that we can look into the direct and indirect expenses of the NEPDG under section 712 .
thus , in eastland v. united states servicemen 's fund , 421 u.s. 491 , 504 n. 15 ( 1975 ) , the court stated that the scope of congress « power of inquiry ƒis as penetrating and far-reaching as the potential power to enact and appropriate under the constitution.≈ section 712 grants gao broad authority to investigate all matters related to the use of public money and necessarily includes the agency processes in implementing programs.14 while generally asserting that gao lacks authority to do this review , the vice president has [noted] gao « s authority in one area , agreeing that we can look into the direct and indirect expenses of the nepdg under section 712 .

Participants acknowledged that accounting standards have changed to capture fair value in addition to historical value , resulting in a model that is now a mixture of the two , whereas the original financial statement model was based solely on historical costs .
participants [noted] that accounting standards have changed to capture fair value in addition to historical value , resulting in a model that is now a mixture of the two , whereas the original financial statement model was based solely on historical costs .

Considerations for Moving toward a Comprehensive Financial Reporting Model Participants acknowledged that financial reporting , in addition to being largely driven by the accounting profession , also has been driven by the legal system , resulting in an overload of information that is too complex and not easily understood .
considerations for moving toward a comprehensive financial reporting model participants [noted] that financial reporting , in addition to being largely driven by the accounting profession , also has been driven by the legal system , resulting in an overload of information that is too complex and not easily understood .

The participants acknowledged that the financial audit process is largely driven by the accounting profession and suggested that the profession needs to spend more time understanding what the demand side ( investors and other users of financial information ) needs and wants from auditors .
the participants [noted] that the financial audit process is largely driven by the accounting profession and suggested that the profession needs to spend more time understanding what the demand side ( investors and other users of financial information ) needs and wants from auditors .

Determine whether the appropriate userrepresentative has formally acknowledged the completion of testing and acceptance of the system .
determine whether the appropriate userrepresentative has formally [noted] the completion of testing and acceptance of the system .

Participants shared experiences about these transformations and acknowledged the benefits of reconfiguration , as programs complete the critical work of reorganization .
participants shared experiences about these transformations and [noted] the benefits of reconfiguration , as programs complete the critical work of reorganization .

Because PM has been acknowledged to be an important and pervasive pollutant , models that include some measure of PM are highly preferred to those that do not .
because pm has been [noted] to be an important and pervasive pollutant , models that include some measure of pm are highly preferred to those that do not .

They further reported advising these firefighters to evacuate , but said that at times they were not acknowledged .
they further reported advising these firefighters to evacuate , but said that at times they were not [noted] .

The Port Authority has acknowledged that in the future , tenants should be made aware of what conditions they will encounter during descent .
the port authority has [noted] that in the future , tenants should be made aware of what conditions they will encounter during descent .

As defined by statute , covert action `` means an activity or activities of the United States Government to influence political , economic , or military conditions abroad , where it is intended that the role of the United States Government will not be apparent or acknowledged publicly , but does not include- ( 1 ) activities the primary purpose of which is to acquire intelligence [ . ] ''
as defined by statute , covert action `` means an activity or activities of the united states government to influence political , economic , or military conditions abroad , where it is intended that the role of the united states government will not be apparent or [noted] publicly , but does not include- ( 1 ) activities the primary purpose of which is to acquire intelligence [ . ] ''

Executive Order 12333 , titled `` United States Intelligence Activities , '' terms covert action `` special activities , '' defined as `` activities conducted in support of national foreign policy objectives abroad which are planned and executed so that the role of the United States Government is not apparent or acknowledged publicly , and functions in support of such activities [ . ] ''
executive order 12333 , titled `` united states intelligence activities , '' terms covert action `` special activities , '' defined as `` activities conducted in support of national foreign policy objectives abroad which are planned and executed so that the role of the united states government is not apparent or [noted] publicly , and functions in support of such activities [ . ] ''

Eventually Libya acknowledged its responsibility .
eventually libya [noted] its responsibility .

Briefing papers prepared by the Counterterrorist Center acknowledged that hitches might develop .
briefing papers prepared by the counterterrorist center [noted] that hitches might develop .

He acknowledged that in retrospect , this was a dangerous assumption .
he [noted] that in retrospect , this was a dangerous assumption .

While he believed the details of Clarke 's account to be incorrect , President Bush acknowledged that he might well have spoken to Clarke at some point , asking him about Iraq .
while he believed the details of clarke 's account to be incorrect , president bush [noted] that he might well have spoken to clarke at some point , asking him about iraq .

He reported that at the time , the attorney general acknowledged a `` steep learning curve , '' and asked about the progress of the Cole investigation .
he reported that at the time , the attorney general [noted] a `` steep learning curve , '' and asked about the progress of the cole investigation .

Indeed , KSM has acknowledged that Bin Ladin likely agreed to meet with him because of the renown of his nephew , Yousef .
indeed , ksm has [noted] that bin ladin likely agreed to meet with him because of the renown of his nephew , yousef .

He acknowledged , however , that perhaps there had been a letdown for his overworked staff after the extreme tension and long hours in the period of the millennium alert .
he [noted] , however , that perhaps there had been a letdown for his overworked staff after the extreme tension and long hours in the period of the millennium alert .

Senguen has only acknowledged that she and Jarrah were engaged .
senguen has only [noted] that she and jarrah were engaged .

In the following months , as the truth became clear , some leading Saudis quietly acknowledged the problem but still did not see their own regime as threatened , and thus often did not respond promptly to U.S. requests for help .
in the following months , as the truth became clear , some leading saudis quietly [noted] the problem but still did not see their own regime as threatened , and thus often did not respond promptly to u.s. requests for help .

At that same time , American 11 had its last routine communication with the ground when it acknowledged navigational instructions from the FAA 's air traffic control ( ATC ) center in Boston .
at that same time , american 11 had its last routine communication with the ground when it [noted] navigational instructions from the faa 's air traffic control ( atc ) center in boston .

That message and all subsequent attempts to contact the flight were not acknowledged .
that message and all subsequent attempts to contact the flight were not [noted] .

At 9:27 , after having been in the air for 45 minutes , United 93 acknowledged a transmission from the Cleveland Center controller .
at 9:27 , after having been in the air for 45 minutes , united 93 [noted] a transmission from the cleveland center controller .

Very close to some of the arguments discussed here , and generously acknowledged , is the idea developed by Jones , Lawton , and colleagues of ecosystem engineers , species that have a major impact on the abiotic environment experienced by a large number of species .
very close to some of the arguments discussed here , and generously [noted] , is the idea developed by jones , lawton , and colleagues of ecosystem engineers , species that have a major impact on the abiotic environment experienced by a large number of species .

Because single-mean measures of population health mask inequalities among the best-off and worst-off , the health of vulnerable populations is not effectively documented and acknowledged .
because single-mean measures of population health mask inequalities among the best-off and worst-off , the health of vulnerable populations is not effectively documented and [noted] .

Every Individual Matters Despite the acknowledged importance of counting everyone , only 57 of the 192 WHO member states , almost all of which are developed countries , have vital registration systems that report on births and deaths for at least 90 % of the population .
every individual matters despite the [noted] importance of counting everyone , only 57 of the 192 who member states , almost all of which are developed countries , have vital registration systems that report on births and deaths for at least 90 % of the population .

Other studies have already shown the potential of co-artemether combination therapy to both cure malaria and reduce gametocyte carriage , acknowledged the authors .
other studies have already shown the potential of co-artemether combination therapy to both cure malaria and reduce gametocyte carriage , [noted] the authors .

It is universally acknowledged , however , both that reproductive character displacement can be caused by processes other than reinforcement , and that reinforcement can occur without leaving this signature ( e.g. , when population ranges are completely sympatric ) .
it is universally [noted] , however , both that reproductive character displacement can be caused by processes other than reinforcement , and that reinforcement can occur without leaving this signature ( e.g. , when population ranges are completely sympatric ) .

These are acknowledged by Hebert et al .
these are [noted] by hebert et al .

Gold 's pioneering work is now acknowledged to be a harbinger of Kemp 's discoveries .
gold 's pioneering work is now [noted] to be a harbinger of kemp 's discoveries .

If every biologist who plotted data on x–y coordinates acknowledged the contribution of Descartes to biological understanding , the key role of mathematics in biology would be uncontested .
if every biologist who plotted data on x–y coordinates [noted] the contribution of descartes to biological understanding , the key role of mathematics in biology would be uncontested .

The task force acknowledged that the issue of institutional financial self interests is extraordinarily complex and sensitive , since it touches the very core of institutional autonomy .
the task force [noted] that the issue of institutional financial self interests is extraordinarily complex and sensitive , since it touches the very core of institutional autonomy .

The fact that an inventor has mixed motives for developing a new treatment has always been acknowledged .
the fact that an inventor has mixed motives for developing a new treatment has always been [noted] .

However , without the least bit of acknowledged irony , medical journals have begun publishing articles about how pharmaceutical industry advertising and marketing drives clinical practice in nonrational ways while at the same time publishing the very advertisements they critique .
however , without the least bit of [noted] irony , medical journals have begun publishing articles about how pharmaceutical industry advertising and marketing drives clinical practice in nonrational ways while at the same time publishing the very advertisements they critique .

If human smell perception is better than we thought , it may have played a more important role in human evolution than is usually acknowledged .
if human smell perception is better than we thought , it may have played a more important role in human evolution than is usually [noted] .

Despite the acknowledged limitations , NAMCS and NHAMCS cover a longer consecutive time span and provide more complete information about disease-specific physician activities than many other national data bases , e.g. , the Medical Expenditures Panel Survey , the National Health Assessment Nutrition Examination Survey , and the National Health Interview Survey .
despite the [noted] limitations , namcs and nhamcs cover a longer consecutive time span and provide more complete information about disease-specific physician activities than many other national data bases , e.g. , the medical expenditures panel survey , the national health assessment nutrition examination survey , and the national health interview survey .

Corporate contributors will be acknowledged in our newsletter , annual report and on the Indy Reads webpage .
corporate contributors will be [noted] in our newsletter , annual report and on the indy reads webpage .

The story is stuffed at USAT , off-leads at the LAT , and is fronted below the fold at the Washington Post , which goes instead with an independent investigating panel 's findings that nearly 54,000 dormant Swiss bank accounts , in the aggregate worth as much as $ 1.3 billion , contain funds linkable to Holocaust victims , many more accounts worth much more money than the banks ever previously acknowledged .
the story is stuffed at usat , off-leads at the lat , and is fronted below the fold at the washington post , which goes instead with an independent investigating panel 's findings that nearly 54,000 dormant swiss bank accounts , in the aggregate worth as much as $ 1.3 billion , contain funds linkable to holocaust victims , many more accounts worth much more money than the banks ever previously [noted] .

Though various analyses have suggested that Bradley 's health-care plan may require more funding than Bradley has yet acknowledged in order to be effective , Bradley has offered a plausible plan to pay for his proposal out of projected budget surpluses .
though various analyses have suggested that bradley 's health-care plan may require more funding than bradley has yet [noted] in order to be effective , bradley has offered a plausible plan to pay for his proposal out of projected budget surpluses .

However , despite Clinton 's terse and limited responses , he did provide some fresh tidbits for the Committee to mull : The NYT says that Clinton 's responses marked the first time he had acknowledged discussing methods for handling the Lewinsky matter with Dick Morris , his political advisor , shortly after the story broke in January .
however , despite clinton 's terse and limited responses , he did provide some fresh tidbits for the committee to mull : the nyt says that clinton 's responses marked the first time he had [noted] discussing methods for handling the lewinsky matter with dick morris , his political advisor , shortly after the story broke in january .

Greenspan acknowledged that the Fed 's action raised the problem of moral hazard , which is , explains the Times , that rescuing those who make risky investments only encourages more of the same .
greenspan [noted] that the fed 's action raised the problem of moral hazard , which is , explains the times , that rescuing those who make risky investments only encourages more of the same .

The officials add however that U.S. acts against terrorism , unlike say , the CIA assassination plots against Castro , must be publicly acknowledged afterwards .
the officials add however that u.s. acts against terrorism , unlike say , the cia assassination plots against castro , must be publicly [noted] afterwards .

That unit is now generally acknowledged to be a drain on the company 's stock price , and so Monsanto shareholders have been hoping for a full spin-off .
that unit is now generally [noted] to be a drain on the company 's stock price , and so monsanto shareholders have been hoping for a full spin-off .

It is also fitting that the character chosen by the authors of Shakespeare in Charge : The Bard 's Guide to Leading and Succeeding on the Business Stage as a role model for CEOs is Henry V. Hal , as he is called , is widely acknowledged to be the playwright 's most Machiavellian hero .
it is also fitting that the character chosen by the authors of shakespeare in charge : the bard 's guide to leading and succeeding on the business stage as a role model for ceos is henry v. hal , as he is called , is widely [noted] to be the playwright 's most machiavellian hero .

It acknowledged , however , that three `` stars '' of the affair had emerged with credit : Monica Lewinsky `` who showed some class in her testimony ... and who refused to surrender to the bullying of Mr. Starr 's witchfinder-general '' ; the U.S. Constitution , which `` showed it is robust enough to survive even the madness of 1990s puritanism '' ; and the American people , who held their nerve throughout and `` were able to distinguish between the President and the man , accepting one even as they acknowledged the flaws in the other . ''
it [noted] , however , that three `` stars '' of the affair had emerged with credit : monica lewinsky `` who showed some class in her testimony ... and who refused to surrender to the bullying of mr. starr 's witchfinder-general '' ; the u.s. constitution , which `` showed it is robust enough to survive even the madness of 1990s puritanism '' ; and the american people , who held their nerve throughout and `` were able to distinguish between the president and the man , accepting one even as they [noted] the flaws in the other . ''

One of the few truths universally acknowledged about Flytrap is that presidential secretary Betty Currie deserves our sympathy : an honest , loyal civil servant dragooned into a scandal she had nothing to do with .
one of the few truths universally [noted] about flytrap is that presidential secretary betty currie deserves our sympathy : an honest , loyal civil servant dragooned into a scandal she had nothing to do with .

This theory is now treated as acknowledged fact .
this theory is now treated as [noted] fact .

Whether or not Brill thinks such a prohibition makes sense -- I look forward to 20,000 words on the topic in a future issue of Brill 's Content -- he should have disclosed this fact , as he acknowledged when busted .
whether or not brill thinks such a prohibition makes sense -- i look forward to 20,000 words on the topic in a future issue of brill 's content -- he should have disclosed this fact , as he [noted] when busted .

The Times acknowledged too late that it did not know how much information was stolen or whether it had any impact on China 's nuclear program .
the times [noted] too late that it did not know how much information was stolen or whether it had any impact on china 's nuclear program .

Brown acknowledged a link between her departure from The New Yorker last summer and the death of her mother from cancer six days beforehand : `` [ S ] he kept telling me that I did n't have enough fun .
brown [noted] a link between her departure from the new yorker last summer and the death of her mother from cancer six days beforehand : `` [ s ] he kept telling me that i did n't have enough fun .

I found your comments more interesting than your earlier ones , mainly because you acknowledged liking some of the artists in the show .
i found your comments more interesting than your earlier ones , mainly because you [noted] liking some of the artists in the show .

Envy did n't just become a deadly sin when its existence was acknowledged by the New York Times .
envy did n't just become a deadly sin when its existence was [noted] by the new york times .

NASA later acknowledged that the shuttle suffered a hydrogen leak and a short-circuit as it took off .
nasa later [noted] that the shuttle suffered a hydrogen leak and a short-circuit as it took off .

He acknowledged his mistake but also said , 'Do n't forget , I 'm a three-time N.B.A .
he [noted] his mistake but also said , 'do n't forget , i 'm a three-time n.b.a .

Parents understandably felt under pressure , and Spock was the rare expert who acknowledged their bewilderment .
parents understandably felt under pressure , and spock was the rare expert who [noted] their bewilderment .

Clinton denied the affair , and it was n't until this year that we learned his denial was a lie : During his Jones deposition , Clinton acknowledged that he had had sex with Flowers -- though he says it happened only once .
clinton denied the affair , and it was n't until this year that we learned his denial was a lie : during his jones deposition , clinton [noted] that he had had sex with flowers -- though he says it happened only once .

Mansfield acknowledged Slate 's growly legal language was much harder to find , but said that when you read it , it was `` frankly more ominous '' than Metabolife 's growly legal language .
mansfield [noted] slate 's growly legal language was much harder to find , but said that when you read it , it was `` frankly more ominous '' than metabolife 's growly legal language .

More significant , when I questioned Hatfield about his sources , he acknowledged that some of what he says about them in the book is n't true .
more significant , when i questioned hatfield about his sources , he [noted] that some of what he says about them in the book is n't true .

Another Quindlen-like figure was William Allen White , the great turn-of-the-century editor of the Emporia , Kansas , Gazette , who deployed his aw-shucks tone to attack heartland know-nothingism and populism , but whose greatest column is widely acknowledged to be his elegy to his daughter , who died after she ran into a low-hanging branch while riding a horse .
another quindlen-like figure was william allen white , the great turn-of-the-century editor of the emporia , kansas , gazette , who deployed his aw-shucks tone to attack heartland know-nothingism and populism , but whose greatest column is widely [noted] to be his elegy to his daughter , who died after she ran into a low-hanging branch while riding a horse .

Doing a bit more research , I discover that in my own column I included a long sidebar which acknowledged that , while the precise numbers are in dispute , China certainly does run a large bilateral surplus vis-à-vis the United States , and tried to discuss the economic meaning of that surplus .
doing a bit more research , i discover that in my own column i included a long sidebar which [noted] that , while the precise numbers are in dispute , china certainly does run a large bilateral surplus vis-à-vis the united states , and tried to discuss the economic meaning of that surplus .

I would like to have the point acknowledged .
i would like to have the point [noted] .

It is a truth universally acknowledged that a man in possession of a good fortune should not upon returning from his honeymoon let his wife work out at the gym with Jerry Seinfeld .
it is a truth universally [noted] that a man in possession of a good fortune should not upon returning from his honeymoon let his wife work out at the gym with jerry seinfeld .

The other admission : Vacco acknowledged that he was virtually guilty of murdering Buffalo doctor Barnett Slepian , `` just as if I 'd pulled the trigger myself . ''
the other admission : vacco [noted] that he was virtually guilty of murdering buffalo doctor barnett slepian , `` just as if i 'd pulled the trigger myself . ''

Far from denying Clinton 's triumph , conservative pundits and politicians graciously acknowledged it .
far from denying clinton 's triumph , conservative pundits and politicians graciously [noted] it .

According to the Post , `` one Clinton adviser acknowledged that Clinton had been encouraging enough about the Pollard case in a vague way that the Israelis could have heard a pledge that was never precisely made . ''
according to the post , `` one clinton adviser [noted] that clinton had been encouraging enough about the pollard case in a vague way that the israelis could have heard a pledge that was never precisely made . ''

He later acknowledged that `` nuclear engineer '' was a more just description of his academic qualifications .
he later [noted] that `` nuclear engineer '' was a more just description of his academic qualifications .

News outlets declared it `` potentially fatal '' but acknowledged in the fine print that he 'll probably come out fine .
news outlets declared it `` potentially fatal '' but [noted] in the fine print that he 'll probably come out fine .

The Washington Post , while warning that a recession is inevitable , acknowledged that such warnings have lost almost all credibility : Economists `` worry that the news is too good to last -- and then it does . ''
the washington post , while warning that a recession is inevitable , [noted] that such warnings have lost almost all credibility : economists `` worry that the news is too good to last -- and then it does . ''

The general acknowledged that some of his troops might be allying themselves with violent anti-independence militia groups .
the general [noted] that some of his troops might be allying themselves with violent anti-independence militia groups .

A senior French commander acknowledged that peacekeeping officials suspect Serbian paramilitaries are permeating northern Kosovo and stirring up unrest .
a senior french commander [noted] that peacekeeping officials suspect serbian paramilitaries are permeating northern kosovo and stirring up unrest .

In his speech on Friday , though , Greenspan acknowledged that market prices are determined by `` millions of investors , many of whom are highly knowledgeable about the prospects for the specific companies '' that make up the market indices .
in his speech on friday , though , greenspan [noted] that market prices are determined by `` millions of investors , many of whom are highly knowledgeable about the prospects for the specific companies '' that make up the market indices .

The 1923 border was acknowledged internationally after the League of Nations 1922 Mandate for Palestine authorized Britain to set up a Jewish homeland west of the Jordan River .
the 1923 border was [noted] internationally after the league of nations 1922 mandate for palestine authorized britain to set up a jewish homeland west of the jordan river .

It linked black family decline to bad social welfare policy years before most Democrats acknowledged the issue .
it linked black family decline to bad social welfare policy years before most democrats [noted] the issue .

Lehrer ( age 62 ) obliquely acknowledged this milestone when he won the debate assignment .
lehrer ( age 62 ) obliquely [noted] this milestone when he won the debate assignment .

It is a truth universally acknowledged that Rupert Murdoch is scum .
it is a truth universally [noted] that rupert murdoch is scum .

The Clinton administration and congressional Democrats , less gung-ho about the program than the Republicans , have reluctantly acknowledged that a `` limited system '' might be necessary sooner rather than later to protect the United States from such `` rogue nations '' as North Korea and Iran .
the clinton administration and congressional democrats , less gung-ho about the program than the republicans , have reluctantly [noted] that a `` limited system '' might be necessary sooner rather than later to protect the united states from such `` rogue nations '' as north korea and iran .

Chase-Riboud acknowledged her debt to the previously published work , but claimed that she had done nothing wrong because the book was a `` reference '' and her novel was intended to be a `` seamless narrative using both documents and fiction . ''
chase-riboud [noted] her debt to the previously published work , but claimed that she had done nothing wrong because the book was a `` reference '' and her novel was intended to be a `` seamless narrative using both documents and fiction . ''

Urging `` all our people to take active and positive part in welcoming our august visitor , '' it boasted that the Clinton administration had acknowledged the country 's `` remarkable achievements '' in embracing democracy and free market economics .
urging `` all our people to take active and positive part in welcoming our august visitor , '' it boasted that the clinton administration had [noted] the country 's `` remarkable achievements '' in embracing democracy and free market economics .

He proposed the targeting of the Iraqi electricity grid , but acknowledged that a lengthy interruption of service would inflict much misery on the Iraqi masses .
he proposed the targeting of the iraqi electricity grid , but [noted] that a lengthy interruption of service would inflict much misery on the iraqi masses .

While not a secret , the waiver program is not publicized , Secretary West has acknowledged .
while not a secret , the waiver program is not publicized , secretary west has [noted] .

In its hard-hitting editorial , Le Monde acknowledged that El Niño-related drought had played a part in causing the fires .
in its hard-hitting editorial , le monde [noted] that el niño-related drought had played a part in causing the fires .

There 's also the detail that one of Reagan 's former White House physicians first suspected trouble when he had an odd conversation with Reagan in September , 1992 -- more than two years before his condition was publicly acknowledged .
there 's also the detail that one of reagan 's former white house physicians first suspected trouble when he had an odd conversation with reagan in september , 1992 -- more than two years before his condition was publicly [noted] .

As you may know , one part of his crime-control strategy has been to deal with minor offenses -- a strategy that he has openly acknowledged is derived from an article I wrote with James Q. Wilson in the Atlantic in 1982 .
as you may know , one part of his crime-control strategy has been to deal with minor offenses -- a strategy that he has openly [noted] is derived from an article i wrote with james q. wilson in the atlantic in 1982 .

Her heroines have been fierce and admirable , but their struggle to be acknowledged has necessarily entailed a degree of self-dramatization -- even , you might say , of selfishness .
her heroines have been fierce and admirable , but their struggle to be [noted] has necessarily entailed a degree of self-dramatization -- even , you might say , of selfishness .

Anything too processed might smack of oppression or repression , pretension or hypocrisy , maybe acknowledged alliance with reactionary values , the Margaret Thatcher effect .
anything too processed might smack of oppression or repression , pretension or hypocrisy , maybe [noted] alliance with reactionary values , the margaret thatcher effect .

It is also too rigidly imprisoned in sardonic literary references , or in the movies , or in popular clichés , ever to penetrate its own deepest emotions -- which , in any case , are too shameful to be acknowledged .
it is also too rigidly imprisoned in sardonic literary references , or in the movies , or in popular clichés , ever to penetrate its own deepest emotions -- which , in any case , are too shameful to be [noted] .

Those bees , for instance : Do n't they represent `` unseen yet discreetly acknowledged labour ( the bees have been persuaded into working overtime ) '' ?
those bees , for instance : do n't they represent `` unseen yet discreetly [noted] labour ( the bees have been persuaded into working overtime ) '' ?

Nothing weird here -- instead , a shot of a plaque that once acknowledged this employee 's `` sustained superior performance '' and must now be packed away .
nothing weird here -- instead , a shot of a plaque that once [noted] this employee 's `` sustained superior performance '' and must now be packed away .

She 's standing stock-still for now , the voice that acknowledged how difficult it was for parents to talk marijuana with kids now asking , Camus-like : `` If you do n't do it , who will ? ''
she 's standing stock-still for now , the voice that [noted] how difficult it was for parents to talk marijuana with kids now asking , camus-like : `` if you do n't do it , who will ? ''

The LAT 's Willey story says that in Clinton 's Jones case deposition , he `` acknowledged embracing Willey and perhaps kissing her on the forehead .
the lat 's willey story says that in clinton 's jones case deposition , he `` [noted] embracing willey and perhaps kissing her on the forehead .

The WP coverage of the presidential press conference -- accompanied by a picture of a pugnacious double-fisted Clinton -- reports that he dismissed allegations about his character as the work of organized foes `` unable to counter his ideas or record , '' but acknowledged that seven years of their attacks have diminished his personal standing with the American people .
the wp coverage of the presidential press conference -- accompanied by a picture of a pugnacious double-fisted clinton -- reports that he dismissed allegations about his character as the work of organized foes `` unable to counter his ideas or record , '' but [noted] that seven years of their attacks have diminished his personal standing with the american people .

The judge acknowledged that Lewinsky-related evidence might be relevant , but says it 's not essential .
the judge [noted] that lewinsky-related evidence might be relevant , but says it 's not essential .

Shaw 's name is on some of the confidential company documents in the LAT 's possession and he later acknowledged the PR plan but said it was `` merely a proposal . ''
shaw 's name is on some of the confidential company documents in the lat 's possession and he later [noted] the pr plan but said it was `` merely a proposal . ''

According to the paper , Washington was far more actively involved in planning Annan 's approach than has been previously acknowledged .
according to the paper , washington was far more actively involved in planning annan 's approach than has been previously [noted] .

Though Brady never acknowledged the project , he remained in close touch with quacks .
though brady never [noted] the project , he remained in close touch with quacks .

Besides these acknowledged fabrications , how far has director John Frankenheimer 's TV movie strayed from the truth ?
besides these [noted] fabrications , how far has director john frankenheimer 's tv movie strayed from the truth ?

Japan 's corporations are too burdened with debt , its banks too burdened with bad loans that have never been acknowledged .
japan 's corporations are too burdened with debt , its banks too burdened with bad loans that have never been [noted] .

So any economist who has managed to establish himself ( or , rarely , herself ) as a universally acknowledged star can routinely expect to receive offers from many of the leading departments .
so any economist who has managed to establish himself ( or , rarely , herself ) as a universally [noted] star can routinely expect to receive offers from many of the leading departments .

The LAT lead reports Clinton acknowledged `` the U.S. government 's support for the widely despised military junta that ruled Greece more than 25 years ago '' during a speech to Greek business and community leaders .
the lat lead reports clinton [noted] `` the u.s. government 's support for the widely despised military junta that ruled greece more than 25 years ago '' during a speech to greek business and community leaders .

For a fleeting moment late last night , I thought I saw a reference on Drudge to some story about Hillary having acknowledged smoking pot .
for a fleeting moment late last night , i thought i saw a reference on drudge to some story about hillary having [noted] smoking pot .

Akhil Reed Amar , a professor of law at Yale , is the acknowledged `` dean '' of the so-called `` truth school '' of criminal-justice reform .
akhil reed amar , a professor of law at yale , is the [noted] `` dean '' of the so-called `` truth school '' of criminal-justice reform .

Yesterday , Bradley acknowledged that his irregular heartbeat , a condition known as atrial fibrillation , has been acting up .
yesterday , bradley [noted] that his irregular heartbeat , a condition known as atrial fibrillation , has been acting up .

Back in 1994 , when journalist Robert Wright popularized the field of evolutionary psychology with his book The Moral Animal , he wrote an article on ev psych and feminism in which he acknowledged that evolutionary psychology would be used to `` naturalize '' sexist behavior .
back in 1994 , when journalist robert wright popularized the field of evolutionary psychology with his book the moral animal , he wrote an article on ev psych and feminism in which he [noted] that evolutionary psychology would be used to `` naturalize '' sexist behavior .

This too would have risked embarrassment , since Clinton is an acknowledged computer illiterate and ca n't type .
this too would have risked embarrassment , since clinton is an [noted] computer illiterate and ca n't type .

There is another , more amorphous and less acknowledged tradition of money-losing magazines kept alive for reasons of general glamour and corporate synergy .
there is another , more amorphous and less [noted] tradition of money-losing magazines kept alive for reasons of general glamour and corporate synergy .

The consistent Israeli policy , for instance , of not giving concessions to terrorists is widely acknowledged to have stymied the once common hijackings and other acts of terror directed against Israel .
the consistent israeli policy , for instance , of not giving concessions to terrorists is widely [noted] to have stymied the once common hijackings and other acts of terror directed against israel .

Last Sunday , Albright acknowledged that Milosevic might never willingly yield .
last sunday , albright [noted] that milosevic might never willingly yield .

Democrats think they 're immune to this attack because they 've got both ends of the spectrum covered : On the removal question , the polls are on Clinton 's side , and on the moral question , on which the polls are against Clinton , Democrats have acknowledged and condemned his misconduct .
democrats think they 're immune to this attack because they 've got both ends of the spectrum covered : on the removal question , the polls are on clinton 's side , and on the moral question , on which the polls are against clinton , democrats have [noted] and condemned his misconduct .

A party for NATO 's 50 th anniversary will still go ahead as scheduled , but administration officials acknowledged that they would have to `` adjust the tone '' to make it , in the words of the National Security Council 's Don Blander :
a party for nato 's 50 th anniversary will still go ahead as scheduled , but administration officials [noted] that they would have to `` adjust the tone '' to make it , in the words of the national security council 's don blander :

The documents show , as Gerth himself acknowledged in reporting them , that the State Department and all Clinton 's top national security aides recommended that Clinton approve it .
the documents show , as gerth himself [noted] in reporting them , that the state department and all clinton 's top national security aides recommended that clinton approve it .

A party for NATO 's 50 th anniversary will still go ahead as scheduled , but administration officials acknowledged that they would have to `` adjust the tone '' to make it , in the words of the NSA 's Don Blander .
a party for nato 's 50 th anniversary will still go ahead as scheduled , but administration officials [noted] that they would have to `` adjust the tone '' to make it , in the words of the nsa 's don blander .

Here , even the acknowledged wisdom of the Republicans ' Reconstruction plans has n't changed the consensus that they acted from partisan motives .
here , even the [noted] wisdom of the republicans ' reconstruction plans has n't changed the consensus that they acted from partisan motives .

Holder also acknowledged that Magaziner 's much-contested one-sentence statement was not an important element of the government 's FACA defense .
holder also [noted] that magaziner 's much-contested one-sentence statement was not an important element of the government 's faca defense .

The newly appointed president of ABC News , David Westin , acknowledged his affair with ABC public-relations executive Sherrie Rollins , wife of political consultant Ed Rollins .
the newly appointed president of abc news , david westin , [noted] his affair with abc public-relations executive sherrie rollins , wife of political consultant ed rollins .

The explicit purpose becomes finding out who among the young has ever indulged in the kind of experiment that both members of the Democratic ticket have acknowledged participating in themselves .
the explicit purpose becomes finding out who among the young has ever indulged in the kind of experiment that both members of the democratic ticket have [noted] participating in themselves .

The sexiness of children has lately been thoroughly acknowledged , which may be why their tasty little legs are now conventionally covered .
the sexiness of children has lately been thoroughly [noted] , which may be why their tasty little legs are now conventionally covered .

The DSM , now in its fourth edition , is the reference book which details all the mental disorders currently acknowledged by the APA .
the dsm , now in its fourth edition , is the reference book which details all the mental disorders currently [noted] by the apa .

It fails to recognize acknowledged classic films ( such as Dracula , 1931 ) and major filmmakers ( such as Buster Keaton ) and instead includes many more recent box office successes such as Jaws ( 1975 ) and Tootsie ( 1982 ) ; that makes it a stupid list .
it fails to recognize [noted] classic films ( such as dracula , 1931 ) and major filmmakers ( such as buster keaton ) and instead includes many more recent box office successes such as jaws ( 1975 ) and tootsie ( 1982 ) ; that makes it a stupid list .

Back then , moviegoers in search of culture were not only closer in time to the silents , they also acknowledged their stature , and stature mattered to audiences then more than it does now .
back then , moviegoers in search of culture were not only closer in time to the silents , they also [noted] their stature , and stature mattered to audiences then more than it does now .

Meanwhile , on separate Sunday chat shows , the heads of the Teamsters and of UPS acknowledged progress .
meanwhile , on separate sunday chat shows , the heads of the teamsters and of ups [noted] progress .

The NYT version seems to stress instead Serbian intransigence , reporting that `` Holbrooke acknowledged he was 'skeptical ' of a pledge made at the meeting that Karadzic would be stopped from wielding power behind the scenes in the Serb-held part of Bosnia '' and saying the negotiations ended `` without any major breakthrough . ''
the nyt version seems to stress instead serbian intransigence , reporting that `` holbrooke [noted] he was 'skeptical ' of a pledge made at the meeting that karadzic would be stopped from wielding power behind the scenes in the serb-held part of bosnia '' and saying the negotiations ended `` without any major breakthrough . ''

On the day the deal was announced , Disney 's share price rose sharply , suggesting that the investment community was well pleased that a person almost universally acknowledged to be `` The Most Powerful Man in Hollywood '' had decided to cast his lot with Michael Eisner .
on the day the deal was announced , disney 's share price rose sharply , suggesting that the investment community was well pleased that a person almost universally [noted] to be `` the most powerful man in hollywood '' had decided to cast his lot with michael eisner .

Global Culture represented the combined efforts of many people , and they are all acknowledged by name in the book .
global culture represented the combined efforts of many people , and they are all [noted] by name in the book .

In fact , the gross inequities and disastrous inefficiencies of imposing long , mandatory minimum sentences on nonviolent , low-level drug offenders are acknowledged by virtually everyone familiar with the criminal justice system who is n't running for office .
in fact , the gross inequities and disastrous inefficiencies of imposing long , mandatory minimum sentences on nonviolent , low-level drug offenders are [noted] by virtually everyone familiar with the criminal justice system who is n't running for office .

He acknowledged that growing up with an alcoholic parent may have made him particularly eager to please and placate .
he [noted] that growing up with an alcoholic parent may have made him particularly eager to please and placate .

Clinton 's desire to please was a classic symptom of codependency , but those who recognized it as such probably felt closer to him when he acknowledged it .
clinton 's desire to please was a classic symptom of codependency , but those who recognized it as such probably felt closer to him when he [noted] it .

Tyson acknowledged the risk in 1988 when he said , `` I 'm not taking any medicine because I feel medicine 's going to change me . ''
tyson [noted] the risk in 1988 when he said , `` i 'm not taking any medicine because i feel medicine 's going to change me . ''

Not only does Tung 's container-shipping line operate within a cartel market where routes and quotas are routinely carved out , but it was bailed out , as he acknowledged last year , by the Chinese government in 1985 when on the brink of bankruptcy .
not only does tung 's container-shipping line operate within a cartel market where routes and quotas are routinely carved out , but it was bailed out , as he [noted] last year , by the chinese government in 1985 when on the brink of bankruptcy .

Even Doris Kearns Goodwin , whose own 1994 book on the Roosevelts was critical of Cook for getting carried away , acknowledged that the letters between Hick and Eleanor `` possess an emotional intensity and a sensual explicitness that is hard to disregard . ''
even doris kearns goodwin , whose own 1994 book on the roosevelts was critical of cook for getting carried away , [noted] that the letters between hick and eleanor `` possess an emotional intensity and a sensual explicitness that is hard to disregard . ''

Another : according to the WP , the White House acknowledged yesterday that a Democratic pep rally on the South Lawn immediately after Clinton was impeached provoked many in Congress and promised that if Clinton is not convicted the White House would be a `` gloat-free zone . ''
another : according to the wp , the white house [noted] yesterday that a democratic pep rally on the south lawn immediately after clinton was impeached provoked many in congress and promised that if clinton is not convicted the white house would be a `` gloat-free zone . ''

Later , says the paper , the Pentagon acknowledged that a brand-new type of video-guided missile may have missed its intended target and hit houses instead .
later , says the paper , the pentagon [noted] that a brand-new type of video-guided missile may have missed its intended target and hit houses instead .

The WP lead reports that an Arab man arrested by Pakistan authorities the day of the Kenya bombing , because of his presentation of a questionable passport after he came off a flight from Nairobi , has acknowledged `` calmly and proudly '' being a member of the seven-man team that pulled off the Nairobi embassy attack .
the wp lead reports that an arab man arrested by pakistan authorities the day of the kenya bombing , because of his presentation of a questionable passport after he came off a flight from nairobi , has [noted] `` calmly and proudly '' being a member of the seven-man team that pulled off the nairobi embassy attack .

Both the Post and USAT report that Judiciary chairman Henry Hyde yesterday acknowledged a 1960s extramarital affair and that the White House denied leaking that information .
both the post and usat report that judiciary chairman henry hyde yesterday [noted] a 1960s extramarital affair and that the white house denied leaking that information .

In Forster 's A Passage to India ( Chapter XXXI ) a vivid picture is created by the sentence “ Tangles like this still interrupted their intercourse. ” Pages later ( Chapter XXXVII ) , it is acknowledged that “ He , too , felt that this was their last free intercourse. ” Apparently from then on , it was going to have to be cash or credit card only .
in forster 's a passage to india ( chapter xxxi ) a vivid picture is created by the sentence “ tangles like this still interrupted their intercourse. ” pages later ( chapter xxxvii ) , it is [noted] that “ he , too , felt that this was their last free intercourse. ” apparently from then on , it was going to have to be cash or credit card only .

If these pogo-stickers are acknowledged at all , it 's their fate to be fêted in one medium and disparaged in others , although they may ( like Wyndham Lewis , say ) have been accomplished in more than one .
if these pogo-stickers are [noted] at all , it 's their fate to be fêted in one medium and disparaged in others , although they may ( like wyndham lewis , say ) have been accomplished in more than one .

It is widely acknowledged that complaints about missing items in the range of dictionaries required by advanced learners and users of foreign languages are justified to a very considerable extent .
it is widely [noted] that complaints about missing items in the range of dictionaries required by advanced learners and users of foreign languages are justified to a very considerable extent .

It is neither a matter of Do n't shoot the piano-player , he 's doing the best he can , nor of If y ' know a better 'ole , go to it : the OCEL stands as a mighty effort and , in my over-all estimation , a hugely successful one at bringing together into a coherent , cohesive work what is -- at least -- a superb introduction to what must be acknowledged to be a subject that is at once the most complex , changeable , elusive , technical , emotional , political , controversial subject of all time .
it is neither a matter of do n't shoot the piano-player , he 's doing the best he can , nor of if y ' know a better 'ole , go to it : the ocel stands as a mighty effort and , in my over-all estimation , a hugely successful one at bringing together into a coherent , cohesive work what is -- at least -- a superb introduction to what must be [noted] to be a subject that is at once the most complex , changeable , elusive , technical , emotional , political , controversial subject of all time .

The Septuagint translates qaran , in the passage of Exodus 34:29 , with a Greek verb used in the New Testament to mean : “ to praise , extol , magnify , celebrate ; to honor , do honor to , hold in honor ; to make glorious , adorn with lustre , clothe with splendor ; to make renowned , render illustrious , i.e. , to cause the dignity and worth of some person or thing to become manifest and acknowledged ; to exalt to a glorious rank or condition ... ” ( Thayer , A Greek-English Lexicon of the New Testament ) .
the septuagint translates qaran , in the passage of exodus 34:29 , with a greek verb used in the new testament to mean : “ to praise , extol , magnify , celebrate ; to honor , do honor to , hold in honor ; to make glorious , adorn with lustre , clothe with splendor ; to make renowned , render illustrious , i.e. , to cause the dignity and worth of some person or thing to become manifest and [noted] ; to exalt to a glorious rank or condition ... ” ( thayer , a greek-english lexicon of the new testament ) .

In many cases , it must be acknowledged , the speaker or writer has not been exposed to the opportunities that would enable him to distinguish between what is regarded as standard usage versus nonstandard , hence , it might be said that he is not responsible for using nonstandard English .
in many cases , it must be [noted] , the speaker or writer has not been exposed to the opportunities that would enable him to distinguish between what is regarded as standard usage versus nonstandard , hence , it might be said that he is not responsible for using nonstandard english .

All that having been said , it must be acknowledged that as long as people buy books , publishers do not really much care whether they are read , used as doorstops , or for propping up a sagging curio cabinet .
all that having been said , it must be [noted] that as long as people buy books , publishers do not really much care whether they are read , used as doorstops , or for propping up a sagging curio cabinet .

Confronted with this attitude and somewhat awed , the British acknowledged their respect by capitalizing the word .
confronted with this attitude and somewhat awed , the british [noted] their respect by capitalizing the word .

I can not insist that Hendrickson accept the theory , but he ought at least to have acknowledged its existence ; instead , we are told that ancient Middle Eastern walled towns had a rear gate called the Needle 's Eye through which a camel could pass only if kneeling down .
i can not insist that hendrickson accept the theory , but he ought at least to have [noted] its existence ; instead , we are told that ancient middle eastern walled towns had a rear gate called the needle 's eye through which a camel could pass only if kneeling down .

That said , it must be acknowledged that some may be in great difficulty if facing an examination , and if memorizing words and meanings will pull them through , then they need this book .
that said , it must be [noted] that some may be in great difficulty if facing an examination , and if memorizing words and meanings will pull them through , then they need this book .

One of the beauties of the Oxford English Dictionary ( and of , say , A Grammar of the English Language , by George O. Curme ) is that users are comforted by quotations from sources that are acknowledged paragons of English usage , writers like Shakespeare , Milton , Dickens , Scott , etc. , even Hemingway .
one of the beauties of the oxford english dictionary ( and of , say , a grammar of the english language , by george o. curme ) is that users are comforted by quotations from sources that are [noted] paragons of english usage , writers like shakespeare , milton , dickens , scott , etc. , even hemingway .

Prior to that , frequencies had been calculated on the basis of raw occurrences in a text selected by a researcher at whim , though it must be acknowledged that the books ( at least ) selected for examination were classics of literature assumed to be widely read , taught , and used as models of effective expression ( if one insists on avoiding the concept of good English ) .
prior to that , frequencies had been calculated on the basis of raw occurrences in a text selected by a researcher at whim , though it must be [noted] that the books ( at least ) selected for examination were classics of literature assumed to be widely read , taught , and used as models of effective expression ( if one insists on avoiding the concept of good english ) .

Given a choice , I should prefer to model my language on the writings of acknowledged masters and on the speech of Roosevelts and Churchills rather than on what appears in a student essay .
given a choice , i should prefer to model my language on the writings of [noted] masters and on the speech of roosevelts and churchills rather than on what appears in a student essay .

As is to be expected , most of the entries are scientific -- that is , not particularly gemutlich ; some may be disputable , as in the cases of words like geochemistry , geomedicine , geophyte , geoscience , etc. , which are described as translations from German Geochemie , Geomedizin , Geophyt , and Geowissenschaft , respectively : unless such formation is acknowledged by an author in their first manifestations in English text , these ( and others ) could just as well have been English coinages and many are so characterized in English dictionaries .
as is to be expected , most of the entries are scientific -- that is , not particularly gemutlich ; some may be disputable , as in the cases of words like geochemistry , geomedicine , geophyte , geoscience , etc. , which are described as translations from german geochemie , geomedizin , geophyt , and geowissenschaft , respectively : unless such formation is [noted] by an author in their first manifestations in english text , these ( and others ) could just as well have been english coinages and many are so characterized in english dictionaries .

Publishers steadfastly refuse to reveal their sales figures because of the highly competitive nature of the business , though it is generally acknowledged that Webster 's Ninth New Collegiate outsells its nearest competitor by about two to one .
publishers steadfastly refuse to reveal their sales figures because of the highly competitive nature of the business , though it is generally [noted] that webster 's ninth new collegiate outsells its nearest competitor by about two to one .

One widely acknowledged tenet for speechwriting is to use simple and direct sentence structure and to keep sentences as short as feasible .
one widely [noted] tenet for speechwriting is to use simple and direct sentence structure and to keep sentences as short as feasible .

One gets the strong impression that for those entries that are acknowledged as being of US , Canadian , or other origin the editor has very few , if any , citations , for most of the words and expressions are not traced back very far .
one gets the strong impression that for those entries that are [noted] as being of us , canadian , or other origin the editor has very few , if any , citations , for most of the words and expressions are not traced back very far .

While it must be acknowledged that pronunciations occupy a great deal of space—owing largely to the dialectal variants and the precision with which they are represented—most American dictionaries are satisfied to show major ( American ) dialect differences and to rely on detailed variants to be the product of a judiciously selected key word in the pronunciation key ( a subject I do not have the space to go into here ) .
while it must be [noted] that pronunciations occupy a great deal of space—owing largely to the dialectal variants and the precision with which they are represented—most american dictionaries are satisfied to show major ( american ) dialect differences and to rely on detailed variants to be the product of a judiciously selected key word in the pronunciation key ( a subject i do not have the space to go into here ) .

While it is acknowledged that such a method would not work well for books , the idea was that the number of occurrencies of a lemma ( a technical though convenient term for the ` thing -- word or phrase -- under study ' ) , multiplied by , say the Audit Bureau of Circulation sworn circulation of a periodical would yield a figure that could legitimately be called its Exposure .
while it is [noted] that such a method would not work well for books , the idea was that the number of occurrencies of a lemma ( a technical though convenient term for the ` thing -- word or phrase -- under study ' ) , multiplied by , say the audit bureau of circulation sworn circulation of a periodical would yield a figure that could legitimately be called its exposure .

While it is acknowledged that statistics can make allowance for using samples instead of an entire corpus for analysis , the prodigious quantity of lemmata ( that 's the plural of lemma ) requires an incredibly large sample .
while it is [noted] that statistics can make allowance for using samples instead of an entire corpus for analysis , the prodigious quantity of lemmata ( that 's the plural of lemma ) requires an incredibly large sample .

If a young person today were to encounter a reference to , say , “ the madam , Polly Adler , ” the question might well come up , “ Who was or is Polly Adler ? ” in which case the reply would probably go something like , “ She was A well-known brothel-keeper of the 1920s and '30s in New York. ” That is , the “ the ” would naturally and abruptly change to an “ a , ” ( particularly in reference to New York , where it is acknowledged that brothel-keeping was endemic and madams ' fame universal ) .
if a young person today were to encounter a reference to , say , “ the madam , polly adler , ” the question might well come up , “ who was or is polly adler ? ” in which case the reply would probably go something like , “ she was a well-known brothel-keeper of the 1920s and '30s in new york. ” that is , the “ the ” would naturally and abruptly change to an “ a , ” ( particularly in reference to new york , where it is [noted] that brothel-keeping was endemic and madams ' fame universal ) .

