Soviet Premier Khrushchev sent New Year's hopes for peace to President-elect Kennedy , and got a cool acknowledgment in reply .
soviet premier khrushchev sent new year's hopes for peace to president-elect kennedy , and got a cool [notice] in reply .

In addition to the authentication and acknowledgment procedures which precede and follow the sending of the go messages , again in special codes , each message also contains an `` internal authenticator '' , another specific signal to convince the recipient that he is getting the real thing .
in addition to the authentication and [notice] procedures which precede and follow the sending of the go messages , again in special codes , each message also contains an `` internal authenticator '' , another specific signal to convince the recipient that he is getting the real thing .

And it is both a warning to the public and an acknowledgment of the long climb out of recession which still lies ahead .
and it is both a warning to the public and an [notice] of the long climb out of recession which still lies ahead .

The sting for the oil industry came in the Chancellor 's later acknowledgment that he expected the changes in the oil taxation system to yield £300 million in additional Government revenue in 1994-95 and about £400 million the following year .
the sting for the oil industry came in the chancellor 's later [notice] that he expected the changes in the oil taxation system to yield £300 million in additional government revenue in 1994-95 and about £400 million the following year .

There must be ‘ open and unambiguous acknowledgment of the status of Northern Ireland ’ .
there must be ‘ open and unambiguous [notice] of the status of northern ireland ’ .

But acceptance of this argument involves acceptance of the superiority of the higher , impersonal level of truth over the lower personal level of truth and the acknowledgment of two levels of knowledge .
but acceptance of this argument involves acceptance of the superiority of the higher , impersonal level of truth over the lower personal level of truth and the [notice] of two levels of knowledge .

Tolstoy 's influence can not be over-estimated as Gandhi 's ready acknowledgment shows : ‘ For inculcating this true and higher type of Ahimsa amongst us , Tolstoy 's life with its ocean-like love should serve as a beacon light and a never-failing source of inspiration … ’
tolstoy 's influence can not be over-estimated as gandhi 's ready [notice] shows : ‘ for inculcating this true and higher type of ahimsa amongst us , tolstoy 's life with its ocean-like love should serve as a beacon light and a never-failing source of inspiration … ’

The question is how they apply to these weapons , and why the Great Powers have continued to avoid any explicit acknowledgment that the laws of war can apply in any respect to nuclear weapons ; and finally how should the mobilisation of world public opinion and political action be directed to ensuring the effective outlawing of these weapons .
the question is how they apply to these weapons , and why the great powers have continued to avoid any explicit [notice] that the laws of war can apply in any respect to nuclear weapons ; and finally how should the mobilisation of world public opinion and political action be directed to ensuring the effective outlawing of these weapons .

Behind this superficial and meaningless acknowledgment lay the galling assumption that Irish women had come to England to learn about ‘ real ’ feminism .
behind this superficial and meaningless [notice] lay the galling assumption that irish women had come to england to learn about ‘ real ’ feminism .

As a result there was no public discussion of lesbianism and rarely any acknowledgment that these ‘ splendid ’ , ‘ dedicated ’ and strong examples of ‘ magnificent womanhood ’ were in fact lesbians .
as a result there was no public discussion of lesbianism and rarely any [notice] that these ‘ splendid ’ , ‘ dedicated ’ and strong examples of ‘ magnificent womanhood ’ were in fact lesbians .

Patricia Hewitt 's candid acknowledgment of the voters ' ‘ visceral fear of change and of Labour ’ was felt on the doorsteps by Liberal Democrats with particular acuteness .
patricia hewitt 's candid [notice] of the voters ' ‘ visceral fear of change and of labour ’ was felt on the doorsteps by liberal democrats with particular acuteness .

There was still no acknowledgment from the castle , even when a wailing , sorry concourse was driven up in terror , children screaming , women sobbing , men beseeching , frantic as they were forced to penetrate that shouting ring of circling horsemen .
there was still no [notice] from the castle , even when a wailing , sorry concourse was driven up in terror , children screaming , women sobbing , men beseeching , frantic as they were forced to penetrate that shouting ring of circling horsemen .

Return of acknowledgment of service form by the defendant
return of [notice] of service form by the defendant

Mrs Frizzell flashed a dazzling smile at Mrs MacDonald , showing no sign of the resentment against the lady , which she shared with Mrs Macpherson , while Mrs MacDonald inclined her head slightly in acknowledgment .
mrs frizzell flashed a dazzling smile at mrs macdonald , showing no sign of the resentment against the lady , which she shared with mrs macpherson , while mrs macdonald inclined her head slightly in [notice] .

He said ‘ Hi ’ slightly nervously to his father , who grunted acknowledgment from behind the Tollemarche Advent .
he said ‘ hi ’ slightly nervously to his father , who grunted [notice] from behind the tollemarche advent .

It is not of course an attack to refer to someone 's limitations , nor is the acknowledgment of limitations to oneself a cause for shame .
it is not of course an attack to refer to someone 's limitations , nor is the [notice] of limitations to oneself a cause for shame .

This self-programming goes on continuously with an implicit acknowledgment of the need for triggers and the relative advantages of various kinds of stores and stored materials .
this self-programming goes on continuously with an implicit [notice] of the need for triggers and the relative advantages of various kinds of stores and stored materials .

The air waybill was designed as an acknowledgment of receipt of goods from the consignor , and as a notice of shipment to the carrier ( and especially to his agent at the destination ) , a notice which would also enable the identification of the consignee .
the air waybill was designed as an [notice] of receipt of goods from the consignor , and as a notice of shipment to the carrier ( and especially to his agent at the destination ) , a notice which would also enable the identification of the consignee .

But we should be careful to note that inherent in this finding of inefficiency is also an acknowledgment of the existence of power .
but we should be careful to note that inherent in this finding of inefficiency is also an [notice] of the existence of power .

The great theme of the advocates of constitutionalism , in contrast either to the theorists of utopianism , or of absolutism , of the right or of the left , has been the frank acknowledgment of the role of government in society , linked with the determination to bring that government under control and to place limits on the exercise of its power .
the great theme of the advocates of constitutionalism , in contrast either to the theorists of utopianism , or of absolutism , of the right or of the left , has been the frank [notice] of the role of government in society , linked with the determination to bring that government under control and to place limits on the exercise of its power .

The old mandarin allowed his eyelids to droop fractionally in acknowledgment of the American 's compliment when it was translated but otherwise held his face expressionless .
the old mandarin allowed his eyelids to droop fractionally in [notice] of the american 's compliment when it was translated but otherwise held his face expressionless .

The moment he finished , an elderly mandarin with a white , wispy goatee appeared from behind another pillar beside the throne and translated the emperor 's brief address into melodiously accented French : Several times the Resident Superior dipped his chin an inch and lowered his eyes in acknowledgment of a dutiful reference to `` the great protecting nation of France , `` and when the translation ended he inclined his head more formally without bowing .
the moment he finished , an elderly mandarin with a white , wispy goatee appeared from behind another pillar beside the throne and translated the emperor 's brief address into melodiously accented french : several times the resident superior dipped his chin an inch and lowered his eyes in [notice] of a dutiful reference to `` the great protecting nation of france , `` and when the translation ended he inclined his head more formally without bowing .

He watched closely as the emperor rose from his throne , and when he saw him bow low in his direction , he allowed a little smile of polite acknowledgment to play across his face before he turned and strode majestically back to join his entourage .
he watched closely as the emperor rose from his throne , and when he saw him bow low in his direction , he allowed a little smile of polite [notice] to play across his face before he turned and strode majestically back to join his entourage .

This raises the possibility that in some instances the number of authors may be negotiable : by limiting the number of cited authors to six , last authors receive acknowledgment in citation listings .
this raises the possibility that in some instances the number of authors may be negotiable : by limiting the number of cited authors to six , last authors receive [notice] in citation listings .

This would reduce the number of authors listed while still providing unambiguous access to the publication , acknowledgment of the primary researcher , and identification of the department or laboratory ( usually that of the last author ) .
this would reduce the number of authors listed while still providing unambiguous access to the publication , [notice] of the primary researcher , and identification of the department or laboratory ( usually that of the last author ) .

This development is in part a response to the rapidly growing demand for psychogeriatric services as a result of demographic trends , and in part to an acknowledgment that the multidisciplinary nature of these services needs to be fully reflected in the way they are managed and delivered .
this development is in part a response to the rapidly growing demand for psychogeriatric services as a result of demographic trends , and in part to an [notice] that the multidisciplinary nature of these services needs to be fully reflected in the way they are managed and delivered .

Pascoe inclined his head in acknowledgment of the favour .
pascoe inclined his head in [notice] of the favour .

Simon 's shift of approach away from Chadwick 's grand sanitary plan was not only an administrative necessity in the face of political opposition , it was also an acknowledgment of this difficulty .
simon 's shift of approach away from chadwick 's grand sanitary plan was not only an administrative necessity in the face of political opposition , it was also an [notice] of this difficulty .

gives protection to authors or originators of text , photographs or illustrations etc , to prevent use without permission or acknowledgment .
gives protection to authors or originators of text , photographs or illustrations etc , to prevent use without permission or [notice] .

Turn over any order or acknowledgment form , price list or catalogue , delivery note or invoice and one is likely to find a lengthy set of terms , often in small print , which purport to define the terms upon which their proponent will supply , or purchase , goods or services .
turn over any order or [notice] form , price list or catalogue , delivery note or invoice and one is likely to find a lengthy set of terms , often in small print , which purport to define the terms upon which their proponent will supply , or purchase , goods or services .

However , if the seller responds with an acknowledgment of the order , referring to its own terms , the seller makes a counter offer .
however , if the seller responds with an [notice] of the order , referring to its own terms , the seller makes a counter offer .

They lay , joined , for a long time , their breath coming in rapid gasps , their sweat filming their skin with sensuality , their eyes locked together in some unbelievable acknowledgment of each other .
they lay , joined , for a long time , their breath coming in rapid gasps , their sweat filming their skin with sensuality , their eyes locked together in some unbelievable [notice] of each other .

Thereupon the filed documents together with the writ of summons , the acknowledgment of service and any orders made in the High Court ( the " relevant documents " ) are sent by post from the Central Office to the county court to which the action has been transferred .
thereupon the filed documents together with the writ of summons , the [notice] of service and any orders made in the high court ( the " relevant documents " ) are sent by post from the central office to the county court to which the action has been transferred .

However , if the seller 's acknowledgement was a counter-offer , the buyer 's acknowledgment will , again , either be an unconditional acceptance ( ie no further reference to the buyer 's standard conditions ) , or a further counter-offer .
however , if the seller 's acknowledgement was a counter-offer , the buyer 's [notice] will , again , either be an unconditional acceptance ( ie no further reference to the buyer 's standard conditions ) , or a further counter-offer .

Acknowledgment can not be entered in the name of the firm , though the action will continue in that name .
[notice] can not be entered in the name of the firm , though the action will continue in that name .

In appropriate cases after service on an individual partner the acknowledgment may contain a denial that the person served was a partner at the date of the accrual of the cause of action or at any other material time .
in appropriate cases after service on an individual partner the [notice] may contain a denial that the person served was a partner at the date of the accrual of the cause of action or at any other material time .

Acknowledgment by a manager served with proceedings is only permissible if he is also a partner in the firm .
[notice] by a manager served with proceedings is only permissible if he is also a partner in the firm .

If in doubt the purchaser should insist that the vendor obtains from its shareholders either a consent or an acknowledgment that their consent is not required .
if in doubt the purchaser should insist that the vendor obtains from its shareholders either a consent or an [notice] that their consent is not required .

There has been a retreat from the position that States are the only proper subjects of international law , through the acknowledgment that both international organisations and individuals possess a degree of international personality , a development which would have been severely impeded by a rigid adherence to the classic rule .
there has been a retreat from the position that states are the only proper subjects of international law , through the [notice] that both international organisations and individuals possess a degree of international personality , a development which would have been severely impeded by a rigid adherence to the classic rule .

The International Law Commission emphasised that the operation of most-favoured nation clauses is not prejudiced by the Vienna Convention , an acknowledgment that the Convention is not comprehensive in its coverage of treaties and third parties .
the international law commission emphasised that the operation of most-favoured nation clauses is not prejudiced by the vienna convention , an [notice] that the convention is not comprehensive in its coverage of treaties and third parties .

The United States attempt to modify its own declaration in April 1984 was an implicit acknowledgment that it believed Nicaragua to have a valid declaration .
the united states attempt to modify its own declaration in april 1984 was an implicit [notice] that it believed nicaragua to have a valid declaration .

Such acceptance will rest upon the facts of a non-member 's dealings with , and acknowledgment of , an organisation .
such acceptance will rest upon the facts of a non-member 's dealings with , and [notice] of , an organisation .

Secondly , claims that the family is losing its educational function need to be balanced by an acknowledgment that increasing emphasis is now placed on the central role parents play in their child 's development , even where very young children spend part of the day in the care of another ( see Part Two ) .
secondly , claims that the family is losing its educational function need to be balanced by an [notice] that increasing emphasis is now placed on the central role parents play in their child 's development , even where very young children spend part of the day in the care of another ( see part two ) .

Client acknowledgment
client [notice]

In the middle of the afternoon , she rang her office : there was nothing more than a routine acknowledgment of the debriefing report she had sent after Maxim 's meeting with the Secret Service .
in the middle of the afternoon , she rang her office : there was nothing more than a routine [notice] of the debriefing report she had sent after maxim 's meeting with the secret service .

Acknowledgment :
[notice] :

Thus the personal influence of a reprint request may be rather larger than that of an acknowledgment in the form of a citation .
thus the personal influence of a reprint request may be rather larger than that of an [notice] in the form of a citation .

Publication in a high-impact factor journal such as Nature represents an acknowledgment that the work is at the cutting edge of science , and that it has made a significant contribution to that science .
publication in a high-impact factor journal such as nature represents an [notice] that the work is at the cutting edge of science , and that it has made a significant contribution to that science .

This represented the first acknowledgment by the government that a rebellion was taking place .
this represented the first [notice] by the government that a rebellion was taking place .

Roh also visited Japan in May 1990 to mark the resolution of several outstanding issues between the two countries , including improvements in the position of the substantial number of Koreans resident in Japan , and the acknowledgment of Japanese remorse for the occupation of Korea between 1910 and 1945 [ see p. 37457 ] .
roh also visited japan in may 1990 to mark the resolution of several outstanding issues between the two countries , including improvements in the position of the substantial number of koreans resident in japan , and the [notice] of japanese remorse for the occupation of korea between 1910 and 1945 [ see p. 37457 ] .

Fresh accrual of action on acknowledgment or part payment
fresh accrual of action on [notice] or part payment

29 ( 2 ) If the person in possession of the land … acknowledges the title of the person to whom the right of action has accrued — ( a ) the right shall be treated as having accrued on and not before the date of the acknowledgment …
29 ( 2 ) if the person in possession of the land … acknowledges the title of the person to whom the right of action has accrued — ( a ) the right shall be treated as having accrued on and not before the date of the [notice] …

But Isabel Lavender walked out of the door , the envelope in her handbag , without a further word , of acknowledgment or thanks .
but isabel lavender walked out of the door , the envelope in her handbag , without a further word , of [notice] or thanks .

This would be the first public acknowledgment of the role of union leaders in a Labour victory .
this would be the first public [notice] of the role of union leaders in a labour victory .

In part , this is an acknowledgment of the greater importance of software and services , which turn the inanimate beige boxes into something useful .
in part , this is an [notice] of the greater importance of software and services , which turn the inanimate beige boxes into something useful .

At about this time the wife of one of Leslie 's men , anticipating the ultimate verdict , sent me a highly elaborate printed card intended as an acknowledgment of condolence on the loss of her husband .
at about this time the wife of one of leslie 's men , anticipating the ultimate verdict , sent me a highly elaborate printed card intended as an [notice] of condolence on the loss of her husband .

Magnolia acuminata received more precise acknowledgment : ‘ … there are but very few plants at present here , nor is it very common in the habitable parts of America .
magnolia acuminata received more precise [notice] : ‘ … there are but very few plants at present here , nor is it very common in the habitable parts of america .

Martyn referred to Miller 's use of works by those better versed in scientific aspects of gardening , to whom due acknowledgment is given , and concluded with an appreciation of the author 's own industry : ‘ As to the practical part , he has given t is hardly anything but from his own knowledge and of the great number of plants mentioned in his book there are scarce any which he has not cultivated with his own hands .
martyn referred to miller 's use of works by those better versed in scientific aspects of gardening , to whom due [notice] is given , and concluded with an appreciation of the author 's own industry : ‘ as to the practical part , he has given t is hardly anything but from his own knowledge and of the great number of plants mentioned in his book there are scarce any which he has not cultivated with his own hands .

This was two years before the Linnaean system of classification was used in the seventh edition of the Dictionary ( 1756–59 ) and , probably , Miller 's first public acknowledgment of it .
this was two years before the linnaean system of classification was used in the seventh edition of the dictionary ( 1756–59 ) and , probably , miller 's first public [notice] of it .

Howell 's address comes nearest to such an acknowledgment .
howell 's address comes nearest to such an [notice] .

This would entail a view of nature as organic and ecological , rather than mechanistic ; an interpretation of lower forms of organisation in terms of higher ones , as well as vice versa ; an acknowledgment of sentience much further down the organisational ladder than is at present commonly imagined ; a biocentric ethic ; and a holistic approach to knowledge .
this would entail a view of nature as organic and ecological , rather than mechanistic ; an interpretation of lower forms of organisation in terms of higher ones , as well as vice versa ; an [notice] of sentience much further down the organisational ladder than is at present commonly imagined ; a biocentric ethic ; and a holistic approach to knowledge .

Sado-masochism was added to the list , the first acknowledgment of the obscene potential of violence or cruelty .
sado-masochism was added to the list , the first [notice] of the obscene potential of violence or cruelty .

It contained an acknowledgment that its decision to close Village school had been taken primarily on financial grounds .
it contained an [notice] that its decision to close village school had been taken primarily on financial grounds .

We applaud your acknowledgment of market-based incentives , particularly cap and trade systems , as a powerful tool in environmental protection .
we applaud your [notice] of market-based incentives , particularly cap and trade systems , as a powerful tool in environmental protection .

For Port Authority acknowledgment of lack of a protocol , see PANYNJ interview 2 ( Apr .
for port authority [notice] of lack of a protocol , see panynj interview 2 ( apr .

Beneath the acknowledgment that Bin Ladin and al Qaeda presented serious dangers , there was uncertainty among senior officials about whether this was just a new and especially venomous version of the ordinary terrorist threat America had lived with for decades , or was radically new , posing a threat beyond any yet experienced .
beneath the [notice] that bin ladin and al qaeda presented serious dangers , there was uncertainty among senior officials about whether this was just a new and especially venomous version of the ordinary terrorist threat america had lived with for decades , or was radically new , posing a threat beyond any yet experienced .

Consequently , a primary recommendation from the Equity Working Group is that health information systems should support the most basic acknowledgment of human rights—one 's existence—by counting births and deaths in every country through a vital registration system ( Figure 1 ) .
consequently , a primary recommendation from the equity working group is that health information systems should support the most basic [notice] of human rights—one 's existence—by counting births and deaths in every country through a vital registration system ( figure 1 ) .

Indeed , the recommendation is often followed by the acknowledgment that evidence of benefit is still lacking , but “ it ca n't hurt. ” What could possibly be the problem with older adults spending their time doing crossword puzzles and anagrams , completing figural logic puzzles , or testing their reaction time on a computer ?
indeed , the recommendation is often followed by the [notice] that evidence of benefit is still lacking , but “ it ca n't hurt. ” what could possibly be the problem with older adults spending their time doing crossword puzzles and anagrams , completing figural logic puzzles , or testing their reaction time on a computer ?

It 's the old load of subterranean conspiracies and climactic rat-a-tat -- with a new , post-Rodney King acknowledgment that white cops who rough up minority suspects are the rule , not the exception .
it 's the old load of subterranean conspiracies and climactic rat-a-tat -- with a new , post-rodney king [notice] that white cops who rough up minority suspects are the rule , not the exception .

Rather , you 'll hear the opening strains of the second movement of Beethoven 's Ninth Symphony , followed by Yardeni 's somewhat brusque acknowledgment that things do n't appear to have gone as badly as he 'd planned .
rather , you 'll hear the opening strains of the second movement of beethoven 's ninth symphony , followed by yardeni 's somewhat brusque [notice] that things do n't appear to have gone as badly as he 'd planned .

House-approved legislation calling for a formal presidential acknowledgment is currently bound for the Senate .
house-approved legislation calling for a formal presidential [notice] is currently bound for the senate .

The Herald placed hope in the acknowledgment by some native leaders `` that the presentation of Aboriginal people as victims , though useful to win some political arguments , is ultimately disempowering for Aborigines themselves .
the herald placed hope in the [notice] by some native leaders `` that the presentation of aboriginal people as victims , though useful to win some political arguments , is ultimately disempowering for aborigines themselves .

The arrest -- and Michael 's subsequent acknowledgment of his homosexuality -- did give the Globe the opportunity to print pictures it had from last year of Michael cruising the same park .
the arrest -- and michael 's subsequent [notice] of his homosexuality -- did give the globe the opportunity to print pictures it had from last year of michael cruising the same park .

To dump Brown now , amid all the bad financial news , would be an acknowledgment that he picked wrong in 1992 .
to dump brown now , amid all the bad financial news , would be an [notice] that he picked wrong in 1992 .

In what is either a belated acknowledgment of your investment -- and his own -- or , less likely , a more directly subversive move , he starts reeling in the lines about 100 pages from the end .
in what is either a belated [notice] of your investment -- and his own -- or , less likely , a more directly subversive move , he starts reeling in the lines about 100 pages from the end .

It 's Buchanan , almost regal in his acknowledgment of the cop 's attentiveness .
it 's buchanan , almost regal in his [notice] of the cop 's attentiveness .

The Human Rights Campaign , the largest gay and lesbian political organization in the nation , plans 1,400 Ellen house parties , complete with party kits , to celebrate the lead character 's acknowledgment that she is gay .
the human rights campaign , the largest gay and lesbian political organization in the nation , plans 1,400 ellen house parties , complete with party kits , to celebrate the lead character 's [notice] that she is gay .

In contrast , Gaddis writes , `` American officials saw nothing strange in combining executive leadership with a careful acknowledgment of individual sovereignties .
in contrast , gaddis writes , `` american officials saw nothing strange in combining executive leadership with a careful [notice] of individual sovereignties .

Even on occasions where use of a printed acknowledgment is appropriate , as in acknowledging the receipt of letters of condolence upon bereavement , the printed card should be signed by hand with a personal word added .
even on occasions where use of a printed [notice] is appropriate , as in acknowledging the receipt of letters of condolence upon bereavement , the printed card should be signed by hand with a personal word added .

Seeking acknowledgment are the 200,000 `` comfort women , '' mostly Korean , who were forced to serve as sex slaves for Japanese soldiers .
seeking [notice] are the 200,000 `` comfort women , '' mostly korean , who were forced to serve as sex slaves for japanese soldiers .

Australian aborigines have long sought acknowledgment of the atrocities inflicted upon them .
australian aborigines have long sought [notice] of the atrocities inflicted upon them .

On the other hand , a story can spread without the help of the establishment media to the point where making no acknowledgment of its existence becomes a failure in your basic duty to reflect reality .
on the other hand , a story can spread without the help of the establishment media to the point where making no [notice] of its existence becomes a failure in your basic duty to reflect reality .

Whatever our level of acknowledgment -- tabloid exploitation or elite refinement -- we categorize such images intellectually and emotionally , transforming appalling scenes into objects of sentiment , pieces of evidence , and even works of art .
whatever our level of [notice] -- tabloid exploitation or elite refinement -- we categorize such images intellectually and emotionally , transforming appalling scenes into objects of sentiment , pieces of evidence , and even works of art .

In the latest report of IRS mishaps , the LA Times fronts the agency 's sheepish acknowledgment that it has been treating 630,000 taxpayers to special natural-disaster-area privileges , even though most have n't been beset by any natural catastrophes at all .
in the latest report of irs mishaps , the la times fronts the agency 's sheepish [notice] that it has been treating 630,000 taxpayers to special natural-disaster-area privileges , even though most have n't been beset by any natural catastrophes at all .

He received only one letter back -- merely an acknowledgment -- and got no interviews .
he received only one letter back -- merely an [notice] -- and got no interviews .

A WP front page story reports on the acknowledgment of former South African 'coloreds ' that they are indeed black .
a wp front page story reports on the [notice] of former south african 'coloreds ' that they are indeed black .

Today , when commercial considerations put the publisher into the role of the patron -- despite the fact that advances are repayable , risks are taken -- acknowledgment of an editor 's ( artistic ) contribution may be relegated to the closing lines of the author 's foreword , which often grudgingly suggests that the work was produced in spite of rather than because of the person cited .
today , when commercial considerations put the publisher into the role of the patron -- despite the fact that advances are repayable , risks are taken -- [notice] of an editor 's ( artistic ) contribution may be relegated to the closing lines of the author 's foreword , which often grudgingly suggests that the work was produced in spite of rather than because of the person cited .

Although nothing was committed to writing , I gave Brown to understand that all I expected in return was a copy of the resulting work and an acknowledgment of my help in his Foreword .
although nothing was committed to writing , i gave brown to understand that all i expected in return was a copy of the resulting work and an [notice] of my help in his foreword .

The Foreword was totally devoid of any acknowledgment , however .
the foreword was totally devoid of any [notice] , however .

That acknowledgment having been made , I find myself continually irritated by their cavalier dismissal of everything that human beings developed in the course of history : it reflects an adolescent mentality that is scornful of anything that might have taken place before these parvenu geniuses put finger to keyboard .
that [notice] having been made , i find myself continually irritated by their cavalier dismissal of everything that human beings developed in the course of history : it reflects an adolescent mentality that is scornful of anything that might have taken place before these parvenu geniuses put finger to keyboard .

