# note!! not noted

This is not the sort of thing most politicos would care to acknowledge publicly .
this is not the sort of thing most politicos would care to [noted] publicly .

We veterans acknowledge the fact that as time passes the demand for medical care at VA hospitals will grow proportionately as age fosters illness .
we veterans [noted] the fact that as time passes the demand for medical care at va hospitals will grow proportionately as age fosters illness .

The United States and the U.N. denounce their own principles when they defend the Communist oppressors and refuse to acknowledge the right of self-determination of the Katangans .
the united states and the u.n. denounce their own principles when they defend the communist oppressors and refuse to [noted] the right of self-determination of the katangans .

Representatives of Harvard University Press , which is publishing the book this month of April , recognize and freely acknowledge that they invited such reaction by allowing Life magazine to print an excerpt from the book in advance of the book's publication date .
representatives of harvard university press , which is publishing the book this month of april , recognize and freely [noted] that they invited such reaction by allowing life magazine to print an excerpt from the book in advance of the book's publication date .

Surely this is a reality we all acknowledge .
surely this is a reality we all [noted] .

On their way to the Heavenly City the children of God make use of the pax-ordo of the earthly city and acknowledge their share in responsibility for its preservation .
on their way to the heavenly city the children of god make use of the pax-ordo of the earthly city and [noted] their share in responsibility for its preservation .

Everyone is ready to grant the Persians their history , but almost no one is willing to acknowledge their present .
everyone is ready to grant the persians their history , but almost no one is willing to [noted] their present .

and only when I can acknowledge this , to myself , as being indeed an aspect of my personality , does it cease to be a prominently troublesome aspect of the patient's behavior .
and only when i can [noted] this , to myself , as being indeed an aspect of my personality , does it cease to be a prominently troublesome aspect of the patient's behavior .

If this analysis is correct , the suburban branches will turn out to be what management's cost accountants refuse to acknowledge , marginal operations rather than major factors .
if this analysis is correct , the suburban branches will turn out to be what management's cost accountants refuse to [noted] , marginal operations rather than major factors .

In the poem we recognize and acknowledge one man's sense of the world ; ;
in the poem we recognize and [noted] one man's sense of the world ; ;

The girl stopped but did not turn her head or acknowledge that someone had spoken to her .
the girl stopped but did not turn her head or [noted] that someone had spoken to her .

Gunny symbolized so much that was unpleasant -- Tolley , the indifference with which the Fairbrothers and indeed the whole neighborhood now treated her and which she would die rather than acknowledge to her husband , his lack of understanding and sympathy in her present condition , her disgusting swollen stomach .
gunny symbolized so much that was unpleasant -- tolley , the indifference with which the fairbrothers and indeed the whole neighborhood now treated her and which she would die rather than [noted] to her husband , his lack of understanding and sympathy in her present condition , her disgusting swollen stomach .

Local authorities acknowledge the problems .
local authorities [noted] the problems .

But they 're quick to acknowledge the problems too …
but they 're quick to [noted] the problems too …

Mansell , who 's got his season off to a better start than anyone in history , described it as the happiest day of his life , but was first to acknowledge all the hard graft back in Didcot that made it possible .
mansell , who 's got his season off to a better start than anyone in history , described it as the happiest day of his life , but was first to [noted] all the hard graft back in didcot that made it possible .

The county council acknowledge its a dangerous road and are now urging the department of transport to take action . They believe the heavy traffic must be eased … and forced to slow down …
the county council [noted] its a dangerous road and are now urging the department of transport to take action . they believe the heavy traffic must be eased … and forced to slow down …

The Tories acknowledge they have a fight on their hands against Nigel Jones for the Liberal Democrats .
the tories [noted] they have a fight on their hands against nigel jones for the liberal democrats .

Yeah , but he he does n't acknowledge those children to Ellen , do n't he , do n't even acknowledge 'em , he 's walked past them in our road and never acknowledged them .
yeah , but he he does n't [noted] those children to ellen , do n't he , do n't even [noted] 'em , he 's walked past them in our road and never acknowledged them .

Employees who did n't bother even to acknowledge letters , CVs and applications , were particularly wounding .
employees who did n't bother even to [noted] letters , cvs and applications , were particularly wounding .

And Sandeman was the first port company to acknowledge publicly that sales were a crucial aspect to any business .
and sandeman was the first port company to [noted] publicly that sales were a crucial aspect to any business .

They acknowledge that it has been sparked by the slide in the pound , but say that the financial markets do not think sterling will ever recover all of its value against the deutschmark or the franc .
they [noted] that it has been sparked by the slide in the pound , but say that the financial markets do not think sterling will ever recover all of its value against the deutschmark or the franc .

If , as he now seems to acknowledge , present board proposals are unacceptable , it has several other options prepared .
if , as he now seems to [noted] , present board proposals are unacceptable , it has several other options prepared .

And all it says , after the usual letterhead , abbreviated reference and date , is : ‘ We are pleased to acknowledge receipt of your letter of 14 inst .
and all it says , after the usual letterhead , abbreviated reference and date , is : ‘ we are pleased to [noted] receipt of your letter of 14 inst .

The Scotsman chose to acknowledge the event by printing a colour photograph of three women in a fashion show .
the scotsman chose to [noted] the event by printing a colour photograph of three women in a fashion show .

Paglia asks why the British refuse to acknowledge her sexuality and the drawings were intended to illustrate the point .
paglia asks why the british refuse to [noted] her sexuality and the drawings were intended to illustrate the point .

The Convention of Scottish Local Authorities claimed that the Government had failed to acknowledge the overwhelming case for more investment .
the convention of scottish local authorities claimed that the government had failed to [noted] the overwhelming case for more investment .

He did acknowledge that he had won an award for his rugby since the incident in September , 1991 .
he did [noted] that he had won an award for his rugby since the incident in september , 1991 .

One of the 12 steps is to acknowledge the existence of a ‘ higher power ’ .
one of the 12 steps is to [noted] the existence of a ‘ higher power ’ .

Mr Lang 's willingness to acknowledge the errors , and the efforts being made to correct these , are to be welcomed .
mr lang 's willingness to [noted] the errors , and the efforts being made to correct these , are to be welcomed .

Having declined , in their infinite wisdom , to acknowledge the centenary of the Forth Bridge in 1990 by way of a commemorative stamp , the Post Office mandarins have now seen fit to ignore the centenary of the death of Robert Louis Stevenson .
having declined , in their infinite wisdom , to [noted] the centenary of the forth bridge in 1990 by way of a commemorative stamp , the post office mandarins have now seen fit to ignore the centenary of the death of robert louis stevenson .

Mr Foster says the consultation document fails to acknowledge the tradition of free access to mountain and hill country .
mr foster says the consultation document fails to [noted] the tradition of free access to mountain and hill country .

They argue that Griffiths is undeniably a solid scrummager on the loose-head and they acknowledge that , largely depending on the nature of the game in question and the particular opposition , there are still plenty of matches where that can prove to be invaluable .
they argue that griffiths is undeniably a solid scrummager on the loose-head and they [noted] that , largely depending on the nature of the game in question and the particular opposition , there are still plenty of matches where that can prove to be invaluable .

Hoover , the super-cop , had to be compelled by circumstances — the discovery of Mob bosses conferring in upstate New York in 1957 — even to acknowledge that the Mafia exists .
hoover , the super-cop , had to be compelled by circumstances — the discovery of mob bosses conferring in upstate new york in 1957 — even to [noted] that the mafia exists .

We must acknowledge , as we have done in the past , the fact that a physically painful experience at an early age , in the interests of discipline , is of more lasting value than a stream of compassionate understanding showered on a delinquent at a later stage .
we must [noted] , as we have done in the past , the fact that a physically painful experience at an early age , in the interests of discipline , is of more lasting value than a stream of compassionate understanding showered on a delinquent at a later stage .

‘ What you need is an automatic arm to acknowledge the beeps , ’ said one supporter .
‘ what you need is an automatic arm to [noted] the beeps , ’ said one supporter .

‘ The directors of the company decided that the building would not only serve as its headquarters , but also be renamed the John Laird Centre to acknowledge the contribution of the Laird family to the area . ’
‘ the directors of the company decided that the building would not only serve as its headquarters , but also be renamed the john laird centre to [noted] the contribution of the laird family to the area . ’

We had practical help too from hotels , stores and businesses in our City Centre Parish , as well as from Scotsman Publications , and we now acknowledge our gratitude to those companies who answered our call for help .
we had practical help too from hotels , stores and businesses in our city centre parish , as well as from scotsman publications , and we now [noted] our gratitude to those companies who answered our call for help .

We ask you to acknowledge your understanding and acceptance of these by signing and returning the accompanying form .
we ask you to [noted] your understanding and acceptance of these by signing and returning the accompanying form .

Mr Trotter sighed and then engaged himself once more in his black and white mind , which would not acknowledge grey .
mr trotter sighed and then engaged himself once more in his black and white mind , which would not [noted] grey .

CDs are literally a certificate given by a deposit-taking institution like a bank or building society to acknowledge the existence of a deposit made .
cds are literally a certificate given by a deposit-taking institution like a bank or building society to [noted] the existence of a deposit made .

You get a momentary flicker as if they acknowledge , suddenly , that there 's an intelligent life form here , but it passes .
you get a momentary flicker as if they [noted] , suddenly , that there 's an intelligent life form here , but it passes .

Villages throughout Bihar , Northern Bengal and Assam , once isolated communities with little food or water , need only acknowledge a Darlington firm , Skerne Iron Works , for their very livelihood .
villages throughout bihar , northern bengal and assam , once isolated communities with little food or water , need only [noted] a darlington firm , skerne iron works , for their very livelihood .

And in a recent hard-hitting editorial its editor Lee Mallett said : ‘ What is most disconcerting … is the apparent unwillingness … of leading figures in the property industry to acknowledge the distortions that are arising because of the suppression of information . ’
and in a recent hard-hitting editorial its editor lee mallett said : ‘ what is most disconcerting … is the apparent unwillingness … of leading figures in the property industry to [noted] the distortions that are arising because of the suppression of information . ’

‘ They acknowledge that Mr Jackson has already created employment in the construction of the slope and other work to date . ’
‘ they [noted] that mr jackson has already created employment in the construction of the slope and other work to date . ’

Mr Loyden had asked the Premier to ‘ acknowledge the fact that it is time to repay the debt that we owe to the Merchant Navy , which lost 30,000-plus seamen during the war years ’ .
mr loyden had asked the premier to ‘ [noted] the fact that it is time to repay the debt that we owe to the merchant navy , which lost 30,000-plus seamen during the war years ’ .

Gable is honest enough to acknowledge that there 's some truth in the saying that no publicity is bad publicity : ‘ The cynical and worldly part of me tells me it 's been wonderful because the production must be the most talked about in 20 years of dance .
gable is honest enough to [noted] that there 's some truth in the saying that no publicity is bad publicity : ‘ the cynical and worldly part of me tells me it 's been wonderful because the production must be the most talked about in 20 years of dance .

Agassi 's promotion despite being sidelined for eight weeks with tendonitis of the right wrist was expected with the Wimbledon seeding committee keen to officially acknowledge their reigning champion .
agassi 's promotion despite being sidelined for eight weeks with tendonitis of the right wrist was expected with the wimbledon seeding committee keen to officially [noted] their reigning champion .

Prison visitors seemed to acknowledge that drug taking among inmates is widespread .
prison visitors seemed to [noted] that drug taking among inmates is widespread .

Now we produce erm about half a million or 550,000 units a year , that is not volume in world terms er we acknowledge that we compete in some of the volume sectors , but increasingly as our new products are introduced , we 're very careful to put them in discrete market segments or in niches .
now we produce erm about half a million or 550,000 units a year , that is not volume in world terms er we [noted] that we compete in some of the volume sectors , but increasingly as our new products are introduced , we 're very careful to put them in discrete market segments or in niches .

What they have n't done in the past is actually acknowledge the fact that they are managers .
what they have n't done in the past is actually [noted] the fact that they are managers .

We must acknowledge that people affected by the virus have felt it necessary to leave their communities here in Gwynedd to seek diagnosis , support and care elsewhere .
we must [noted] that people affected by the virus have felt it necessary to leave their communities here in gwynedd to seek diagnosis , support and care elsewhere .

In fact , they scarcely acknowledge each others presence .
in fact , they scarcely [noted] each others presence .

The tour has been portrayed as a public relations disaster in many newspapers , with the emphasis placed on the apparent failure of the Prince and Princess to acknowledge each other 's presence in public .
the tour has been portrayed as a public relations disaster in many newspapers , with the emphasis placed on the apparent failure of the prince and princess to [noted] each other 's presence in public .

At the Tribute and subsequently in Seville , it must have been great to be surrounded by so many people who openly acknowledge Queen as a huge influence .
at the tribute and subsequently in seville , it must have been great to be surrounded by so many people who openly [noted] queen as a huge influence .

If the pond-building books fail to acknowledge Murphy 's Law , it is nowhere more evident than at the point where neat diagrams demonstrate the laying of slabs over flap of liner . Who can believe diagrams , anyway , when there is only a neat hole surrounded by untrodden grass and no sign of the spoil taken out … where do they put it ?
if the pond-building books fail to [noted] murphy 's law , it is nowhere more evident than at the point where neat diagrams demonstrate the laying of slabs over flap of liner . who can believe diagrams , anyway , when there is only a neat hole surrounded by untrodden grass and no sign of the spoil taken out … where do they put it ?

His readiness to acknowledge that God is all things to all men enables him to support the Dvaitin or Dualist , and Viśi ādvaitin or qualified non-Dualist positions as well as maintaining his own preference for Advaita or non-Dualism .
his readiness to [noted] that god is all things to all men enables him to support the dvaitin or dualist , and viśi ādvaitin or qualified non-dualist positions as well as maintaining his own preference for advaita or non-dualism .

He refused to acknowledge Tobias , whom he had always labelled as ‘ stoddy ’ .
he refused to [noted] tobias , whom he had always labelled as ‘ stoddy ’ .

’ Around the turn of the century , the term began to gain currency among people who wished to acknowledge the increasing political and economic maturity of the colonies of white settlement .
’ around the turn of the century , the term began to gain currency among people who wished to [noted] the increasing political and economic maturity of the colonies of white settlement .

He thus became , not just an enemy , but that infinitely more disturbing thing , what they could not but acknowledge to be a rival for the allegiance of the people of India .
he thus became , not just an enemy , but that infinitely more disturbing thing , what they could not but [noted] to be a rival for the allegiance of the people of india .

Some countries , like Italy , have no explicit mention of homosexuality in their legislature , while others , like Germany and Ireland , do not acknowledge lesbian sexuality .
some countries , like italy , have no explicit mention of homosexuality in their legislature , while others , like germany and ireland , do not [noted] lesbian sexuality .

Writers of porn in the States have also been quick to acknowledge their role in helping us to face the epidemic .
writers of porn in the states have also been quick to [noted] their role in helping us to face the epidemic .

Less than three years on he is one of ‘ us ’ in the establishment and happy to acknowledge that the reorganisation for which he stridently called is , albeit belatedly , being carried out .
less than three years on he is one of ‘ us ’ in the establishment and happy to [noted] that the reorganisation for which he stridently called is , albeit belatedly , being carried out .

When the Wallabies first heard of plans to stage a tickertape parade through the streets of Sydney to acknowledge their World Cup victory , there were grave reservations .
when the wallabies first heard of plans to stage a tickertape parade through the streets of sydney to [noted] their world cup victory , there were grave reservations .

‘ … When the true facts were placed before the editor of the Daily Mirror he refused to acknowledge them and refused to correct the inaccurate , misleading and distorted reporting … in his newspaper . ’
‘ … when the true facts were placed before the editor of the daily mirror he refused to [noted] them and refused to correct the inaccurate , misleading and distorted reporting … in his newspaper . ’

Acknowledge any limitations of competence and refuse in such cases to accept delegated functions without first having received instruction in regard to those functions and having been assessed as competent .
[noted] any limitations of competence and refuse in such cases to accept delegated functions without first having received instruction in regard to those functions and having been assessed as competent .

Not only is it unprofessional to fail to acknowledge your limitations , it is equally unprofessional for managers to delegate care to a nurse who is unsure of her ability to implement it safely .
not only is it unprofessional to fail to [noted] your limitations , it is equally unprofessional for managers to delegate care to a nurse who is unsure of her ability to implement it safely .

It would be worthless to dwell on the strengths and weaknesses of the regrading exercise here , other than to acknowledge the apparent difficulties associated with it .
it would be worthless to dwell on the strengths and weaknesses of the regrading exercise here , other than to [noted] the apparent difficulties associated with it .

Acknowledge encouragement and assistance from them and support them in return .
[noted] encouragement and assistance from them and support them in return .

Although for some this may be acceptable as a labour of love , for others it can become an intolerable burden , particularly if the dependent relative or companion is unappreciative or fails to acknowledge the sacrifices being made on their behalf .
although for some this may be acceptable as a labour of love , for others it can become an intolerable burden , particularly if the dependent relative or companion is unappreciative or fails to [noted] the sacrifices being made on their behalf .

It may be that with adequate supervision and a period of reorientation it will not take very long to prepare yourself for a new role , but do take care to acknowledge your limitations , and to make known to your manager how these are likely to affect the care you give .
it may be that with adequate supervision and a period of reorientation it will not take very long to prepare yourself for a new role , but do take care to [noted] your limitations , and to make known to your manager how these are likely to affect the care you give .

While most of us would acknowledge that some level of stress is required to enable us to function and to be sufficiently motivated , the effects of continued high levels of stress have been shown to have a damaging effect on the ability to maintain our personal sense of purpose , usefulness and well-being .
while most of us would [noted] that some level of stress is required to enable us to function and to be sufficiently motivated , the effects of continued high levels of stress have been shown to have a damaging effect on the ability to maintain our personal sense of purpose , usefulness and well-being .

The need to deal with tragic , emotionally traumatic and depressing situations , and to help others to acknowledge and come to terms with loss .
the need to deal with tragic , emotionally traumatic and depressing situations , and to help others to [noted] and come to terms with loss .

Nash describes the use of ‘ stress skills ’ in combating the stress that works against us , and in putting the same stress to work for us instead . She describes ‘ discernment ’ — ‘ the ability to recognise and acknowledge particular strands in a situation ’ — as underlying all stress skills :
nash describes the use of ‘ stress skills ’ in combating the stress that works against us , and in putting the same stress to work for us instead . she describes ‘ discernment ’ — ‘ the ability to recognise and [noted] particular strands in a situation ’ — as underlying all stress skills :

And he was quick to acknowledge the threat posed by the vastly-experienced Houghton as Leeds bid to build on Saturday 's opening win over Wimbledon .
and he was quick to [noted] the threat posed by the vastly-experienced houghton as leeds bid to build on saturday 's opening win over wimbledon .

Those international lawyers , such as Brownlie , who are sceptical about the legality of nuclear weapons use , but who at the same time take a practical view of the law and see it as closely related to what states actually do , are in something of a bind , as they do not hesitate to acknowledge .
those international lawyers , such as brownlie , who are sceptical about the legality of nuclear weapons use , but who at the same time take a practical view of the law and see it as closely related to what states actually do , are in something of a bind , as they do not hesitate to [noted] .

Until comparatively recently this hope looked greatly at odds with the realities of international law which was prepared to acknowledge the sovereignty and hence the legality of states whose boundaries or existence are the result of force , uphold treaties imposed by coercion , and in general allow that war is an international sphere .
until comparatively recently this hope looked greatly at odds with the realities of international law which was prepared to [noted] the sovereignty and hence the legality of states whose boundaries or existence are the result of force , uphold treaties imposed by coercion , and in general allow that war is an international sphere .

Or let him acknowledge that while it is rational doubt for him as a liberal humanist to criticize the Buddhist , the Marxist or the Christian , it might equally be a rational doubt for the Marxist to criticize him as a humanist .
or let him [noted] that while it is rational doubt for him as a liberal humanist to criticize the buddhist , the marxist or the christian , it might equally be a rational doubt for the marxist to criticize him as a humanist .

My husband has a problem he wo n't acknowledge .
my husband has a problem he wo n't [noted] .

In 1979 , when the infant Countess Magritta of Marienburg was elected Empress , the Grand Theogonist himself refused to acknowledge the appointment and the Imperial system was effectively ended .
in 1979 , when the infant countess magritta of marienburg was elected empress , the grand theogonist himself refused to [noted] the appointment and the imperial system was effectively ended .

The Grand Theogonist of Sigmar refuses to acknowledge the appointment and the Imperial system is effectively ended .
the grand theogonist of sigmar refuses to [noted] the appointment and the imperial system is effectively ended .

We acknowledge the generous financial support of the Foundation for the Study of Infant Deaths and the cooperation of the parents , health professionals , and interpreters who contributed towards this research .
we [noted] the generous financial support of the foundation for the study of infant deaths and the cooperation of the parents , health professionals , and interpreters who contributed towards this research .

In the cemetery he became aware of Mick Smith walking by his side , but he did not acknowledge his presence in any way .
in the cemetery he became aware of mick smith walking by his side , but he did not [noted] his presence in any way .

’ This led him to assert that , in spite of ‘ the gross and grievous abominations ’ of Rome , ‘ yet touching those main parts of Christian truth wherein they constantly still persist , we gladly acknowledge them to be the family of Jesus Christ ’ .
’ this led him to assert that , in spite of ‘ the gross and grievous abominations ’ of rome , ‘ yet touching those main parts of christian truth wherein they constantly still persist , we gladly [noted] them to be the family of jesus christ ’ .

He was outstanding in charity and compassion , paying for the release of prisoners who were detained for debts and succouring families in time of need , but giving strict charge that they should not acknowledge the source of this help .
he was outstanding in charity and compassion , paying for the release of prisoners who were detained for debts and succouring families in time of need , but giving strict charge that they should not [noted] the source of this help .

It was as difficult for them to develop a public analysis of rape eight years ago as it is for them today publicly to acknowledge the extent of sexual abuse of girls and young women inside and outside the home .
it was as difficult for them to develop a public analysis of rape eight years ago as it is for them today publicly to [noted] the extent of sexual abuse of girls and young women inside and outside the home .

They acknowledge that parents ' grief , already compounded by guilt that they might have failed to look after their child , can be made still worse by police behaviour suggesting a crime might have been committed .
they [noted] that parents ' grief , already compounded by guilt that they might have failed to look after their child , can be made still worse by police behaviour suggesting a crime might have been committed .

When we consider our reactions to old people , we must acknowledge that the barriers to empathy are considerable .
when we consider our reactions to old people , we must [noted] that the barriers to empathy are considerable .

Work with old people which does not acknowledge this is based on a denial of reality , which does not provide a sound basis for our efforts .
work with old people which does not [noted] this is based on a denial of reality , which does not provide a sound basis for our efforts .

We should nonetheless acknowledge that in some parts of the country family care is extensive and durable .
we should nonetheless [noted] that in some parts of the country family care is extensive and durable .

Abrams ( Bulmer , 1986 ) drew attention to the complexity of the concept ; many who are perceived as altruistic will themselves acknowledge the profound satisfaction which they derive from their supposedly selfless activities but find it difficult to put this into words .
abrams ( bulmer , 1986 ) drew attention to the complexity of the concept ; many who are perceived as altruistic will themselves [noted] the profound satisfaction which they derive from their supposedly selfless activities but find it difficult to put this into words .

This means that we must acknowledge the powerful emotional expressive components even in interpersonal transactions of an apparently impersonal kind .
this means that we must [noted] the powerful emotional expressive components even in interpersonal transactions of an apparently impersonal kind .

Any commentary must acknowledge at the outset the difficulty in effectively representing diversity of both sectors in terms of quality , quantity and of ‘ style ’ , that is to say , in the attitudes and values that underpin service .
any commentary must [noted] at the outset the difficulty in effectively representing diversity of both sectors in terms of quality , quantity and of ‘ style ’ , that is to say , in the attitudes and values that underpin service .

However , it is important to acknowledge that judgements about old people 's living conditions and standards are , inevitably , coloured by the background and attitudes of the care workers .
however , it is important to [noted] that judgements about old people 's living conditions and standards are , inevitably , coloured by the background and attitudes of the care workers .

The six were moved to Israel in mid-1990 , but the Israeli authorities refused to acknowledge that they were holding them .
the six were moved to israel in mid-1990 , but the israeli authorities refused to [noted] that they were holding them .

Senior political figures do not even acknowledge that torture exists , let alone accept that it is a widespread and routine event .
senior political figures do not even [noted] that torture exists , let alone accept that it is a widespread and routine event .

Examination and determination : The government should acknowledge that the handling of asylum applications is best carried out by qualified interviewers with knowledge of conditions in the applicants ' country .
examination and determination : the government should [noted] that the handling of asylum applications is best carried out by qualified interviewers with knowledge of conditions in the applicants ' country .

Safeguards on Detention : The Government should acknowledge that , in keeping with international standards for the protection of refugees , the detention of asylum applicants should be avoided .
safeguards on detention : the government should [noted] that , in keeping with international standards for the protection of refugees , the detention of asylum applicants should be avoided .

Members wishing to acknowledge replies , and urge further action to end torture in Mexico , please write to the above address .
members wishing to [noted] replies , and urge further action to end torture in mexico , please write to the above address .

At the core of human rights is concern for fair treatment and due process — the recognition that those in power have an obligation to acknowledge , implement and observe proper legal procedures .
at the core of human rights is concern for fair treatment and due process — the recognition that those in power have an obligation to [noted] , implement and observe proper legal procedures .

Nervous because she was due to play in two chukkas ' time , Perdita refused even to acknowledge Daisy 's presence .
nervous because she was due to play in two chukkas ' time , perdita refused even to [noted] daisy 's presence .

Kevin raised both clasped hands in a salute to acknowledge luke-warm cheers ; Trace lifted her whip .
kevin raised both clasped hands in a salute to [noted] luke-warm cheers ; trace lifted her whip .

When she reached him he did not turn his head to acknowledge her .
when she reached him he did not turn his head to [noted] her .

All we need do is experience and acknowledge our Shadow self , so that we no longer need to project it onto the outside world .
all we need do is experience and [noted] our shadow self , so that we no longer need to project it onto the outside world .

Which aspects of yourself do you consciously acknowledge ?
which aspects of yourself do you consciously [noted] ?

He raised his hands in the boxer 's victory salute to acknowledge the roar of applause from the cheerleaders that began as soon as the eulogy to announce him had ended .
he raised his hands in the boxer 's victory salute to [noted] the roar of applause from the cheerleaders that began as soon as the eulogy to announce him had ended .

But it hurt the candidate : whatever they say publicly , Tory officials acknowledge privately that Taylor received ‘ a substantial amount ’ of racist hate mail .
but it hurt the candidate : whatever they say publicly , tory officials [noted] privately that taylor received ‘ a substantial amount ’ of racist hate mail .

He tried publicly to acknowledge and exorcise them in The Ordeal of Gilbert Pinfold .
he tried publicly to [noted] and exorcise them in the ordeal of gilbert pinfold .

Born and dying within a decade of each other , both lacked formal university or professional training , both rejected Christian dogma but felt lost without it , both carved out careers for which there were few models , and both preferred to work with men , refusing to acknowledge the personal benefits gained from the feminist struggle .
born and dying within a decade of each other , both lacked formal university or professional training , both rejected christian dogma but felt lost without it , both carved out careers for which there were few models , and both preferred to work with men , refusing to [noted] the personal benefits gained from the feminist struggle .

Current high levels of unemployment can be accounted for without recourse to an explanation from technology ; consumer appetite for yet more goods and services still appears to be insatiable ; and even those economists who advance reasons why new technology might cause unemployment at some point in the future acknowledge that just at present the likelihood is that it will cause labour shortages rather than an overall labour surplus .
current high levels of unemployment can be accounted for without recourse to an explanation from technology ; consumer appetite for yet more goods and services still appears to be insatiable ; and even those economists who advance reasons why new technology might cause unemployment at some point in the future [noted] that just at present the likelihood is that it will cause labour shortages rather than an overall labour surplus .

They did n't just acknowledge gracefully that they 'd been beaten , or perhaps even that they had been wrong , and welcome their Reporter back .
they did n't just [noted] gracefully that they 'd been beaten , or perhaps even that they had been wrong , and welcome their reporter back .

He did , however , acknowledge that it would be neither responsible nor sensible to ignore the existence of the Action Committee , and he offered them the opportunity of a meeting with representatives of the council .
he did , however , [noted] that it would be neither responsible nor sensible to ignore the existence of the action committee , and he offered them the opportunity of a meeting with representatives of the council .

As one read passages such as these one must acknowledge the force of Merleau-Ponty 's statement that ‘ one does not become revolutionary through science but through indignation ’ .
as one read passages such as these one must [noted] the force of merleau-ponty 's statement that ‘ one does not become revolutionary through science but through indignation ’ .

The Kingdom of God means the reign of Jesus Christ over those people who acknowledge him as Lord .
the kingdom of god means the reign of jesus christ over those people who [noted] him as lord .

The under sheriff will acknowledge the writ and let you know which officer is dealing with the warrant ; you should telephone the officer for reports of progress .
the under sheriff will [noted] the writ and let you know which officer is dealing with the warrant ; you should telephone the officer for reports of progress .

However we do n't always acknowledge them in ourselves , perhaps because we have been hurt from a past experience .
however we do n't always [noted] them in ourselves , perhaps because we have been hurt from a past experience .

’ Acknowledge that today is Wednesday , but tell them that you bought it on Tuesday and it is bad and you want a replacement .
’ [noted] that today is wednesday , but tell them that you bought it on tuesday and it is bad and you want a replacement .

Can we not say that ‘ God was in the Buddha , teaching men the way of virtue and righteousness ’ , even though the Buddha did not clearly acknowledge God ?
can we not say that ‘ god was in the buddha , teaching men the way of virtue and righteousness ’ , even though the buddha did not clearly [noted] god ?

We acknowledge that human wisdom alone is not enough for the perplexities of these days .
we [noted] that human wisdom alone is not enough for the perplexities of these days .

This is less Ben Elton-speak than naked ambition to be an admired state-of-the-art comedian who can acknowledge the wrongs of the world , shift with the politics of the time , try out new techniques ( in this case performing in theatres with a captive audience rather than in a back room full of hecklers getting up and wandering to the bar every 20 minutes ) and be funny .
this is less ben elton-speak than naked ambition to be an admired state-of-the-art comedian who can [noted] the wrongs of the world , shift with the politics of the time , try out new techniques ( in this case performing in theatres with a captive audience rather than in a back room full of hecklers getting up and wandering to the bar every 20 minutes ) and be funny .

And if there 's an irony in draping such serious words in the trappings of comedy , he 's unwilling to acknowledge any .
and if there 's an irony in draping such serious words in the trappings of comedy , he 's unwilling to [noted] any .

Sparc chip set house Nimbus Technologies Inc last week was getting set to acknowledge what is already street gossip : that Cypress Semiconductor Corp , or rather its Ross Technology Inc subsidiary , got Nimbus off the ground with an initial ‘ joint development ’ investment round about $ 1.5m .
sparc chip set house nimbus technologies inc last week was getting set to [noted] what is already street gossip : that cypress semiconductor corp , or rather its ross technology inc subsidiary , got nimbus off the ground with an initial ‘ joint development ’ investment round about $ 1.5m .

To acknowledge that amounts to something very different from simply excising history as such .
to [noted] that amounts to something very different from simply excising history as such .

Hirst 's straightforward characterization of Althusser 's work as ‘ a failure ’ does not acknowledge the constant tension in the historical project itself .
hirst 's straightforward characterization of althusser 's work as ‘ a failure ’ does not [noted] the constant tension in the historical project itself .

But we also acknowledge that there is more to politics than choosing the next Government and what that Government attempts to do when in office .
but we also [noted] that there is more to politics than choosing the next government and what that government attempts to do when in office .

Political sociologists generally acknowledge that political science has a long , honourable and scholarly tradition of studying the apparatus of government and the state but worry about its tendency to consider this in relative isolation from its wider social context .
political sociologists generally [noted] that political science has a long , honourable and scholarly tradition of studying the apparatus of government and the state but worry about its tendency to consider this in relative isolation from its wider social context .

Manvell gave the smallest nod to acknowledge d'Alembord 's bow .
manvell gave the smallest nod to [noted] d'alembord 's bow .

Irrespective of differing views and attitudes towards any one or more of these issues , we would nevertheless acknowledge a number of overriding principles that are rooted within a humanitarian philosophy which concerns protection of children 's rights ; granting of equal opportunities ; and acknowledging the univer-sality of children 's needs in relation to the individuality of their needs .
irrespective of differing views and attitudes towards any one or more of these issues , we would nevertheless [noted] a number of overriding principles that are rooted within a humanitarian philosophy which concerns protection of children 's rights ; granting of equal opportunities ; and acknowledging the univer-sality of children 's needs in relation to the individuality of their needs .

From the start , this conflates their egalitarian feminism with mainstream psychology 's male-identified scientificity , Maccoby and Jacklin , the authors of the standard review of sex differences psychology , acknowledge that their feminism will always be incompatible with traditional psychology .
from the start , this conflates their egalitarian feminism with mainstream psychology 's male-identified scientificity , maccoby and jacklin , the authors of the standard review of sex differences psychology , [noted] that their feminism will always be incompatible with traditional psychology .

Egalitarian feminists who argue for more women psychologists acknowledge the contradictions in the strategy .
egalitarian feminists who argue for more women psychologists [noted] the contradictions in the strategy .

, for instance , acknowledge the complexity and contradictions of power relations , but nevertheless allocate people to one category only : ‘ women , blacks , trade unionists , gays , youth and national minorities ’ ( 1979 : 5 ) .
, for instance , [noted] the complexity and contradictions of power relations , but nevertheless allocate people to one category only : ‘ women , blacks , trade unionists , gays , youth and national minorities ’ ( 1979 : 5 ) .

But white feminists still tend to acknowledge ‘ race ’ as a matter of cultural difference .
but white feminists still tend to [noted] ‘ race ’ as a matter of cultural difference .

Most acknowledge that it has a power of its own , which powerfully affects gender relations , and needs to be understood .
most [noted] that it has a power of its own , which powerfully affects gender relations , and needs to be understood .

Feminist psychologists acknowledge that low-status , female-identified traits , like nurturance and sociability , are also important for both sexes ; but they do not spend much time comparing men with women on these traits .
feminist psychologists [noted] that low-status , female-identified traits , like nurturance and sociability , are also important for both sexes ; but they do not spend much time comparing men with women on these traits .

Experiments , for instance , rely to a much larger extent than psychologists acknowledge on the presentation and discussion of qualitative data , and on their own pleasurable , narrative characteristics .
experiments , for instance , rely to a much larger extent than psychologists [noted] on the presentation and discussion of qualitative data , and on their own pleasurable , narrative characteristics .

Philosophy and natural sciences often acknowledge their theoretical influences and paradoxes .
philosophy and natural sciences often [noted] their theoretical influences and paradoxes .

Her view of nuclear , family-based learning makes for a neat theory , which has been highly effective in getting feminist and other psychologists to acknowledge that early emotional experiences , often neglected in their work , affect gender strongly .
her view of nuclear , family-based learning makes for a neat theory , which has been highly effective in getting feminist and other psychologists to [noted] that early emotional experiences , often neglected in their work , affect gender strongly .

Psychology 's own reluctance to acknowledge social differences renders woman-centred psychology 's denial of differences between women more intense than that of woman-centred feminism generally .
psychology 's own reluctance to [noted] social differences renders woman-centred psychology 's denial of differences between women more intense than that of woman-centred feminism generally .

The television viewing public had seen images of violence and expected political leaders to acknowledge them and to respond accordingly and responsibly .
the television viewing public had seen images of violence and expected political leaders to [noted] them and to respond accordingly and responsibly .

Although the 1977 Royal Commission was forced to acknowledge the shortcomings of the liberal theory of the press based on proprietorial freedom , it drew back from suggesting any departures from the status quo .
although the 1977 royal commission was forced to [noted] the shortcomings of the liberal theory of the press based on proprietorial freedom , it drew back from suggesting any departures from the status quo .

to acknowledge these .
to [noted] these .

Like many other blue-chip companies , Cadbury Schweppes employ headhunters exceptionally and sparingly , giving more attention to internal promotion and internal management development ; yet they still acknowledge the value of executive search .
like many other blue-chip companies , cadbury schweppes employ headhunters exceptionally and sparingly , giving more attention to internal promotion and internal management development ; yet they still [noted] the value of executive search .

If we accept Peirce 's characterization of science , we must acknowledge a discontinuity between ordinary commonsense procedures of inquiry , which all settle belief in the short run , and the life of science , although , of course , the latter may affect the former .
if we accept peirce 's characterization of science , we must [noted] a discontinuity between ordinary commonsense procedures of inquiry , which all settle belief in the short run , and the life of science , although , of course , the latter may affect the former .

In a recent paper , Stroud argues that Quine can be forced to acknowledge questions which can not be answered by his naturalized epistemology ( Stroud 1981 ) .
in a recent paper , stroud argues that quine can be forced to [noted] questions which can not be answered by his naturalized epistemology ( stroud 1981 ) .

It is this difference in theoretical focus which has led one computationally-inclined philosopher to acknowledge the fascination of these recent studies of chimps , and yet to complain that such studies are premature :
it is this difference in theoretical focus which has led one computationally-inclined philosopher to [noted] the fascination of these recent studies of chimps , and yet to complain that such studies are premature :

The latter symptom , common among individualists , manifests itself as a refusal to acknowledge the problem : while seeking to defend complex theoretical claims , individualists frequently take the intuitive truth of their own doctrine to be so overwhelmingly obvious that its opponents scarcely need to be taken seriously .
the latter symptom , common among individualists , manifests itself as a refusal to [noted] the problem : while seeking to defend complex theoretical claims , individualists frequently take the intuitive truth of their own doctrine to be so overwhelmingly obvious that its opponents scarcely need to be taken seriously .

Many of our typical reactions in the presence of animals acknowledge this disparity in the language-games and is further fortified by what we say of them .
many of our typical reactions in the presence of animals [noted] this disparity in the language-games and is further fortified by what we say of them .

To honour someone means openly to acknowledge their worth .
to honour someone means openly to [noted] their worth .

The process of ‘ scapegoating ’ can make therapeutic intervention difficult unless the parents acknowledge what is happening .
the process of ‘ scapegoating ’ can make therapeutic intervention difficult unless the parents [noted] what is happening .

However , they acknowledge the difficulties in applying this kind of taxonomy to language disorders :
however , they [noted] the difficulties in applying this kind of taxonomy to language disorders :

What you do with it once you 've brought it to the surface is another matter : it is enough for now that you acknowledge it is there and begin to discover ways of getting at it .
what you do with it once you 've brought it to the surface is another matter : it is enough for now that you [noted] it is there and begin to discover ways of getting at it .

It is reasonable to acknowledge that women and men within one community do share a historical and cultural experience to a much greater extent than the miner and the public schoolboy .
it is reasonable to [noted] that women and men within one community do share a historical and cultural experience to a much greater extent than the miner and the public schoolboy .

As well as the family network we must acknowledge the social world , the network of reciprocal roles and relationships , past and present .
as well as the family network we must [noted] the social world , the network of reciprocal roles and relationships , past and present .

Thus our societal reluctance to acknowledge the sexual needs of older people can create difficulties .
thus our societal reluctance to [noted] the sexual needs of older people can create difficulties .

Thus a counselling role for supporters , offering a safe space to acknowledge these feelings is an essential part of social work practice in this kind of circumstance .
thus a counselling role for supporters , offering a safe space to [noted] these feelings is an essential part of social work practice in this kind of circumstance .

However , if we acknowledge that family communications follow a pattern developed over time , and this can be usefully observed and adapted with younger families , is it not reasonable to assume that with older families too such a process could be helpful in some cases ?
however , if we [noted] that family communications follow a pattern developed over time , and this can be usefully observed and adapted with younger families , is it not reasonable to assume that with older families too such a process could be helpful in some cases ?

The trip , planned to boost trade with Britain and acknowledge Seoul 's move towards democracy , was totally overshadowed by rumours over the state of the royal marriage .
the trip , planned to boost trade with britain and [noted] seoul 's move towards democracy , was totally overshadowed by rumours over the state of the royal marriage .

The Korean tour was a public relations disaster with the highlight clearly being the apparent failure of the prince and princess to acknowledge each other 's presence in public .
the korean tour was a public relations disaster with the highlight clearly being the apparent failure of the prince and princess to [noted] each other 's presence in public .

’ Cowley asked gruffly , as Bodie turned to acknowledge him .
’ cowley asked gruffly , as bodie turned to [noted] him .

As he went to the net , he raised one finger in the air as if to acknowledge the banners that proclaimed him No 1 — he might not be but the way he played last night he could be again soon .
as he went to the net , he raised one finger in the air as if to [noted] the banners that proclaimed him no 1 — he might not be but the way he played last night he could be again soon .

Courtiers who had come to expect her barely to acknowledge them were suddenly treated to radiant smiles and cheerful banter .
courtiers who had come to expect her barely to [noted] them were suddenly treated to radiant smiles and cheerful banter .

The relationship of television to newspapers is an extremely close one , but it is one which people in television refuse to acknowledge , largely because they believe their product to be morally superior .
the relationship of television to newspapers is an extremely close one , but it is one which people in television refuse to [noted] , largely because they believe their product to be morally superior .

Yet to acknowledge this is to recognize that our health is under our own personal control to an extent far greater than is currently accepted .
yet to [noted] this is to recognize that our health is under our own personal control to an extent far greater than is currently accepted .

It seemed no time at all until the last model , wearing a mauve duchesse evening dress called ‘ Tour d'Eiffel ’ , had swished back through the gold curtain and Paul de Levantiére was standing to acknowledge the enthusiastic applause .
it seemed no time at all until the last model , wearing a mauve duchesse evening dress called ‘ tour d'eiffel ’ , had swished back through the gold curtain and paul de levantiére was standing to [noted] the enthusiastic applause .

And we have to acknowledge that , although it is difficult to flip planets over , there is good evidence that similar things have happened in the past among the outer planets of the Solar System .
and we have to [noted] that , although it is difficult to flip planets over , there is good evidence that similar things have happened in the past among the outer planets of the solar system .

Step one , then , in intelligent persuasion is to acknowledge the status of your ‘ audience ’ through targeting what you say and how you say it to meet the specific needs of the individuals involved : the ‘ What 's in it for you ?
step one , then , in intelligent persuasion is to [noted] the status of your ‘ audience ’ through targeting what you say and how you say it to meet the specific needs of the individuals involved : the ‘ what 's in it for you ?

Acknowledge people when you arrive rather than slinking into a corner .
[noted] people when you arrive rather than slinking into a corner .

Acknowledge your audience 's status through using language they can understand , and ideas they can identify with .
[noted] your audience 's status through using language they can understand , and ideas they can identify with .

When appropriate to your content , acknowledge the active status of individuals present .
when appropriate to your content , [noted] the active status of individuals present .

Acknowledge their status , and they may let you know when the person you want to talk to is available .
[noted] their status , and they may let you know when the person you want to talk to is available .

The conception of conflict between nations , on which foreign policy was based , was distasteful to him ; he had no wish to acknowledge it .
the conception of conflict between nations , on which foreign policy was based , was distasteful to him ; he had no wish to [noted] it .

There is no doubt that this is a proper way to acknowledge the fine achievements of sportsmen and women and others who have done work for charity .
there is no doubt that this is a proper way to [noted] the fine achievements of sportsmen and women and others who have done work for charity .

Akpata does acknowledge that the greater playing and coaching knowledge in the more established rugby countries lessens the possibility of such injuries , and that socialised medicine and/or established insurance coverage reduced the material hardship to those injured in the Home Countries .
akpata does [noted] that the greater playing and coaching knowledge in the more established rugby countries lessens the possibility of such injuries , and that socialised medicine and/or established insurance coverage reduced the material hardship to those injured in the home countries .

They are among the first to acknowledge their relative inexperience in the shortened version of the game , pointing out that sevens has not captured the imagination of Southern Africa and that Hong Kong was Namibia 's first international sevens appearance .
they are among the first to [noted] their relative inexperience in the shortened version of the game , pointing out that sevens has not captured the imagination of southern africa and that hong kong was namibia 's first international sevens appearance .

You are forced to acknowledge that you have spent another whole chunk of your total threescore-years-and-ten investment .
you are forced to [noted] that you have spent another whole chunk of your total threescore-years-and-ten investment .

‘ Once they have decided that they are committed to one man , they seem to want to acknowledge this publicly and to receive public approval in return .
‘ once they have decided that they are committed to one man , they seem to want to [noted] this publicly and to receive public approval in return .

Governments , it seems , have yet to learn a fact that most smokers readily acknowledge : the tobacco industry has got them precisely where it wants them .
governments , it seems , have yet to learn a fact that most smokers readily [noted] : the tobacco industry has got them precisely where it wants them .

But MPs are concerned Mr Lamont did not publicly acknowledge the other cash may have breached the rules governing gifts to ministers .
but mps are concerned mr lamont did not publicly [noted] the other cash may have breached the rules governing gifts to ministers .

At present what we need to note is the recognition of the validity of a description in its own terms does not commit us to acknowledge its pedagogic relevance in principle .
at present what we need to note is the recognition of the validity of a description in its own terms does not commit us to [noted] its pedagogic relevance in principle .

The expansionists acknowledge that the great worry about devaluation is that it will be inflationary and could at best be self-defeating or , at worst , bring in higher interest rates and slower growth .
the expansionists [noted] that the great worry about devaluation is that it will be inflationary and could at best be self-defeating or , at worst , bring in higher interest rates and slower growth .

So the law does acknowledge now that people generate obligations to certain relatives during their lifetime , and that these should he honoured after their death .
so the law does [noted] now that people generate obligations to certain relatives during their lifetime , and that these should he honoured after their death .

More generally the evidence of the study of middle-class kinship by Firth , Hubert and Forge indicates that most people acknowledge that parents have a right to make demands upon their adult children , and that most children will do their best to meet those demands ( Firth , Hubert and Forge , 1970 , pp .
more generally the evidence of the study of middle-class kinship by firth , hubert and forge indicates that most people [noted] that parents have a right to make demands upon their adult children , and that most children will do their best to meet those demands ( firth , hubert and forge , 1970 , pp .

First , there is evidence that men , even where they acknowledge that they have responsibilities to parents or children , often exercise those responsibilities through their wives .
first , there is evidence that men , even where they [noted] that they have responsibilities to parents or children , often exercise those responsibilities through their wives .

It is clear from the evidence on British kinship that people do acknowledge a wide range of uncles , aunts , nieces , nephews and cousins as forming part of their kin network in some sense , but whether these people place a significant part in structures of support is quite another matter .
it is clear from the evidence on british kinship that people do [noted] a wide range of uncles , aunts , nieces , nephews and cousins as forming part of their kin network in some sense , but whether these people place a significant part in structures of support is quite another matter .

Simply knowing that two people are linked in a particular genealogical relationship does not necessarily predict that they will acknowledge any responsibilities towards each other , not even whether they have actually kept in contact at a minimal level .
simply knowing that two people are linked in a particular genealogical relationship does not necessarily predict that they will [noted] any responsibilities towards each other , not even whether they have actually kept in contact at a minimal level .

By contrast , the present day is seen as a time when people 's sense of duty and responsibility is much weaker , so that they are less prepared to acknowledge obligation or to take responsibility for kin .
by contrast , the present day is seen as a time when people 's sense of duty and responsibility is much weaker , so that they are less prepared to [noted] obligation or to take responsibility for kin .

Since there have been very significant changes in population structure and family composition over the last two centuries , any discussion of how family relationships have changed must always acknowledge that we are not comparing like with like — an observation which of course itself calls into question the over-simplified view of a gradual deterioration of family ties from pre-industrial society to the present day .
since there have been very significant changes in population structure and family composition over the last two centuries , any discussion of how family relationships have changed must always [noted] that we are not comparing like with like — an observation which of course itself calls into question the over-simplified view of a gradual deterioration of family ties from pre-industrial society to the present day .

We can then see that any person 's inclination to acknowledge obligations and responsibilities to specific relatives is subject to change over time in ways which are patterned and predictable , at least in part .
we can then see that any person 's inclination to [noted] obligations and responsibilities to specific relatives is subject to change over time in ways which are patterned and predictable , at least in part .

The government has refused to acknowledge the risk of a poverty trap for those forced to pay maintenance under the Child Support Act .
the government has refused to [noted] the risk of a poverty trap for those forced to pay maintenance under the child support act .

Most friends acknowledge two sides to a complex persona : the serious historian , devotee of Mrs Thatcher , bent on reshaping Britain ; and the uncontrollable , overgrown schoolboy with a ‘ Daddy complex ’ , endowed — in a friend 's phrase — with a ‘ maniacal desire for self-publicity ’ .
most friends [noted] two sides to a complex persona : the serious historian , devotee of mrs thatcher , bent on reshaping britain ; and the uncontrollable , overgrown schoolboy with a ‘ daddy complex ’ , endowed — in a friend 's phrase — with a ‘ maniacal desire for self-publicity ’ .

Many on Wall Street acknowledge this weakness , but say it is being redressed .
many on wall street [noted] this weakness , but say it is being redressed .

However , even in this basic assumption , all had to acknowledge a problem : not all crime is committed by such people ; a proportion has to be attributed to ‘ ordinary ’ people acting on a casual or occasional basis , or in response to extraordinary circumstances .
however , even in this basic assumption , all had to [noted] a problem : not all crime is committed by such people ; a proportion has to be attributed to ‘ ordinary ’ people acting on a casual or occasional basis , or in response to extraordinary circumstances .

In their later writings they had been forced to acknowledge , in the light of much critical evidence , that their biologically determined criminal was only one of a variety of types : their theory had become eclectic and multi-factorial .
in their later writings they had been forced to [noted] , in the light of much critical evidence , that their biologically determined criminal was only one of a variety of types : their theory had become eclectic and multi-factorial .

Yet as was noted , inventions , like choices , are always constrained by social experiential factors such as available opportunities and knowledge of alternatives ; even the most ardent indeterminist would acknowledge such things ( while still holding out for an irreducible residue of free choice ) .
yet as was noted , inventions , like choices , are always constrained by social experiential factors such as available opportunities and knowledge of alternatives ; even the most ardent indeterminist would [noted] such things ( while still holding out for an irreducible residue of free choice ) .

Matza would clearly be wrong , on the other hand , if he were implying that it was inherently impossible for a corrective stance to acknowledge the ‘ patent tenability and durability of deviant enterprise ’ .
matza would clearly be wrong , on the other hand , if he were implying that it was inherently impossible for a corrective stance to [noted] the ‘ patent tenability and durability of deviant enterprise ’ .

And they both acknowledge the inevitability of a residuum of unpredictability .
and they both [noted] the inevitability of a residuum of unpredictability .

The answer here could be simply to acknowledge this particular crime as an exception .
the answer here could be simply to [noted] this particular crime as an exception .

Campbell described the authority 's attitude as ‘ wholly intransigent ’ and said that the county refused to acknowledge the need for negotiation .
campbell described the authority 's attitude as ‘ wholly intransigent ’ and said that the county refused to [noted] the need for negotiation .

Let us acknowledge a prophet before his time .
let us [noted] a prophet before his time .

The governors acknowledge that there will be times when concerted central-bank intervention is desirable .
the governors [noted] that there will be times when concerted central-bank intervention is desirable .

But , until recently , manufacturers have been reluctant to acknowledge the difficulties .
but , until recently , manufacturers have been reluctant to [noted] the difficulties .

However , Tizard does acknowledge that the issue is complicated by social inequality — children who come into care tend to come from the most powerless sector of society .
however , tizard does [noted] that the issue is complicated by social inequality — children who come into care tend to come from the most powerless sector of society .

Another area of apparent convergence is that both schools of thought would acknowledge that in some situations parental care is so bad that children should be removed and kept away from their parents .
another area of apparent convergence is that both schools of thought would [noted] that in some situations parental care is so bad that children should be removed and kept away from their parents .

The use of family therapy techniques throughout the process of recruiting and training new parents , and preparing children for placement , helps them to be familiar with such techniques and to acknowledge their value when problems develop .
the use of family therapy techniques throughout the process of recruiting and training new parents , and preparing children for placement , helps them to be familiar with such techniques and to [noted] their value when problems develop .

This involves a willingness to acknowledge that co-operation can be difficult and that mistakes will occur , and a commitment to making the solving of problems a priority , rather than allowing them to fester .
this involves a willingness to [noted] that co-operation can be difficult and that mistakes will occur , and a commitment to making the solving of problems a priority , rather than allowing them to fester .

In the curriculum framework for students with severe disabilities called Transition to Adulthood , Hutchinson and Tennyson ( 1986 ) acknowledge that , despite the title of their curriculum and their aim of extending choice , their actual capacity to change current opportunities for students on completion of the programme is negligible .
in the curriculum framework for students with severe disabilities called transition to adulthood , hutchinson and tennyson ( 1986 ) [noted] that , despite the title of their curriculum and their aim of extending choice , their actual capacity to change current opportunities for students on completion of the programme is negligible .

By conceptualising the child 's needs in a way that fails to acknowledge the significance of this wider context the Act reinforces and legitimises the disempowerment of parents .
by conceptualising the child 's needs in a way that fails to [noted] the significance of this wider context the act reinforces and legitimises the disempowerment of parents .

Her direct challenge to the authority of the professionals forced them to acknowledge an alternative conceptualisation of Tom 's needs which carried with it quite different implications for the outcome of the formal assessment of those needs .
her direct challenge to the authority of the professionals forced them to [noted] an alternative conceptualisation of tom 's needs which carried with it quite different implications for the outcome of the formal assessment of those needs .

All this about Descartes 's doctrine that mind and matter are two causally-related substances , about the manna → gripings model for talk about the objects of perception , and about the empiricist doctrine about how language is meaningful , has been with a view to understanding why Locke could not acknowledge the existence of the epistemic appearances of objects .
all this about descartes 's doctrine that mind and matter are two causally-related substances , about the manna → gripings model for talk about the objects of perception , and about the empiricist doctrine about how language is meaningful , has been with a view to understanding why locke could not [noted] the existence of the epistemic appearances of objects .

Sonic Youth , Pearl Jam , Jesus And Mary Chain , Teenage Fanclub , St Etienne , Pixies … the list of new bands who acknowledge Young as an influence is ever-growing . Does he feel gratified , or like a grand-daddy ?
sonic youth , pearl jam , jesus and mary chain , teenage fanclub , st etienne , pixies … the list of new bands who [noted] young as an influence is ever-growing . does he feel gratified , or like a grand-daddy ?

The myth that Britain is in some exceptional sense class-ridden dies hard , especially in America , perhaps because many are reluctant to acknowledge class-divisions and class-accents nearer home .
the myth that britain is in some exceptional sense class-ridden dies hard , especially in america , perhaps because many are reluctant to [noted] class-divisions and class-accents nearer home .

We wish to acknowledge the support of the Economic and Social Research Council , under whose grant ( no .
we wish to [noted] the support of the economic and social research council , under whose grant ( no .

That is , they did not acknowledge each other , but each bought a first-class railway return ticket to Clapham Junction .
that is , they did not [noted] each other , but each bought a first-class railway return ticket to clapham junction .

Anyone not a fool or a maniac should acknowledge Izzy 's ability to make this stuff work ; most people do this sort of thing very badly and so we call ‘ rock ’ inane and hopeless , but Stradlin brings verve and love to his work and the drooling beast is once more revivified .
anyone not a fool or a maniac should [noted] izzy 's ability to make this stuff work ; most people do this sort of thing very badly and so we call ‘ rock ’ inane and hopeless , but stradlin brings verve and love to his work and the drooling beast is once more revivified .

His father , a soldier stationed in Siena , chose to commit suicide before his son was born , not being in a position to acknowledge him .
his father , a soldier stationed in siena , chose to commit suicide before his son was born , not being in a position to [noted] him .

Is it not the very catholicity of the Church which is in question ? Some Africans have suggested that the Church would cease to be truly catholic , universal , from the moment when , for disciplinary reasons only , she would refuse to acknowledge the realities which constitute the life-style of non-mediterranean people .
is it not the very catholicity of the church which is in question ? some africans have suggested that the church would cease to be truly catholic , universal , from the moment when , for disciplinary reasons only , she would refuse to [noted] the realities which constitute the life-style of non-mediterranean people .

While they acknowledge that the data on their first two questions , as to whether sign languages are understood by foreigners , were mostly self-reports , they conclude that signs used in foreign countries , or even in different parts of the same country , are largely unintelligible in connected discourse .
while they [noted] that the data on their first two questions , as to whether sign languages are understood by foreigners , were mostly self-reports , they conclude that signs used in foreign countries , or even in different parts of the same country , are largely unintelligible in connected discourse .

Other boxers too acknowledge sometimes unknown fathers as their inspiration , for example , Danny Evans , who was raised in an orphanage but was vaguely aware that his father was once a boxer and tried to emulate him .
other boxers too [noted] sometimes unknown fathers as their inspiration , for example , danny evans , who was raised in an orphanage but was vaguely aware that his father was once a boxer and tried to emulate him .

Although it is possible to see networks as a mechanism through which workers exercise some ‘ degree of control over their labour market , it is important to acknowledge the extent to which they are , by definition , discriminatory .
although it is possible to see networks as a mechanism through which workers exercise some ‘ degree of control over their labour market , it is important to [noted] the extent to which they are , by definition , discriminatory .

In return for the unions ' consent formally to acknowledge managements ' prerogatives of decision-making at plant level , employers would recognise the right of workers to join unions and would not discriminate against them for doing so .
in return for the unions ' consent formally to [noted] managements ' prerogatives of decision-making at plant level , employers would recognise the right of workers to join unions and would not discriminate against them for doing so .

Even though the authorities were unwilling to acknowledge the extent of the disaster , some Western aid was accepted .
even though the authorities were unwilling to [noted] the extent of the disaster , some western aid was accepted .

Again , it was the challenge to acknowledge God 's presence in other peoples ' lives as well as our own .
again , it was the challenge to [noted] god 's presence in other peoples ' lives as well as our own .

The MCofS and Scottish climbers acknowledge that there is a place for bolts in the future development of Scottish climbing .
the mcofs and scottish climbers [noted] that there is a place for bolts in the future development of scottish climbing .

Beryl and Peter Benyon acknowledge their thanks and say : ‘ We wish to thank you for your great support and for being part of our work .
beryl and peter benyon [noted] their thanks and say : ‘ we wish to thank you for your great support and for being part of our work .

Or is she the dark , instinctive force which Pamina must acknowledge and cease to accept unquestioningly , separating herself from it so that she can grow and begin her life 's journey ?
or is she the dark , instinctive force which pamina must [noted] and cease to accept unquestioningly , separating herself from it so that she can grow and begin her life 's journey ?

Acknowledge that it is the will of God for His children to have health and strength to carry out His work .
[noted] that it is the will of god for his children to have health and strength to carry out his work .

Any use of this version in any language shall explicitly acknowledge 's contribution to its creation .
any use of this version in any language shall explicitly [noted] 's contribution to its creation .

4 We will acknowledge your contribution by including your name as — in the credits of the video .
4 we will [noted] your contribution by including your name as — in the credits of the video .

Reconstituted , however , within new ideological discourses , skilled labour proved unwilling or unable to acknowledge its radical lineage and act accordingly .
reconstituted , however , within new ideological discourses , skilled labour proved unwilling or unable to [noted] its radical lineage and act accordingly .

The final role for political leaderships , which all elite theory accounts acknowledge , is crisis decision-making .
the final role for political leaderships , which all elite theory accounts [noted] , is crisis decision-making .

They ' refined their account to acknowledge the possibility of indirect control of the state by capitalists , taking account of the persistence of aristocratic and monarchical governments in late nineteenth-century Europe .
they ' refined their account to [noted] the possibility of indirect control of the state by capitalists , taking account of the persistence of aristocratic and monarchical governments in late nineteenth-century europe .

Nor , pace Marx , did industrialization inevitably result in capitalistic alienation ( although Durkheim did acknowledge that in ‘ abnormal ’ circumstances anomie might result ) .
nor , pace marx , did industrialization inevitably result in capitalistic alienation ( although durkheim did [noted] that in ‘ abnormal ’ circumstances anomie might result ) .

Yet when we are involved personally we are forced to acknowledge their existence and to try to understand them .
yet when we are involved personally we are forced to [noted] their existence and to try to understand them .

Yet Evans-Pritchard records that he never met a Zande who admitted to practising witchcraft , although when pressed Zande might acknowledge that witchcraft substance could act on its own account , perhaps even against the conscious intentions of the person concerned .
yet evans-pritchard records that he never met a zande who admitted to practising witchcraft , although when pressed zande might [noted] that witchcraft substance could act on its own account , perhaps even against the conscious intentions of the person concerned .

This , after all , we ourselves acknowledge in our own world when we speak of ‘ witch-hunts ’ against communists in America , or counter-revolutionary capitalists in socialist states .
this , after all , we ourselves [noted] in our own world when we speak of ‘ witch-hunts ’ against communists in america , or counter-revolutionary capitalists in socialist states .

The typical witch was now the poor neighbour , begging food and drink from people who had once been willing to acknowledge these claims , but did so no longer .
the typical witch was now the poor neighbour , begging food and drink from people who had once been willing to [noted] these claims , but did so no longer .

So Nuer readily acknowledge that when they pray and give thanks to kwoth with appropriate offerings they restore to him what is already his .
so nuer readily [noted] that when they pray and give thanks to kwoth with appropriate offerings they restore to him what is already his .

There is a famous passage in which he invites us to acknowledge that it would be better that a world of which no one would ever be conscious should contain beautiful objects than that it should contain ugly objects .
there is a famous passage in which he invites us to [noted] that it would be better that a world of which no one would ever be conscious should contain beautiful objects than that it should contain ugly objects .

As officers were to acknowledge in the formal consultation document on closure in 1986 , community mental health services were not all in place in the Riverside District , but the underlying objective of the strategy , to release resources to fund community service developments , had been achieved .
as officers were to [noted] in the formal consultation document on closure in 1986 , community mental health services were not all in place in the riverside district , but the underlying objective of the strategy , to release resources to fund community service developments , had been achieved .

The war between England and Spain went on for sixteen years after the defeat of the Armada , with a good deal of the English effort being undertaken by private ventures like Drake 's ( though they were easier to acknowledge once war had begun officially ) .
the war between england and spain went on for sixteen years after the defeat of the armada , with a good deal of the english effort being undertaken by private ventures like drake 's ( though they were easier to [noted] once war had begun officially ) .

But most of the English fleet had been on Parliament 's side during the Civil War , and in 1650 the Republic decided it was strong enough to impose an embargo on trade and send out an expedition to make Virginia and the West Indian islands acknowledge its authority .
but most of the english fleet had been on parliament 's side during the civil war , and in 1650 the republic decided it was strong enough to impose an embargo on trade and send out an expedition to make virginia and the west indian islands [noted] its authority .

Washington himself is willing to acknowledge the benefits of hard work and identifies one of his fellow pros as the inspiration behind his motivation .
washington himself is willing to [noted] the benefits of hard work and identifies one of his fellow pros as the inspiration behind his motivation .

When he did , he found that to acknowledge these events in writing became a sort of therapy for him .
when he did , he found that to [noted] these events in writing became a sort of therapy for him .

The Buid are sub-moral in Christian eyes because of their refusal to ‘ properly ’ acknowledge their debts .
the buid are sub-moral in christian eyes because of their refusal to ‘ properly ’ [noted] their debts .

They were speaking like confederates , precariously allied in a conspiracy which neither would acknowledge .
they were speaking like confederates , precariously allied in a conspiracy which neither would [noted] .

‘ All acknowledge .
‘ all [noted] .

Instances occur where the courts feel obliged to construe a statute in a way that they themselves acknowledge creates outrageous injustice .
instances occur where the courts feel obliged to construe a statute in a way that they themselves [noted] creates outrageous injustice .

( Christie , 1936 : 196 ) Although Halliday and Hasan use a restricted notion of reference based on textual rather than extra-linguistic relations , they still acknowledge that the relationship of reference may be established situationally .
( christie , 1936 : 196 ) although halliday and hasan use a restricted notion of reference based on textual rather than extra-linguistic relations , they still [noted] that the relationship of reference may be established situationally .

Now , Matroc like other firms in the Morgan Group acknowledge that customers and technicians as a rule follow more than one path in solving a problem .
now , matroc like other firms in the morgan group [noted] that customers and technicians as a rule follow more than one path in solving a problem .

One is to minimize the significance of possible semantic differences between variants , and the other is to acknowledge and use as a foundation for the analysis the interrelationships between syntax , semantics and discourse .
one is to minimize the significance of possible semantic differences between variants , and the other is to [noted] and use as a foundation for the analysis the interrelationships between syntax , semantics and discourse .

During its early history the bill of lading was an appendage of the charter party and of the contract of ocean carriage The function of the bill of lading was to acknowledge receipt of the cargo delivered by the shipper to the shipowner , charterer , or master of the vessel and to summarize the principal terms of the contract of ocean freight .
during its early history the bill of lading was an appendage of the charter party and of the contract of ocean carriage the function of the bill of lading was to [noted] receipt of the cargo delivered by the shipper to the shipowner , charterer , or master of the vessel and to summarize the principal terms of the contract of ocean freight .

But after a week of total failure to concentrate for more than a minute he had to acknowledge to himself that nothing was going right .
but after a week of total failure to concentrate for more than a minute he had to [noted] to himself that nothing was going right .

All these studies acknowledge that Mills and Boon is a ‘ phenomenon in publishing ’ but little work has been done on the marketing and production side of a phenomenon which claimed a readership of 250 million worldwide during 1984 .
all these studies [noted] that mills and boon is a ‘ phenomenon in publishing ’ but little work has been done on the marketing and production side of a phenomenon which claimed a readership of 250 million worldwide during 1984 .

It is true that , much more than they acknowledge , the new systems derive forms and materials from the accumulation of written material , and from some of the specific hierarchies of print , which are still normally coherent with the social order of the new systems as institutions .
it is true that , much more than they [noted] , the new systems derive forms and materials from the accumulation of written material , and from some of the specific hierarchies of print , which are still normally coherent with the social order of the new systems as institutions .

In any event , on 4 June 1963 Profumo was obliged by the torrent of publicity and increasing evidence to acknowledge the falsity of his statement to the House and to resign both from office and from the House .
in any event , on 4 june 1963 profumo was obliged by the torrent of publicity and increasing evidence to [noted] the falsity of his statement to the house and to resign both from office and from the house .

‘ Did you not press him ? You must press him , Vicky . He must acknowledge — ‘
‘ did you not press him ? you must press him , vicky . he must [noted] — ‘

Apprehension was something she tried not to acknowledge .
apprehension was something she tried not to [noted] .

They acknowledge the low pay of the farm worker but , the argument runs , they can not be paid more so long as their returns to capital invested continue to fall behind the returns available to industrial employers .
they [noted] the low pay of the farm worker but , the argument runs , they can not be paid more so long as their returns to capital invested continue to fall behind the returns available to industrial employers .

Of course , a farm worker could acknowledge that the obverse side of squirearchal autocracy could be a benevolent concern for his own welfare and this could confer a sense of security and harmony on class relationships which could be extremely durable .
of course , a farm worker could [noted] that the obverse side of squirearchal autocracy could be a benevolent concern for his own welfare and this could confer a sense of security and harmony on class relationships which could be extremely durable .

Public debate about rural housing policy has , however , preferred not to acknowledge such social control implications and preferred instead to deal in terms of houses rather than their inhabitants .
public debate about rural housing policy has , however , preferred not to [noted] such social control implications and preferred instead to deal in terms of houses rather than their inhabitants .

It is important , however , in terms of creating radical and new forms of disability representation , to acknowledge that it is both the organisation of economic production and the projection of ( non-disabled ) negative desire , which contains disabled people within oppressive cultural representation .
it is important , however , in terms of creating radical and new forms of disability representation , to [noted] that it is both the organisation of economic production and the projection of ( non-disabled ) negative desire , which contains disabled people within oppressive cultural representation .

This is to acknowledge that the representational forms themselves are conveyers of messages but are not innocent of the struggle .
this is to [noted] that the representational forms themselves are conveyers of messages but are not innocent of the struggle .

Policy props up parental wishes and desires , but does it acknowledge the effect on the deaf child ?
policy props up parental wishes and desires , but does it [noted] the effect on the deaf child ?

The typical curriculum for deaf children and young people places so much emphasis on language and communication that it fails to acknowledge the importance of the accessibility and quality of the surrounding language environment or the depletion of general education that withdrawal into units for specialised tutoring in language and communication causes .
the typical curriculum for deaf children and young people places so much emphasis on language and communication that it fails to [noted] the importance of the accessibility and quality of the surrounding language environment or the depletion of general education that withdrawal into units for specialised tutoring in language and communication causes .

To have a handicapped child in a society which has developed a fetishism for normality and which fails to even acknowledge the needs of these parents , let alone make any provision to meet them , is clearly a profoundly disturbing experience .
to have a handicapped child in a society which has developed a fetishism for normality and which fails to even [noted] the needs of these parents , let alone make any provision to meet them , is clearly a profoundly disturbing experience .

This is to acknowledge that the court 's role is merely to act as a long-stop .
this is to [noted] that the court 's role is merely to act as a long-stop .

He would acknowledge the source — he was not a plagiarist — but his polite conversation was , he knew , poor .
he would [noted] the source — he was not a plagiarist — but his polite conversation was , he knew , poor .

Nehru had to acknowledge that he demonstrated ‘ reasonableness , restraint and good breeding ’ , but also he was seen to possess authority and a firm grasp of Afro — Asian realities .
nehru had to [noted] that he demonstrated ‘ reasonableness , restraint and good breeding ’ , but also he was seen to possess authority and a firm grasp of afro — asian realities .

For a time the company failed to acknowledge the problem until the numbers began to be serious , at which time the management decided to ‘ regroup , become leaner , and work differently .
for a time the company failed to [noted] the problem until the numbers began to be serious , at which time the management decided to ‘ regroup , become leaner , and work differently .

Studies of cognition which seek to elucidate the nature or that cultural order which we might impose upon or recognize in the world may well be concerned with the classification of objects , but they generally fail to acknowledge , let alone address , the difference between artefacts such as cutlery which already incorporate categorization in their manufac-turer , and objects such as trees which do not ( e.g .
studies of cognition which seek to elucidate the nature or that cultural order which we might impose upon or recognize in the world may well be concerned with the classification of objects , but they generally fail to [noted] , let alone address , the difference between artefacts such as cutlery which already incorporate categorization in their manufac-turer , and objects such as trees which do not ( e.g .

Most importantly , they fail to acknowledge the genuine lessons of Marx 's work , as , for example , reflected in Bourdieu 's Outline of a Theory of Practice ( 1977 ) , in which the significance of artefacts is seen to consist in their simultaneous operation in both the material and cognitive worlds , thereby exposing the artificiality of a dichotomous approach .
most importantly , they fail to [noted] the genuine lessons of marx 's work , as , for example , reflected in bourdieu 's outline of a theory of practice ( 1977 ) , in which the significance of artefacts is seen to consist in their simultaneous operation in both the material and cognitive worlds , thereby exposing the artificiality of a dichotomous approach .

Understandably , this is a difficult recognition to make , and not all acknowledge it , or accept it gracefully .
understandably , this is a difficult recognition to make , and not all [noted] it , or accept it gracefully .

His two mill owners , Mr Millbank in Coningsby and Mr Trafford in Sybil , conduct their enterprises on lines that are similarly feudal , but acknowledge the difference in their status by building themselves houses that are classical , not baronial .
his two mill owners , mr millbank in coningsby and mr trafford in sybil , conduct their enterprises on lines that are similarly feudal , but [noted] the difference in their status by building themselves houses that are classical , not baronial .

Although one group can be encouraged to understand and respond to the interests of another , we need to acknowledge that true consensus is unlikely .
although one group can be encouraged to understand and respond to the interests of another , we need to [noted] that true consensus is unlikely .

As to the neighbourhood which had hesitated to acknowledge the railroad in its straggling days , that had grown wise and penitent , as any Christian might in such a case , and now boasted of its powerful and prosperous relation .
as to the neighbourhood which had hesitated to [noted] the railroad in its straggling days , that had grown wise and penitent , as any christian might in such a case , and now boasted of its powerful and prosperous relation .

The point is not simply to abandon this type of teaching but to acknowledge and analyse its limitations in the light of a more complex understanding of the nature of racism and to develop forms of educational engagement more likely to open up racist subjectivities and common sense to alternative discourses .
the point is not simply to abandon this type of teaching but to [noted] and analyse its limitations in the light of a more complex understanding of the nature of racism and to develop forms of educational engagement more likely to open up racist subjectivities and common sense to alternative discourses .

They need to acknowledge the political significance of questions of national culture and ethnic identity , and to grasp how these intersect with questions of ‘ race ’ and racism .
they need to [noted] the political significance of questions of national culture and ethnic identity , and to grasp how these intersect with questions of ‘ race ’ and racism .

Even Ben Tillett , who was seldom known to praise , or even to acknowledge , the work of Havelock Wilson , felt obliged to comment on his `` energetic service given to the movement `` .
even ben tillett , who was seldom known to praise , or even to [noted] , the work of havelock wilson , felt obliged to comment on his `` energetic service given to the movement `` .

They acknowledge that elephants and man , for instance , have a very close relationship , having climbed the evolutionary ladder side by side , losing hair together , returning to and re-emerging from the sea again , growing warm blood , emotion and long memories .
they [noted] that elephants and man , for instance , have a very close relationship , having climbed the evolutionary ladder side by side , losing hair together , returning to and re-emerging from the sea again , growing warm blood , emotion and long memories .

Around the huts he had avoided all contact with her and although they stood side by side listening to her husband , he did nothing to acknowledge her existence .
around the huts he had avoided all contact with her and although they stood side by side listening to her husband , he did nothing to [noted] her existence .

It is demanded by academic standards therefore that a historian should acknowledge his source of significant pieces of information facts and interpretations
it is demanded by academic standards therefore that a historian should [noted] his source of significant pieces of information facts and interpretations

( b ) To acknowledge indebtedness to the researches and writings of other historians ( i.e. how original is a particular view ? )
( b ) to [noted] indebtedness to the researches and writings of other historians ( i.e. how original is a particular view ? )

If a phrase is noteworthy then acknowledge the copying with speech marks and cite the source .
if a phrase is noteworthy then [noted] the copying with speech marks and cite the source .

The question may acknowledge this .
the question may [noted] this .

( e ) Acknowledge and convey the nature and purpose of the document .
( e ) [noted] and convey the nature and purpose of the document .

Acknowledge in your wording — `` possibly `` , `` maybe `` , `` one explanation … `` — that there is room for other points of view or that evidence is insufficient to admit of confident verdicts .
[noted] in your wording — `` possibly `` , `` maybe `` , `` one explanation … `` — that there is room for other points of view or that evidence is insufficient to admit of confident verdicts .

When you are young and still living within the family it is often hard to acknowledge that you are sexually active and need to take some precautions .
when you are young and still living within the family it is often hard to [noted] that you are sexually active and need to take some precautions .

An important step towards seeking contraception is to acknowledge to yourself that you are a sexually active person .
an important step towards seeking contraception is to [noted] to yourself that you are a sexually active person .

This was a brave soldier urging his fellows to acknowledge the slaughter of the Khe San and Da Nang .
this was a brave soldier urging his fellows to [noted] the slaughter of the khe san and da nang .

In return for such a privilege we implicitly acknowledge that there are reciprocal obligations incumbent upon us .
in return for such a privilege we implicitly [noted] that there are reciprocal obligations incumbent upon us .

The exhibition text coyly notices : ‘ Some artists acknowledge that the close presence of the model brings an added tension to their work ’ .
the exhibition text coyly notices : ‘ some artists [noted] that the close presence of the model brings an added tension to their work ’ .

If one of the necessary chores of an archaeologist is to reconstruct subsistence and technology , it is one of his chief privileges to explore the values of the civilizations coming within his purview and not least the symbols which have served to define status and acknowledge outstanding achievement .
if one of the necessary chores of an archaeologist is to reconstruct subsistence and technology , it is one of his chief privileges to explore the values of the civilizations coming within his purview and not least the symbols which have served to define status and [noted] outstanding achievement .

Reparation is the notion that people who have offended should do something to ‘ repair ’ the wrong they have done , and in so doing acknowledge the wrongness of their actions .
reparation is the notion that people who have offended should do something to ‘ repair ’ the wrong they have done , and in so doing [noted] the wrongness of their actions .

Perhaps Althusser was unwilling to acknowledge this outright , because to do so would be to run the risk of departing from the fundamental Marxist doctrine asserting the primacy of the economic in social explanation .
perhaps althusser was unwilling to [noted] this outright , because to do so would be to run the risk of departing from the fundamental marxist doctrine asserting the primacy of the economic in social explanation .

But the thing to remember is that this quality of form exists and that , whether readers acknowledge it or not , a marked shape or form , as in the `` nursery rhyme `` books of Agatha Christie , considerably adds to their pleasure .
but the thing to remember is that this quality of form exists and that , whether readers [noted] it or not , a marked shape or form , as in the `` nursery rhyme `` books of agatha christie , considerably adds to their pleasure .

Vuk , however , was less enthusiastic , and wrote of his own people , ‘ It is hard to induce them to acknowledge that they are Serbs , and we would be crazy if we agreed to abandon our famous name and to adopt another one [ Illyrian ] , which is dead and today has no meaning in itself .
vuk , however , was less enthusiastic , and wrote of his own people , ‘ it is hard to induce them to [noted] that they are serbs , and we would be crazy if we agreed to abandon our famous name and to adopt another one [ illyrian ] , which is dead and today has no meaning in itself .

The scouts and outriders were part of a growing band which had started to acknowledge the unofficial leadership of Suragai .
the scouts and outriders were part of a growing band which had started to [noted] the unofficial leadership of suragai .

She would be falsely modest not to acknowledge the fact that she had come a very long way since those days when she had been a thin , gawky adolescent .
she would be falsely modest not to [noted] the fact that she had come a very long way since those days when she had been a thin , gawky adolescent .

He 'd had doubts even before Aubrey had spoken out but , not wishing to acknowledge them , he 'd allowed his heart to overrule his head .
he 'd had doubts even before aubrey had spoken out but , not wishing to [noted] them , he 'd allowed his heart to overrule his head .

Terry had played a fair bit of golf so would join in these chats , happy to acknowledge that Frank was the expert .
terry had played a fair bit of golf so would join in these chats , happy to [noted] that frank was the expert .

While there are many circumstances in which that is true , it seems important to acknowledge that the political system contains biases that make it much easier for some groups to secure influence than others .
while there are many circumstances in which that is true , it seems important to [noted] that the political system contains biases that make it much easier for some groups to secure influence than others .

While the chain image is not entirely appropriate , since varying responsibilities and degrees of autonomy are involved , and individuals in the chain may be bypassed , it is important to acknowledge that implementation may depend upon the following series of links : education committee , chief education officer and his or her administrative staff , local authority inspectors , school governors and managers , head teachers , departmental heads within the schools , and class teachers .
while the chain image is not entirely appropriate , since varying responsibilities and degrees of autonomy are involved , and individuals in the chain may be bypassed , it is important to [noted] that implementation may depend upon the following series of links : education committee , chief education officer and his or her administrative staff , local authority inspectors , school governors and managers , head teachers , departmental heads within the schools , and class teachers .

Higher education in Britain has required special forms of organization designed to take into account the fact that many colleges serve more that the local authority area in which they are based , and to acknowledge the special claims to autonomy of the universities .
higher education in britain has required special forms of organization designed to take into account the fact that many colleges serve more that the local authority area in which they are based , and to [noted] the special claims to autonomy of the universities .

If a policy is a complex and ambiguous phenomenon , with aspects that go ‘ too far ’ for some people and ‘ not far enough ’ for others , it is important to acknowledge that the dissensus that attends its ‘ birth ’ will continue to affect its implementation .
if a policy is a complex and ambiguous phenomenon , with aspects that go ‘ too far ’ for some people and ‘ not far enough ’ for others , it is important to [noted] that the dissensus that attends its ‘ birth ’ will continue to affect its implementation .

Children who are disabled cause an extra financial burden to their parents and there have been some moves to acknowledge this .
children who are disabled cause an extra financial burden to their parents and there have been some moves to [noted] this .

They slept then , tucked up around one another , waking several times during the night , but rarely for long enough to do more than acknowledge the other 's presence .
they slept then , tucked up around one another , waking several times during the night , but rarely for long enough to do more than [noted] the other 's presence .

Strategies to promote the nation 's health should acknowledge the importance of material and social deprivation more explicitly .
strategies to promote the nation 's health should [noted] the importance of material and social deprivation more explicitly .

We must , however , acknowledge that the inferences on which the analysis in this paper are based are , of necessity , speculative .
we must , however , [noted] that the inferences on which the analysis in this paper are based are , of necessity , speculative .

It is important for all interested parties to acknowledge that there is no ‘ no risk option .
it is important for all interested parties to [noted] that there is no ‘ no risk option .

For papers with seven potential authors the principal investigator may decide to omit one author and instead acknowledge his or her help at the end of the article .
for papers with seven potential authors the principal investigator may decide to omit one author and instead [noted] his or her help at the end of the article .

In official pronouncements there is none of the reluctance found in Britain to acknowledge the existence of a problem and the need to deal with it .
in official pronouncements there is none of the reluctance found in britain to [noted] the existence of a problem and the need to deal with it .

Compared John Campbell , charmer , and being interrogated if he had practiced a charme att Port Askaig with a bible and a key , reading some verses in the fiftieth psalm in order to find out theft , did acknowledge the said charme .
compared john campbell , charmer , and being interrogated if he had practiced a charme att port askaig with a bible and a key , reading some verses in the fiftieth psalm in order to find out theft , did [noted] the said charme .

Compared John Campbell , charmer , and being interrogated if he had practiced a charme att Port Askaig with a bible and a key , reading some verses in the fiftieth psalm in order to find out theft , did acknowledge the said charme .
compared john campbell , charmer , and being interrogated if he had practiced a charme att port askaig with a bible and a key , reading some verses in the fiftieth psalm in order to find out theft , did [noted] the said charme .

When Nizan aggressively proclaimed : `` The time for destruction has returned … Let bourgeois philosophy be cudgelled and smashed by the Revolution `` , when he uncompromisingly asserted : `` Let us have the courage to be crude : let the spirit of subtlety be swept down the sewer … There are only two human species left and the only bond between them is hatred : the one that crushes and the one that refuses to be crushed `` when he pointedly remarked : `` In a world brutally divided into those who rule and those who serve , the philosopher must finally acknowledge a long-concealed secret alliance with those who govern or else declare his solidarity with those who are governed .
when nizan aggressively proclaimed : `` the time for destruction has returned … let bourgeois philosophy be cudgelled and smashed by the revolution `` , when he uncompromisingly asserted : `` let us have the courage to be crude : let the spirit of subtlety be swept down the sewer … there are only two human species left and the only bond between them is hatred : the one that crushes and the one that refuses to be crushed `` when he pointedly remarked : `` in a world brutally divided into those who rule and those who serve , the philosopher must finally [noted] a long-concealed secret alliance with those who govern or else declare his solidarity with those who are governed .

For the first time in days his eyes seemed to acknowledge her .
for the first time in days his eyes seemed to [noted] her .

On the king 's behalf in 1276 he urged Llewellyn , Lord of Snowdonia , to acknowledge Edward as his feudal lord , and in February 1277 he excommunicated Llewellyn for refusing an offer of mediation .
on the king 's behalf in 1276 he urged llewellyn , lord of snowdonia , to [noted] edward as his feudal lord , and in february 1277 he excommunicated llewellyn for refusing an offer of mediation .

All human beings , in order to enter into social relationships with each other , must acknowledge the face of other people .
all human beings , in order to enter into social relationships with each other , must [noted] the face of other people .

While they frequently acknowledge that language may be used to perform many communicative functions , they nonetheless make the general assumption that the most important function is the communication of information .
while they frequently [noted] that language may be used to perform many communicative functions , they nonetheless make the general assumption that the most important function is the communication of information .

Defries laughed . ‘ Do n't you ever say ‘ Yes , ma'am when you acknowledge an order ? ’
defries laughed . ‘ do n't you ever say ‘ yes , ma'am when you [noted] an order ? ’

Acknowledge .
[noted] .

The move from a fenland cottage to a rented London flat had been far too abrupt for Kate , and she was sufficiently self-aware to acknowledge that this was a large factor in her current sense of alienation .
the move from a fenland cottage to a rented london flat had been far too abrupt for kate , and she was sufficiently self-aware to [noted] that this was a large factor in her current sense of alienation .

Had he been truly ignorant at the time of what it was ? Had he known , but refused to acknowledge it ? And did it make any difference , theologically speaking , whether he knew or not ?
had he been truly ignorant at the time of what it was ? had he known , but refused to [noted] it ? and did it make any difference , theologically speaking , whether he knew or not ?

Colourful window blinds and paintings add to the cheerful and friendly atmosphere , reminiscent of the American independents which the Curries acknowledge as a significant influence on their style .
colourful window blinds and paintings add to the cheerful and friendly atmosphere , reminiscent of the american independents which the curries [noted] as a significant influence on their style .

as if the movements of violence would eradicate a reality he preferred not to acknowledge and bring the girl back .
as if the movements of violence would eradicate a reality he preferred not to [noted] and bring the girl back .

Yet she desperately wanted him to acknowledge her , to have some impact on his contained life .
yet she desperately wanted him to [noted] her , to have some impact on his contained life .

As Branson would have been the first to acknowledge , common sense dictated that he avoid it at all costs .
as branson would have been the first to [noted] , common sense dictated that he avoid it at all costs .

As the answers themselves acknowledge , the conduct of governments in their relations with each other may be affected by considerations of policy as well as by considerations of legal characterisation .
as the answers themselves [noted] , the conduct of governments in their relations with each other may be affected by considerations of policy as well as by considerations of legal characterisation .

As to the presumption , Mr. Philipson , while prepared to acknowledge that it would apply to the reasonableness test , submitted that it did not apply when considering whether the Bank of England was acting in performance of its functions .
as to the presumption , mr. philipson , while prepared to [noted] that it would apply to the reasonableness test , submitted that it did not apply when considering whether the bank of england was acting in performance of its functions .

‘ We hereby agree acknowledge and confirm as follows : ( 1 ) That we have each received from you a copy of the guarantee dated 3 July 1987 ( a copy of which is attached hereto ) under which Nicholas Edward O'Brien guarantees the payment and discharge of all moneys and liabilities now or hereafter due owing or incurred by Heathrow Fabrications Ltd. to you .
‘ we hereby agree [noted] and confirm as follows : ( 1 ) that we have each received from you a copy of the guarantee dated 3 july 1987 ( a copy of which is attached hereto ) under which nicholas edward o'brien guarantees the payment and discharge of all moneys and liabilities now or hereafter due owing or incurred by heathrow fabrications ltd. to you .

Parson thought this was ridiculous , but he realized that even days before he would flee , the Shah was unable to acknowledge that power had slid from him like snow from the mountains in spring .
parson thought this was ridiculous , but he realized that even days before he would flee , the shah was unable to [noted] that power had slid from him like snow from the mountains in spring .

Like disrespectful underlings , they did not adequately acknowledge the dominion of their superiors .
like disrespectful underlings , they did not adequately [noted] the dominion of their superiors .

That is , of course , if you are not afraid to acknowledge them .
that is , of course , if you are not afraid to [noted] them .

Helping the sufferer to take the risks of self-disclosure and to acknowledge the need for emotional and practical support and help from others .
helping the sufferer to take the risks of self-disclosure and to [noted] the need for emotional and practical support and help from others .

The sheer facts of experience , however , drive the Christians to acknowledge the deity of Yahweh , Jesus , and the Spirit , whilst distinguishing between them .
the sheer facts of experience , however , drive the christians to [noted] the deity of yahweh , jesus , and the spirit , whilst distinguishing between them .

At about the same time the papers began to acknowledge the existence of the mercato nero , the black market , in bread , butter , pasta and other rationed goods ( it had always flourished , especially in the Po valley ) .
at about the same time the papers began to [noted] the existence of the mercato nero , the black market , in bread , butter , pasta and other rationed goods ( it had always flourished , especially in the po valley ) .

More resources are required and one has to acknowledge that because of their absence the teaching profession is wary of accepting additional responsibilities .
more resources are required and one has to [noted] that because of their absence the teaching profession is wary of accepting additional responsibilities .

Little attempt is made to acknowledge the ethnicity of the pupils .
little attempt is made to [noted] the ethnicity of the pupils .

The pupil pointed out to the teacher and the class that she felt that there is pervasive racial prejudice in the school , which the teachers failed to acknowledge .
the pupil pointed out to the teacher and the class that she felt that there is pervasive racial prejudice in the school , which the teachers failed to [noted] .

Nevertheless , the pupils did acknowledge that not all teachers held negative attitudes towards their ethnicity .
nevertheless , the pupils did [noted] that not all teachers held negative attitudes towards their ethnicity .

How generous he was to acknowledge his own defeat , when he asked one of his rivals -Parrhasius — to draw back the curtain and unveil the portrait underneath , and was told by the artist that the curtain itself was painted .
how generous he was to [noted] his own defeat , when he asked one of his rivals -parrhasius — to draw back the curtain and unveil the portrait underneath , and was told by the artist that the curtain itself was painted .

You can see why he did n't want to acknowledge a family connection with someone who was convicted of murder .
you can see why he did n't want to [noted] a family connection with someone who was convicted of murder .

Connon did n't acknowledge the greeting but just continued to stare at them .
connon did n't [noted] the greeting but just continued to stare at them .

‘ In as much as we acknowledge a leader , ’ said Bec , regarding Grainne thoughtfully .
‘ in as much as we [noted] a leader , ’ said bec , regarding grainne thoughtfully .

This leads to a famous metaphor which comprises for many among the non-political the sole sliver of political theory of which they acknowledge possession , namely Pareto 's distinction between lions ' and ‘ foxes ’ in ruling elites :
this leads to a famous metaphor which comprises for many among the non-political the sole sliver of political theory of which they [noted] possession , namely pareto 's distinction between lions ' and ‘ foxes ’ in ruling elites :

The advisory attributes to which teachers responded most positively were : ready availability , especially in a crisis ; visibility , especially in the classroom ; credibility at both classroom and managerial levels ; preparedness to give a clear lead coupled with a willingness to listen and acknowledge that the schools , too , had expertise ; a combination of authoritativeness with humility ; an open , friendly and supportive manner .
the advisory attributes to which teachers responded most positively were : ready availability , especially in a crisis ; visibility , especially in the classroom ; credibility at both classroom and managerial levels ; preparedness to give a clear lead coupled with a willingness to listen and [noted] that the schools , too , had expertise ; a combination of authoritativeness with humility ; an open , friendly and supportive manner .

Undoubtedly Khrushchev wanted to challenge the Americans , and to force them to acknowledge that Soviet power was an equal match for the power of the United States .
undoubtedly khrushchev wanted to challenge the americans , and to force them to [noted] that soviet power was an equal match for the power of the united states .

The cheers spread to the people who crammed every street which led from the concourse , but Artai did not turn his head or acknowledge them .
the cheers spread to the people who crammed every street which led from the concourse , but artai did not turn his head or [noted] them .

Did his obstinate refusal to acknowledge the divine plan — and his careless use of the Almighty 's name even on his deathbed — mean that he was now consigned to outer darkness , to some chilly region unheated by patent stoves ?
did his obstinate refusal to [noted] the divine plan — and his careless use of the almighty 's name even on his deathbed — mean that he was now consigned to outer darkness , to some chilly region unheated by patent stoves ?

The novel does not question the concept of ‘ theory ’ so much as those theories which refuse to acknowledge the fact that they are ‘ fantastic structures ’ in the mode of the hypothetical , and that their status as autonomous systems will always be compromised by their relation to their object .
the novel does not question the concept of ‘ theory ’ so much as those theories which refuse to [noted] the fact that they are ‘ fantastic structures ’ in the mode of the hypothetical , and that their status as autonomous systems will always be compromised by their relation to their object .

But we shall see as well that the Conservative belief , for both retributive and deterrent purposes , in punishment by incarceration , has at least had to acknowledge economic realities .
but we shall see as well that the conservative belief , for both retributive and deterrent purposes , in punishment by incarceration , has at least had to [noted] economic realities .

Melanee does not have a fixed career pattern planned ahead , ( models acknowledge that they have a short shelflife ) .
melanee does not have a fixed career pattern planned ahead , ( models [noted] that they have a short shelflife ) .

In other words , women 's professional golf is a career which calls for far more in the way of personal sacrifice than most are prepared to acknowledge .
in other words , women 's professional golf is a career which calls for far more in the way of personal sacrifice than most are prepared to [noted] .

Indeed , by failing to acknowledge what applied research has to say on this matter , the Griffiths report proceeds from a false premise ( that care by the community — in its present form — is desirable and will continue ) to a false conclusion ( that publicly provided services can be increasingly restricted to an enabling and facilitating role ) .
indeed , by failing to [noted] what applied research has to say on this matter , the griffiths report proceeds from a false premise ( that care by the community — in its present form — is desirable and will continue ) to a false conclusion ( that publicly provided services can be increasingly restricted to an enabling and facilitating role ) .

It is difficult for us to acknowledge that violence and destruction , on both sides , are expressions of ‘ rational ’ behaviour ; that ‘ reason ’ may be at the heart of violence .
it is difficult for us to [noted] that violence and destruction , on both sides , are expressions of ‘ rational ’ behaviour ; that ‘ reason ’ may be at the heart of violence .

To acknowledge those differences is not a sign of weakness .
to [noted] those differences is not a sign of weakness .

Their refusal to acknowledge the hitherto unfair rating of widows , widowers and single people .
their refusal to [noted] the hitherto unfair rating of widows , widowers and single people .

It is , perhaps , particularly hard for a potentially high-achieving woman to acknowledge that the world of work is not where all her life ambitions lie .
it is , perhaps , particularly hard for a potentially high-achieving woman to [noted] that the world of work is not where all her life ambitions lie .

Because admitting your relationship is foundering is to acknowledge that your home , your security , your way of life and your dreams of the future are all heading for the rocks .
because admitting your relationship is foundering is to [noted] that your home , your security , your way of life and your dreams of the future are all heading for the rocks .

Behind this medical pressure lay the thinly veiled threat that if the government refused to acknowledge its responsibilities towards the armies of the Empire , then the result would be destruction .
behind this medical pressure lay the thinly veiled threat that if the government refused to [noted] its responsibilities towards the armies of the empire , then the result would be destruction .

We acknowledge with gratitude permission to reprint these from The Principal , West Midlands College of Higher Education , and the Secretary , University of Birmingham .
we [noted] with gratitude permission to reprint these from the principal , west midlands college of higher education , and the secretary , university of birmingham .

The course aims to prepare students for quite specific kinds of work in school , and yet must acknowledge the relevance of language use and function in the whole junior school curriculum .
the course aims to prepare students for quite specific kinds of work in school , and yet must [noted] the relevance of language use and function in the whole junior school curriculum .

And there was a man in the driving seat , leaning back against the head-rest , making no move to acknowledge their presence .
and there was a man in the driving seat , leaning back against the head-rest , making no move to [noted] their presence .

Now , at last , he did acknowledge her presence , with a faint nod and a stubborn extension of his lower lip .
now , at last , he did [noted] her presence , with a faint nod and a stubborn extension of his lower lip .

Donna did n't even bother to acknowledge his ramblings now , her mind was too occupied .
donna did n't even bother to [noted] his ramblings now , her mind was too occupied .

Some national newspapers have begun , in their obituary columns , to acknowledge that their subjects , no matter how distinguished , have been like the rest of us , part saint , part sinner .
some national newspapers have begun , in their obituary columns , to [noted] that their subjects , no matter how distinguished , have been like the rest of us , part saint , part sinner .

This is often the feeling the bereaved find most difficult to acknowledge , their anger against the dead person for abandoning them to face the world alone .
this is often the feeling the bereaved find most difficult to [noted] , their anger against the dead person for abandoning them to face the world alone .

They are unable to enter into a total experience of mourning where they acknowledge loss and pain without needing to deny it or blame anyone .
they are unable to enter into a total experience of mourning where they [noted] loss and pain without needing to deny it or blame anyone .

The three of them were able to use some sessions of family therapy to acknowledge the need to grieve for the past as well as to prepare for the future .
the three of them were able to use some sessions of family therapy to [noted] the need to grieve for the past as well as to prepare for the future .

We will seek reassurance that we are loved in all kinds of bizarre ways rather than acknowledge there were times when we were not loved , or we may never have been loved , or even that we may have been hated .
we will seek reassurance that we are loved in all kinds of bizarre ways rather than [noted] there were times when we were not loved , or we may never have been loved , or even that we may have been hated .

It would be wrong not to acknowledge the allegation that that educational philosophy had , in practice , many damaging results in modern European higher education , for example the separation of students from professorial staff , so that the students were often left too much alone by professors who were much more interested in their own inquiries ; the free movement of students across universities and its impact on the coherence of the students ' programme of studies ; and the slow completion and very often non-completion by students of their courses .
it would be wrong not to [noted] the allegation that that educational philosophy had , in practice , many damaging results in modern european higher education , for example the separation of students from professorial staff , so that the students were often left too much alone by professors who were much more interested in their own inquiries ; the free movement of students across universities and its impact on the coherence of the students ' programme of studies ; and the slow completion and very often non-completion by students of their courses .

From its medieval origins , when it provided an intellectual grounding for those intending to earn their living in the law , the church and medicine , higher education has been ready to acknowledge the wider society which sustains it .
from its medieval origins , when it provided an intellectual grounding for those intending to earn their living in the law , the church and medicine , higher education has been ready to [noted] the wider society which sustains it .

Nicholson did n't turn , hardly seemed to acknowledge the other voice .
nicholson did n't turn , hardly seemed to [noted] the other voice .

’ They have no illusions about social mobility and success : they refuse to acknowledge or accommodate the values on which the ultimate security of the mainstream culture depends .
’ they have no illusions about social mobility and success : they refuse to [noted] or accommodate the values on which the ultimate security of the mainstream culture depends .

Leaders are given their roles by their putative followers ; their ‘ authority ’ may technically be removed if their followers cease to acknowledge them .
leaders are given their roles by their putative followers ; their ‘ authority ’ may technically be removed if their followers cease to [noted] them .

He was also ready to acknowledge the failures of bureaucracy and deplored an organisation of ‘ little cogs , little men , clinging to little jobs and striving towards bigger ones .
he was also ready to [noted] the failures of bureaucracy and deplored an organisation of ‘ little cogs , little men , clinging to little jobs and striving towards bigger ones .

This power can only belong to a person if others acknowledge him to be an expert .
this power can only belong to a person if others [noted] him to be an expert .

An obituarist described him as ‘ a man of remarkable energy , great sincerity and charm , always ready to acknowledge merit in others ’ .
an obituarist described him as ‘ a man of remarkable energy , great sincerity and charm , always ready to [noted] merit in others ’ .

Later scholars who worked on Roman and prehistoric remains in the north of England freely acknowledge their debt to MacLauchlan 's draughtsmanship , accuracy , and outstanding physical endeavours .
later scholars who worked on roman and prehistoric remains in the north of england freely [noted] their debt to maclauchlan 's draughtsmanship , accuracy , and outstanding physical endeavours .

The academic world was then hardly prepared to acknowledge the presence of a specifically Jewish factor in European economic and political history .
the academic world was then hardly prepared to [noted] the presence of a specifically jewish factor in european economic and political history .

This response has incorporated the respectable face of feminism , concerned with ‘ equal rights ’ , into its understanding and provision , with a range of initiatives intended to acknowledge the justice of equal opportunities .
this response has incorporated the respectable face of feminism , concerned with ‘ equal rights ’ , into its understanding and provision , with a range of initiatives intended to [noted] the justice of equal opportunities .

But then , the intention is not to solve social problems so easily , only to acknowledge them .
but then , the intention is not to solve social problems so easily , only to [noted] them .

It is clear , however , that social man is , for better or worse , seizing control of his terrestrial environment and any geographical methodology which does not acknowledge this fact is doomed to in-built obsolescence .
it is clear , however , that social man is , for better or worse , seizing control of his terrestrial environment and any geographical methodology which does not [noted] this fact is doomed to in-built obsolescence .

‘ It is clear , however , that social man is , for better or worse , seizing control of his terrestrial environment and any geographical methodology which does not acknowledge this fact is doomed to inbuilt obsolescence . ’
‘ it is clear , however , that social man is , for better or worse , seizing control of his terrestrial environment and any geographical methodology which does not [noted] this fact is doomed to inbuilt obsolescence . ’

Alexandra was clearly in the wrong but , in a typically female way , she refused to acknowledge it , blaming the whole fiasco on him .
alexandra was clearly in the wrong but , in a typically female way , she refused to [noted] it , blaming the whole fiasco on him .

Of particular importance is the need for comprehensive assessment to embody meaningful mechanisms for user and carer participation and empowerment ; to acknowledge not only need and risk but strengths and resources ; to regard the older person as the centre of a network of personal , familial , and social factors which together determine her or his quality of life and level of risk .
of particular importance is the need for comprehensive assessment to embody meaningful mechanisms for user and carer participation and empowerment ; to [noted] not only need and risk but strengths and resources ; to regard the older person as the centre of a network of personal , familial , and social factors which together determine her or his quality of life and level of risk .

The need to acknowledge the declining relevance of the classic welfare state and some of its associated values ( particularly the notion of rights ) is one of the issues emphasized by Culpitt .
the need to [noted] the declining relevance of the classic welfare state and some of its associated values ( particularly the notion of rights ) is one of the issues emphasized by culpitt .

Networking out through the families and friends of Libyans he knew , talking to people in their homes , in coffee shops , in the markets and on the streets , Coleman met no one prepared to acknowledge even the smallest justification for the American action .
networking out through the families and friends of libyans he knew , talking to people in their homes , in coffee shops , in the markets and on the streets , coleman met no one prepared to [noted] even the smallest justification for the american action .

She broke off to acknowledge an old man trudging by : ‘ Good day to you , Mr Ivey !
she broke off to [noted] an old man trudging by : ‘ good day to you , mr ivey !

’ Marks broke off to acknowledge a greeting from a newcomer who went to the bar .
’ marks broke off to [noted] a greeting from a newcomer who went to the bar .

And yet , even though her father had talked to her like one adult to another , as if at last he was ready to acknowledge that she 'd grown up and was making her own decisions , she 'd sensed the undercurrent of despair in what he was saying .
and yet , even though her father had talked to her like one adult to another , as if at last he was ready to [noted] that she 'd grown up and was making her own decisions , she 'd sensed the undercurrent of despair in what he was saying .

For both of them , their work was to be a spokesman for God , taking His message to people who did n't really acknowledge Him in their lives .
for both of them , their work was to be a spokesman for god , taking his message to people who did n't really [noted] him in their lives .

Father , You are lord of the church and we acknowledge that you are lord of St Leonard 's .
father , you are lord of the church and we [noted] that you are lord of st leonard 's .

He will acknowledge receipt of your reference within 5 working days .
he will [noted] receipt of your reference within 5 working days .

Just a quick note to acknowledge receipt of the two papers you have prepared for the review .
just a quick note to [noted] receipt of the two papers you have prepared for the review .

Thank you for your letter of the 9th June safe receipt of which we hereby acknowledge .
thank you for your letter of the 9th june safe receipt of which we hereby [noted] .

Whilst it would have been sensible for the remit to have been reviewed at time the organisation was created , we acknowledge the political realities that existed .
whilst it would have been sensible for the remit to have been reviewed at time the organisation was created , we [noted] the political realities that existed .

In framing its policies for the future , we hope that the Council will fully acknowledge the importance of the land use planning system , something which is not clearly enough stated in Threshold 21 .
in framing its policies for the future , we hope that the council will fully [noted] the importance of the land use planning system , something which is not clearly enough stated in threshold 21 .

While it is understood that the pupil will acknowledge the Church 's viewpoint , it is recognised that he/she may express a personal opinion which differs from , and/or is critical of , the Church 's teaching/practice .
while it is understood that the pupil will [noted] the church 's viewpoint , it is recognised that he/she may express a personal opinion which differs from , and/or is critical of , the church 's teaching/practice .

Although there is no absolute legal requirement , it is safest to ensure that there is some reference to the terms on the face of the document ; for instance : This order is for the supply of goods subject to the terms printed overleaf or We acknowledge receipt of your order and agree to supply you , subject to our terms printed overleaf .
although there is no absolute legal requirement , it is safest to ensure that there is some reference to the terms on the face of the document ; for instance : this order is for the supply of goods subject to the terms printed overleaf or we [noted] receipt of your order and agree to supply you , subject to our terms printed overleaf .

It may be sufficient simply to use words such as : We acknowledge receipt of your order and agree to supply you , subject to our terms of business .
it may be sufficient simply to use words such as : we [noted] receipt of your order and agree to supply you , subject to our terms of business .

The reference might therefore state : We acknowledge receipt of your order and agree to supply you , subject to our terms of business .
the reference might therefore state : we [noted] receipt of your order and agree to supply you , subject to our terms of business .

In order to avoid being taken to have accepted a seller 's terms by accepting a delivery note , the buyer may arrange for its warehouse staff to acknowledge receipt of goods delivered by issuing a form referring to its own terms ; alternatively , it may stamp the seller 's delivery note with a receipt referring to its own terms , which may be effective to incorporate them if the stamp is legible .
in order to avoid being taken to have accepted a seller 's terms by accepting a delivery note , the buyer may arrange for its warehouse staff to [noted] receipt of goods delivered by issuing a form referring to its own terms ; alternatively , it may stamp the seller 's delivery note with a receipt referring to its own terms , which may be effective to incorporate them if the stamp is legible .

Blake does acknowledge `` critical overkill `` ( p. 144 ) , but claims that by applying these various techniques the poem `` can be appreciated more fully and critically `` ( p. 144 ) .
blake does [noted] `` critical overkill `` ( p. 144 ) , but claims that by applying these various techniques the poem `` can be appreciated more fully and critically `` ( p. 144 ) .

Thinking strategically requires you to acknowledge that what has worked before may not be successful in the future .
thinking strategically requires you to [noted] that what has worked before may not be successful in the future .

It behoves all who wish journalists and broadcasters to enjoy `` rights `` to acknowledge that others have valid claims to legal protection as well — to lead a private life , to undergo a trial free from sensational prejudice , and to have false accusations corrected with the same prominence as they are made .
it behoves all who wish journalists and broadcasters to enjoy `` rights `` to [noted] that others have valid claims to legal protection as well — to lead a private life , to undergo a trial free from sensational prejudice , and to have false accusations corrected with the same prominence as they are made .

Almost all prosodists will acknowledge this in theory ; in practice they have continued to examine only the linguistic surface of poetry and to regard its prosodic elements as themselves elements of rhythm .
almost all prosodists will [noted] this in theory ; in practice they have continued to examine only the linguistic surface of poetry and to regard its prosodic elements as themselves elements of rhythm .

’ She gave a shrug , longing to acknowledge that they shared a sorrow , but unable to do so .
’ she gave a shrug , longing to [noted] that they shared a sorrow , but unable to do so .

As a result of which , she had to acknowledge ruefully , everything in her wardrobe , while it might be of good quality , was strictly practical .
as a result of which , she had to [noted] ruefully , everything in her wardrobe , while it might be of good quality , was strictly practical .

Diminutive , dark-haired , she had the kind of flawless , honeyed skin that any woman would envy , and the sight of Niall 's hand , proprietorially against her back , filled Lindsey with an emotion she absolutely refused to acknowledge as jealousy .
diminutive , dark-haired , she had the kind of flawless , honeyed skin that any woman would envy , and the sight of niall 's hand , proprietorially against her back , filled lindsey with an emotion she absolutely refused to [noted] as jealousy .

The thought rose uncharitably to fill her mind , and suddenly , for some inexplicable reason , the sight of Adele Duncan 's tearful smile and Niall 's look of concern filled her with an emotion she refused to acknowledge as jealousy .
the thought rose uncharitably to fill her mind , and suddenly , for some inexplicable reason , the sight of adele duncan 's tearful smile and niall 's look of concern filled her with an emotion she refused to [noted] as jealousy .

The Scottish Council is pleased to acknowledge the co-operation and hospitality of the Irvine Development Corporation , the City of Aberdeen District Council , Clydesdale District Council and Highland Regional Council .
the scottish council is pleased to [noted] the co-operation and hospitality of the irvine development corporation , the city of aberdeen district council , clydesdale district council and highland regional council .

The Scottish Council is pleased to acknowledge the co-operation and hospitality of Glenrothes Development Corporation , Tayside Regional Council , East Lothian District Council and Falkirk District Council .
the scottish council is pleased to [noted] the co-operation and hospitality of glenrothes development corporation , tayside regional council , east lothian district council and falkirk district council .

That was a mind-stopping memory … it was disturbing enough to acknowledge it was true .
that was a mind-stopping memory … it was disturbing enough to [noted] it was true .

Almost giddy with nervous tension and a feeling she refused to acknowledge as fear , Luce sighed with relief .
almost giddy with nervous tension and a feeling she refused to [noted] as fear , luce sighed with relief .

She had to acknowledge that she was having extremely strong feelings for her enigmatic boss — feelings that were defying her ability to control them .
she had to [noted] that she was having extremely strong feelings for her enigmatic boss — feelings that were defying her ability to control them .

Someone called out to her , and she turned to acknowledge it , at the same time feeling herself collide with a broad chest in a white coat .
someone called out to her , and she turned to [noted] it , at the same time feeling herself collide with a broad chest in a white coat .

‘ It 's not fair ! ’ he declared , putting the phone back on its rest . ‘ She 's terrified of them ! Lord knows what they say to her , but they must be on at her night and day , to get her into a state where she 's afraid to acknowledge me on the phone ! ’
‘ it 's not fair ! ’ he declared , putting the phone back on its rest . ‘ she 's terrified of them ! lord knows what they say to her , but they must be on at her night and day , to get her into a state where she 's afraid to [noted] me on the phone ! ’

She settled down to wait with a book on caving she found in his bookcase , but after a while she had to acknowledge he 'd been gone longer than she 'd expected .
she settled down to wait with a book on caving she found in his bookcase , but after a while she had to [noted] he 'd been gone longer than she 'd expected .

‘ So many terraces , ’ she mooned , refusing to acknowledge how amazing he looked in black trousers and a white evening jacket ; even the tea-towel over his shoulder did nothing to disarm his incredible elegance .
‘ so many terraces , ’ she mooned , refusing to [noted] how amazing he looked in black trousers and a white evening jacket ; even the tea-towel over his shoulder did nothing to disarm his incredible elegance .

It had only taken a matter of yards for her to acknowledge that her sandals made abysmal hiking boots .
it had only taken a matter of yards for her to [noted] that her sandals made abysmal hiking boots .

Would he publicly acknowledge the little boy as his , or might he prefer to ignore his existence ?
would he publicly [noted] the little boy as his , or might he prefer to ignore his existence ?

The conditions of use to which all users are required to agree insist among other things that users should not attempt to identify particular individuals or households , that the data should only be used for academic purposes , and that any publications which make extensive use of the data should acknowledge this .
the conditions of use to which all users are required to agree insist among other things that users should not attempt to identify particular individuals or households , that the data should only be used for academic purposes , and that any publications which make extensive use of the data should [noted] this .

The first step in the proceedings taken by a defendant is now governed by Ords 12 and 13 and has two functions — to acknowledge that he has been served with the writ and to give the plaintiff notice that he intends to defend the proceedings .
the first step in the proceedings taken by a defendant is now governed by ords 12 and 13 and has two functions — to [noted] that he has been served with the writ and to give the plaintiff notice that he intends to defend the proceedings .

Only partners in their own names can acknowledge service .
only partners in their own names can [noted] service .

( c ) Enforcement of judgments Where there has been a judgment against the firm , execution may be issued against : ( 1 ) assets of the firm ; or ( 2 ) any person who has acknowledged service as a partner ; or ( 3 ) any person served as a partner who has failed to acknowledge service ; or ( 4 ) any person who has admitted in his pleading to being a partner or who has been found by the court to be a partner .
( c ) enforcement of judgments where there has been a judgment against the firm , execution may be issued against : ( 1 ) assets of the firm ; or ( 2 ) any person who has acknowledged service as a partner ; or ( 3 ) any person served as a partner who has failed to [noted] service ; or ( 4 ) any person who has admitted in his pleading to being a partner or who has been found by the court to be a partner .

The Group of 77 , an alliance of developing nations , has demanded that developed countries acknowledge the pollution they have created and pay for it .
the group of 77 , an alliance of developing nations , has demanded that developed countries [noted] the pollution they have created and pay for it .

Carol Christ well writes in disagreement with Schüssler Fiorenza : ‘ To acknowledge a kind of intellectual and conceptual debt to Western biblical traditions is not the same as to acknowledge loyalty to those traditions .
carol christ well writes in disagreement with schüssler fiorenza : ‘ to [noted] a kind of intellectual and conceptual debt to western biblical traditions is not the same as to [noted] loyalty to those traditions .

`` You acknowledge , Mr Hopkin , you acknowledge !
`` you [noted] , mr hopkin , you [noted] !

Whenever possible he had been forcing the lords of Aquitaine to acknowledge that they held their `` honours `` , their counties , viscounties and other seigneuries , not as independent lordships but as fiefs , for which they owed the Duke homage .
whenever possible he had been forcing the lords of aquitaine to [noted] that they held their `` honours `` , their counties , viscounties and other seigneuries , not as independent lordships but as fiefs , for which they owed the duke homage .

Henry should acknowledge Richard as his heir .
henry should [noted] richard as his heir .

Eight-year-olds were beginning to acknowledge the distinction , in that when they used the causal connectives in the deductive mode they appropriately followed because with evidence and so with a conclusion .
eight-year-olds were beginning to [noted] the distinction , in that when they used the causal connectives in the deductive mode they appropriately followed because with evidence and so with a conclusion .

Even advocates of the doctrine acknowledge that it must be exercised within defined limits , and not be allowed to serve as a facade for the furtherance of the intervening State 's own ends .
even advocates of the doctrine [noted] that it must be exercised within defined limits , and not be allowed to serve as a facade for the furtherance of the intervening state 's own ends .

There are , of course , differences in temperament and speed of learning between infants even at this early stage , as well as differences in reaction to stimuli and in state of alertness — but any mother will acknowledge the change observable in behaviour patterns of her child during its first week of life .
there are , of course , differences in temperament and speed of learning between infants even at this early stage , as well as differences in reaction to stimuli and in state of alertness — but any mother will [noted] the change observable in behaviour patterns of her child during its first week of life .

She had married the King of Spain ; she had restored the Latin Mass ; she had required her subjects to acknowledge the authority of the Pope which her own father had so blatantly flouted .
she had married the king of spain ; she had restored the latin mass ; she had required her subjects to [noted] the authority of the pope which her own father had so blatantly flouted .

Sara bowed to acknowledge this .
sara bowed to [noted] this .

It is best to acknowledge that `` style `` , like `` meaning `` , is a word which can be used either in a broader or a narrower sense .
it is best to [noted] that `` style `` , like `` meaning `` , is a word which can be used either in a broader or a narrower sense .

The recognition of cohesion and consistency in preference is important : without it , one would scarcely acknowledge a style .
the recognition of cohesion and consistency in preference is important : without it , one would scarcely [noted] a style .

The educational background and training of chartered librarians in Britain has not been well understood by teachers , and in particular it has been noticeable how reluctant spokesmen of the School Library Association have been to acknowledge that some librarians have received a special training in work with children of school age , with materials for children of school age , and involving more than an acquaintance with the study of educational systems and methods and of child development .
the educational background and training of chartered librarians in britain has not been well understood by teachers , and in particular it has been noticeable how reluctant spokesmen of the school library association have been to [noted] that some librarians have received a special training in work with children of school age , with materials for children of school age , and involving more than an acquaintance with the study of educational systems and methods and of child development .

We acknowledge that measurement imparts some disturbance to the system observed but we see no barrier of principle to reducing this to any arbitrary assigned degree of smallness .
we [noted] that measurement imparts some disturbance to the system observed but we see no barrier of principle to reducing this to any arbitrary assigned degree of smallness .

We shall get nowhere if we do not acknowledge this .
we shall get nowhere if we do not [noted] this .

None the less James could also acknowledge that `` There is no teacher of English in our universities more desirous and more able to make the study of English literature a living power than Dr. Leavis . ``
none the less james could also [noted] that `` there is no teacher of english in our universities more desirous and more able to make the study of english literature a living power than dr. leavis . ``

We urge you to protect the livelihood and acknowledge the importance of community-based grassroots media representing the opinions of major sectors of the population which have little or no access to the mass media .
we urge you to protect the livelihood and [noted] the importance of community-based grassroots media representing the opinions of major sectors of the population which have little or no access to the mass media .

Though few proceed so far as Grant Gilmore in awarding a death certificate to the classical law of contract , as exceptions to the rules multiply , most writers at least acknowledge that novel principles destroy the crispness and generality of such doctrines as consideration and privity .
though few proceed so far as grant gilmore in awarding a death certificate to the classical law of contract , as exceptions to the rules multiply , most writers at least [noted] that novel principles destroy the crispness and generality of such doctrines as consideration and privity .

Of course , choice theories acknowledge some limits upon this principle in order to avoid the enforcement of illegal or immoral acts .
of course , choice theories [noted] some limits upon this principle in order to avoid the enforcement of illegal or immoral acts .

In the second place , some choice theorists , working within the traditions of the common law , feel compelled to acknowledge the existence of a limitation upon the enforcement of promises and agreements in order to account for the common law 's doctrine of consideration .
in the second place , some choice theorists , working within the traditions of the common law , feel compelled to [noted] the existence of a limitation upon the enforcement of promises and agreements in order to account for the common law 's doctrine of consideration .

Yet company law doctrine has failed to acknowledge this .
yet company law doctrine has failed to [noted] this .

Central Asia is acknowledge by most authorities as the most likely birthplace of the oriental rug , and the Turkoman nomads , who have inhabited the region for millennia , are generally accepted as having inherited the oldest pile-weaving tradition still in existence .
central asia is [noted] by most authorities as the most likely birthplace of the oriental rug , and the turkoman nomads , who have inhabited the region for millennia , are generally accepted as having inherited the oldest pile-weaving tradition still in existence .

However , we then have to acknowledge that the marginal benefit to any individual shareholder without a controlling interest is likely to be very small .
however , we then have to [noted] that the marginal benefit to any individual shareholder without a controlling interest is likely to be very small .

These collocations could be regarded as extensions to the base meaning of a particular word ; for example , in the case of ’ weak ’ , we could regard the base meaning as ’ lack of physical strength ’ and then acknowledge modifications to this base meaning when used in the context of describing solutions .
these collocations could be regarded as extensions to the base meaning of a particular word ; for example , in the case of ’ weak ’ , we could regard the base meaning as ’ lack of physical strength ’ and then [noted] modifications to this base meaning when used in the context of describing solutions .

On the other , by forcing prostitutes and their neighbours publicly to acknowledge what had previously been informally tolerated they introduced a stricter redefinition of acceptable behaviour , thereby facilitating the social isolation of prostitutes .
on the other , by forcing prostitutes and their neighbours publicly to [noted] what had previously been informally tolerated they introduced a stricter redefinition of acceptable behaviour , thereby facilitating the social isolation of prostitutes .

The value of formal education was largely endorsed by Rogers ' family , who taught him to read before school , although he does acknowledge their concern about his consequent impractical nature .
the value of formal education was largely endorsed by rogers ' family , who taught him to read before school , although he does [noted] their concern about his consequent impractical nature .

‘ We acknowledge the good work done by some workers but any change is still very piecemeal , ’ she said .
‘ we [noted] the good work done by some workers but any change is still very piecemeal , ’ she said .

But for this to be achieved , the government must acknowledge it as a problem worth solving .
but for this to be achieved , the government must [noted] it as a problem worth solving .

You need , first of all , to have a sufficiently open system to know that this change has occurred , and secondly to be willing to acknowledge the change , and go through the whole exercise again .
you need , first of all , to have a sufficiently open system to know that this change has occurred , and secondly to be willing to [noted] the change , and go through the whole exercise again .

Some hotels telephone confirmation of a booking and will of course acknowledge receipt of a deposit or a special request if the time factor allows .
some hotels telephone confirmation of a booking and will of course [noted] receipt of a deposit or a special request if the time factor allows .

Turkish efforts to reverse the verdict between 1787 and 1791 were unavailing and by the Treaty of Jassy she was compelled to acknowledge Russian rule across the northern coast of the Black Sea .
turkish efforts to reverse the verdict between 1787 and 1791 were unavailing and by the treaty of jassy she was compelled to [noted] russian rule across the northern coast of the black sea .

First , it is ( or should be ) well known that the peer review system is not infallible and , further , that the best journals openly acknowledge that editorial judgement on the importance of a paper and its estimated interest to readers play an important role in deciding which papers to publish and which to reject .
first , it is ( or should be ) well known that the peer review system is not infallible and , further , that the best journals openly [noted] that editorial judgement on the importance of a paper and its estimated interest to readers play an important role in deciding which papers to publish and which to reject .

We acknowledge that stroke patients may be classified in the progressive or non-progressive disorder category .
we [noted] that stroke patients may be classified in the progressive or non-progressive disorder category .

Some people do n't watch anything , in fact , it has become a serious offence to acknowledge the existence of anyone else .
some people do n't watch anything , in fact , it has become a serious offence to [noted] the existence of anyone else .

proficiency certification often in some way a summary `` or measure of achievement on the course of instruction and often used for selection purposes , or to acknowledge success .
proficiency certification often in some way a summary `` or measure of achievement on the course of instruction and often used for selection purposes , or to [noted] success .

It may be that at a low level of a graduated test scheme teachers may wish to acknowledge a pupil 's recognition of only an equilateral or isosceles triangle as a triangle .
it may be that at a low level of a graduated test scheme teachers may wish to [noted] a pupil 's recognition of only an equilateral or isosceles triangle as a triangle .

But we need not therefore deny that we acknowledge them . ``
but we need not therefore deny that we [noted] them . ``

Do n't list exceptions at the same time as you discuss particular spellings : acknowledge them but do n't make a fuss about them .
do n't list exceptions at the same time as you discuss particular spellings : [noted] them but do n't make a fuss about them .

The same basic policy should be used for all `` exceptions `` : acknowledge the existence of alternatives , and encourage the habit of checking guesses by referring to the dictionary .
the same basic policy should be used for all `` exceptions `` : [noted] the existence of alternatives , and encourage the habit of checking guesses by referring to the dictionary .

Bernard Shaw 's much-quoted example of ghoti as a way of spelling fish shows both his wit and his refusal to acknowledge the regularity and predictability of English spelling .
bernard shaw 's much-quoted example of ghoti as a way of spelling fish shows both his wit and his refusal to [noted] the regularity and predictability of english spelling .

‘ It 's important to acknowledge what they feel , but to point out that it 's not acceptable to inflict injury on other , ’ she says .
‘ it 's important to [noted] what they feel , but to point out that it 's not acceptable to inflict injury on other , ’ she says .

It 's vital to acknowledge their worries and explain what has happened .
it 's vital to [noted] their worries and explain what has happened .

Yet the evidence that full-blooded monetarist reform will successfully modernise the Czechoslovak economy is slender , while its advocates refuse to acknowledge the social consequences .
yet the evidence that full-blooded monetarist reform will successfully modernise the czechoslovak economy is slender , while its advocates refuse to [noted] the social consequences .

Liking his work ( or not ) is one thing , failing to acknowledge his critical importance another .
liking his work ( or not ) is one thing , failing to [noted] his critical importance another .

On the one hand you could give it your best shot on the decriminalisation of homosexuality , on the liberalising of legislation in relation to condoms and on the introduction of divorce legislation — all of which in private you would acknowledge as being desirable if not essential . Give Dessie a call !
on the one hand you could give it your best shot on the decriminalisation of homosexuality , on the liberalising of legislation in relation to condoms and on the introduction of divorce legislation — all of which in private you would [noted] as being desirable if not essential . give dessie a call !

Functionalists fail to acknowledge that social institutions do not operate ‘ magically ’ in the interests of all but frequently work to the benefit of some at the expense of others .
functionalists fail to [noted] that social institutions do not operate ‘ magically ’ in the interests of all but frequently work to the benefit of some at the expense of others .

Even dark green have to acknowledge that Julia Hailes has made an important contribution .
even dark green have to [noted] that julia hailes has made an important contribution .

Here we must pause to acknowledge that Morgenthau does not always advocate a scientific approach as he did in Politics among Nations .
here we must pause to [noted] that morgenthau does not always advocate a scientific approach as he did in politics among nations .

In particular , it fails to guide the choice between amending and discarding theories which are in trouble with the facts , and it fails to acknowledge that facts depend on theory to identify them .
in particular , it fails to guide the choice between amending and discarding theories which are in trouble with the facts , and it fails to [noted] that facts depend on theory to identify them .

If you do n't acknowledge this resentment , you will inevitably let it seep out and it 's all too easy to punish him by hinting at inadequacies , and burden him with guilt at your loss .
if you do n't [noted] this resentment , you will inevitably let it seep out and it 's all too easy to punish him by hinting at inadequacies , and burden him with guilt at your loss .

If one is honest , one can only acknowledge this situation — that all things are possible , but that some are more possible than others .
if one is honest , one can only [noted] this situation — that all things are possible , but that some are more possible than others .

, Israel itself had become a territory of the Roman Empire , forced to acknowledge a secular ruler who — in blasphemous affront to every tenet of Judaism — dared to proclaim himself a god .
, israel itself had become a territory of the roman empire , forced to [noted] a secular ruler who — in blasphemous affront to every tenet of judaism — dared to proclaim himself a god .

It is evident that certain people , from radically diverse backgrounds and with radically diverse interests , are quite prepared to acknowledge the validity of this claim .
it is evident that certain people , from radically diverse backgrounds and with radically diverse interests , are quite prepared to [noted] the validity of this claim .

In contrast to a conventional revolutionary , Jesus must be seen as what the Gospels themselves acknowledge him to be — a claimant to the throne of David , a rightful king , whose sceptre , like David 's , implied both spiritual and temporal sovereignty .
in contrast to a conventional revolutionary , jesus must be seen as what the gospels themselves [noted] him to be — a claimant to the throne of david , a rightful king , whose sceptre , like david 's , implied both spiritual and temporal sovereignty .

It was also quite prepared to acknowledge that the Messiah was not a pacific , ethereal , lamb-like saviour , but a rightful and wrathful king , a political and military leader presiding not over any nebulous kingdom of heaven , but over very real terrestrial domains .
it was also quite prepared to [noted] that the messiah was not a pacific , ethereal , lamb-like saviour , but a rightful and wrathful king , a political and military leader presiding not over any nebulous kingdom of heaven , but over very real terrestrial domains .

No Jew should acknowledge the Roman Emperor as his master .
no jew should [noted] the roman emperor as his master .

Within the official school framework there are penalties for inappropriate behaviour and the pupils acknowledge , at least , its theoretical structure .
within the official school framework there are penalties for inappropriate behaviour and the pupils [noted] , at least , its theoretical structure .

While deregulation refers to the breaking down of barriers that inhibit competition , impede efficiency , and restrict consumer choice , governments nonetheless acknowledge that some policy goals are too important to be left to heavily market orientated deregulatory processes .
while deregulation refers to the breaking down of barriers that inhibit competition , impede efficiency , and restrict consumer choice , governments nonetheless [noted] that some policy goals are too important to be left to heavily market orientated deregulatory processes .

This is not to reject the approach out of hand ; but merely to acknowledge that it has weaknesses .
this is not to reject the approach out of hand ; but merely to [noted] that it has weaknesses .

When they acknowledge receipt of an article journals sometimes state how long authors should expect to wait before receiving a decision , although few make this information more widely available .
when they [noted] receipt of an article journals sometimes state how long authors should expect to wait before receiving a decision , although few make this information more widely available .

The claim is implicit in the child 's own social interactions and unless we are blind or acting in chronic bad faith we can do no other than acknowledge it .
the claim is implicit in the child 's own social interactions and unless we are blind or acting in chronic bad faith we can do no other than [noted] it .

In the third phase , the scientific , men acknowledge their smallness and the necessities of nature , but some feelings of omnipotence remain , in the belief in the power of the human mind to conquer nature .
in the third phase , the scientific , men [noted] their smallness and the necessities of nature , but some feelings of omnipotence remain , in the belief in the power of the human mind to conquer nature .

Part of us wishes to see these loved ones dead , and if we refuse to acknowledge this , then we will worry about their possible deaths , and not cope with grief and guilt after they do in fact die .
part of us wishes to see these loved ones dead , and if we refuse to [noted] this , then we will worry about their possible deaths , and not cope with grief and guilt after they do in fact die .

It would be possible to acknowledge that this type of emotional layer exists in human beings , and that it finds expression in the brutality men are capable of inflicting on one another .
it would be possible to [noted] that this type of emotional layer exists in human beings , and that it finds expression in the brutality men are capable of inflicting on one another .

All the sessions will be by appointment and ministry staff will be present to receive and acknowledge completed forms .
all the sessions will be by appointment and ministry staff will be present to receive and [noted] completed forms .

The Fuel Contracts Team acknowledge the document will continue to be developed .
the fuel contracts team [noted] the document will continue to be developed .

Now they acknowledge that there is a continuing role for the English Tourist Board at the national level .
now they [noted] that there is a continuing role for the english tourist board at the national level .

It does not ensure that the buyer will acknowledge the debt or indeed settle the invoice when due and therefore demands a great deal of trust between both parties .
it does not ensure that the buyer will [noted] the debt or indeed settle the invoice when due and therefore demands a great deal of trust between both parties .

This will spare them the necessity of checking to find out why you did n't acknowledge the call .
this will spare them the necessity of checking to find out why you did n't [noted] the call .

We acknowledge the ready cooperation and forbearance of the headteachers who completed two long and detailed surveys .
we [noted] the ready cooperation and forbearance of the headteachers who completed two long and detailed surveys .

register and acknowledge your idea
register and [noted] your idea

This is to acknowledge receipt of your cheque for one place at the above at the member rate of Five Pounds ( £5.00 ) .
this is to [noted] receipt of your cheque for one place at the above at the member rate of five pounds ( £5.00 ) .

No-one will ever acknowledge what 's happened today .
no-one will ever [noted] what 's happened today .

The Doctor did not acknowledge him .
the doctor did not [noted] him .

‘ She should acknowledge her fault . ’
‘ she should [noted] her fault . ’

Jessica and Mallachy had moved beyond armed politeness , but not significantly , and there was a palpable edge to many of their exchanges that Karen assumed meant they fancied each other , but could not climb down enough to acknowledge it .
jessica and mallachy had moved beyond armed politeness , but not significantly , and there was a palpable edge to many of their exchanges that karen assumed meant they fancied each other , but could not climb down enough to [noted] it .

‘ Lizabette , daughter of Jean Lucier of Dover , ’ said her father , shouldering his way through the crowd and taking hold of her elbow as if to acknowledge ownership .
‘ lizabette , daughter of jean lucier of dover , ’ said her father , shouldering his way through the crowd and taking hold of her elbow as if to [noted] ownership .

Eventually , Lenin was even forced to acknowledge the need for bureaucratic privilege .
eventually , lenin was even forced to [noted] the need for bureaucratic privilege .

While substantial general support for the dependency approach was accumulated , most scholars now acknowledge that the dependentistas were never able to explain satisfactorily the economic growth and social and industrial development that had clearly taken place in some Third World countries .
while substantial general support for the dependency approach was accumulated , most scholars now [noted] that the dependentistas were never able to explain satisfactorily the economic growth and social and industrial development that had clearly taken place in some third world countries .

We acknowledge the limitations imposed by the small size of this pilot study , and the arbitrary grouping of specimens into proximal and distal mucosa .
we [noted] the limitations imposed by the small size of this pilot study , and the arbitrary grouping of specimens into proximal and distal mucosa .

‘ We do n't acknowledge them !
‘ we do n't [noted] them !

The failure of the government to acknowledge the ‘ irredeemable poverty ’ ( Kochan ) of the masses , forced the peasants and workers to demonstrate their grievances .
the failure of the government to [noted] the ‘ irredeemable poverty ’ ( kochan ) of the masses , forced the peasants and workers to demonstrate their grievances .

Van Laue is willing to acknowledge progressive development listed by an united opposition , economic expansion , and advance in education , and the improved peasant status .
van laue is willing to [noted] progressive development listed by an united opposition , economic expansion , and advance in education , and the improved peasant status .

As a Scot , Malky was married in the kilt , wearing his formal black jacket as he refused to acknowledge the hot temperatures of the holiday island .
as a scot , malky was married in the kilt , wearing his formal black jacket as he refused to [noted] the hot temperatures of the holiday island .

How can we as Black women have any faith in a police force which refuses to acknowledge our calls for help , refuses to provide protection , and refuses to take action against those who attack us ?
how can we as black women have any faith in a police force which refuses to [noted] our calls for help , refuses to provide protection , and refuses to take action against those who attack us ?

Before responding to this objection against religion it is important first to acknowledge the insights it brings — insights often neglected in earlier centuries .
before responding to this objection against religion it is important first to [noted] the insights it brings — insights often neglected in earlier centuries .

People may actually be right but that is not an excuse for smugness , and non-interest in what anybody else thinks except to knock them down and force them to acknowledge the superiority of one 's own views .
people may actually be right but that is not an excuse for smugness , and non-interest in what anybody else thinks except to knock them down and force them to [noted] the superiority of one 's own views .

The nineteenth century headteacher who knew he was right that God loved everyone , and would therefore thrash any boy who did not acknowledge that , had in fact paid almost no attention whatever to the content of his belief .
the nineteenth century headteacher who knew he was right that god loved everyone , and would therefore thrash any boy who did not [noted] that , had in fact paid almost no attention whatever to the content of his belief .

It should acknowledge what is confessional about itself too which compromises it and opposes its intended outcome of openness and tolerance .
it should [noted] what is confessional about itself too which compromises it and opposes its intended outcome of openness and tolerance .

For they are not the goal , but a means to something else , and any understanding of the religion concerned must acknowledge this .
for they are not the goal , but a means to something else , and any understanding of the religion concerned must [noted] this .

All religions show how difficult the path is to embodying their high moral ideals — they acknowledge a high failure rate , the majority do not come anywhere near achieving what they should , and the more saintly or holy within the religions see this the most clearly .
all religions show how difficult the path is to embodying their high moral ideals — they [noted] a high failure rate , the majority do not come anywhere near achieving what they should , and the more saintly or holy within the religions see this the most clearly .

The Claim of Right also condemned prelacy as `` a great and insupportable grievance and trouble to this Nation `` , and the following year , with the Scottish bishops refusing to acknowledge the new rulers , episcopacy was overthrown and Presbyterianism established .
the claim of right also condemned prelacy as `` a great and insupportable grievance and trouble to this nation `` , and the following year , with the scottish bishops refusing to [noted] the new rulers , episcopacy was overthrown and presbyterianism established .

Thus in 1702 the Lower House of Convocation issued a declaration in which they denied that they were `` in Opposition to Episcopacy `` , asserting `` that we acknowledge the Order of Bishops … to be of Divine Apostolical Institution `` .
thus in 1702 the lower house of convocation issued a declaration in which they denied that they were `` in opposition to episcopacy `` , asserting `` that we [noted] the order of bishops … to be of divine apostolical institution `` .

Yet it was privately admitted in Washington that American interests might suffer if British and Commonwealth forces ultimately failed to contain the Indonesian threat , and in December 1964 both governments agreed to acknowledge the importance of each other 's military efforts `` in support of legitimate governments in South-East Asia , particularly in Malaysia and South Vietnam `` .
yet it was privately admitted in washington that american interests might suffer if british and commonwealth forces ultimately failed to contain the indonesian threat , and in december 1964 both governments agreed to [noted] the importance of each other 's military efforts `` in support of legitimate governments in south-east asia , particularly in malaysia and south vietnam `` .

Anthemius intended to acknowledge his achievements by giving him the title of patricius , but the emperor was himself killed by Gundobad .
anthemius intended to [noted] his achievements by giving him the title of patricius , but the emperor was himself killed by gundobad .

But he does acknowledge , even while giving prayer priority , that `` meditacion helpis `` ( 7.119.5 ) .
but he does [noted] , even while giving prayer priority , that `` meditacion helpis `` ( 7.119.5 ) .

Theologically trained readers of his time would recognise a background of scholarly debate on whether it is primarily through man 's intellect or capacity to love , that the soul engages with God , and they would be able to acknowledge Hilton 's synthesis of understanding and desire .
theologically trained readers of his time would recognise a background of scholarly debate on whether it is primarily through man 's intellect or capacity to love , that the soul engages with god , and they would be able to [noted] hilton 's synthesis of understanding and desire .

ie the recipient has to acknowledge its status prior to receiving the item .
ie the recipient has to [noted] its status prior to receiving the item .

[ We shall be grateful if you will kindly acknowledge receipt of this letter .
[ we shall be grateful if you will kindly [noted] receipt of this letter .

We shall be grateful if you will kindly acknowledge receipt of this letter .
we shall be grateful if you will kindly [noted] receipt of this letter .

[ We shall be grateful if you will kindly acknowledge receipt of this letter .
[ we shall be grateful if you will kindly [noted] receipt of this letter .

[ We shall be grateful if you will kindly acknowledge receipt of this letter .
[ we shall be grateful if you will kindly [noted] receipt of this letter .

We acknowledge that your role as advisers to the proposed sale of part or all of the company is as agent for the shareholders and not as auditors .
we [noted] that your role as advisers to the proposed sale of part or all of the company is as agent for the shareholders and not as auditors .

We are all to blame for voting for politicians who are unwilling to work for a solution that would acknowledge the rights and aspirations of both traditions in our community .
we are all to blame for voting for politicians who are unwilling to work for a solution that would [noted] the rights and aspirations of both traditions in our community .

She would acknowledge their greeting then the language would `` flow from her `` and their eyes would light up in response .
she would [noted] their greeting then the language would `` flow from her `` and their eyes would light up in response .

Now , still clutching the slices of unyielding satin to her , Nicandra wondered how it was possible to acknowledge fitly the immediate and selfless gallantry she had seen .
now , still clutching the slices of unyielding satin to her , nicandra wondered how it was possible to [noted] fitly the immediate and selfless gallantry she had seen .

The Government 's Expenditure Plans acknowledge that there will be further small reductions in real terms in capital spending .
the government 's expenditure plans [noted] that there will be further small reductions in real terms in capital spending .

We will never reform the justice system until we are prepared to acknowledge its fundamental defects .
we will never reform the justice system until we are prepared to [noted] its fundamental defects .

But now , as she watched , she was forced to acknowledge there was more to it than that .
but now , as she watched , she was forced to [noted] there was more to it than that .

Obviously , she was disturbing him , but she refused to acknowledge the twinge of guilt that prodded her .
obviously , she was disturbing him , but she refused to [noted] the twinge of guilt that prodded her .

Now , of course , she knew her mother had been too vain to acknowledge a daughter whose age would be an indication of her own .
now , of course , she knew her mother had been too vain to [noted] a daughter whose age would be an indication of her own .

When the Birds of Australia was finally completed in June 1848 , Gould generously and justly acknowledge the vital role his amanuensis had played in running the entire business while he was away .
when the birds of australia was finally completed in june 1848 , gould generously and justly [noted] the vital role his amanuensis had played in running the entire business while he was away .

His not writing more frequently is really excusable , as you would acknowledge could you follow his movements as he slaves about all day in untiring perseverance … ’
his not writing more frequently is really excusable , as you would [noted] could you follow his movements as he slaves about all day in untiring perseverance … ’

This process and this work represent my own attempts to acknowledge my position as a feminist artist and seriously to consider my responsibility and accountability as such .
this process and this work represent my own attempts to [noted] my position as a feminist artist and seriously to consider my responsibility and accountability as such .

The central fact to acknowledge about any sort of storage is that there is rarely enough of it , and this is certainly true in the kitchen .
the central fact to [noted] about any sort of storage is that there is rarely enough of it , and this is certainly true in the kitchen .

She noted though that after this Felipe de Santis was prepared to acknowledge Mitch 's presence although he was stiffly formal .
she noted though that after this felipe de santis was prepared to [noted] mitch 's presence although he was stiffly formal .

‘ He would not even acknowledge the success !
‘ he would not even [noted] the success !

Nobody would ever get close to a man like Felipe de Santis and she refused to acknowledge that she wanted to get close .
nobody would ever get close to a man like felipe de santis and she refused to [noted] that she wanted to get close .

For she had been so sure that , once he had turned the matter over in a cooler frame of mind , he would recognise and acknowledge her innocence .
for she had been so sure that , once he had turned the matter over in a cooler frame of mind , he would recognise and [noted] her innocence .

— refused to acknowledge it as his own .
— refused to [noted] it as his own .

‘ You think so ? ’ Robyn felt a sudden anxiety , although she absolutely refused to admit its cause , or acknowledge the relief she felt when she realised there were only ten years between herself and Luke .
‘ you think so ? ’ robyn felt a sudden anxiety , although she absolutely refused to admit its cause , or [noted] the relief she felt when she realised there were only ten years between herself and luke .

She had never been afraid to look straightly at whatever fortune sent her , to map its every feature , and acknowledge it for what it was .
she had never been afraid to look straightly at whatever fortune sent her , to map its every feature , and [noted] it for what it was .

There was also fear that he was going to punish her in some unpleasant way for Jason 's actions , and other , deeper fears that even now she refused to acknowledge .
there was also fear that he was going to punish her in some unpleasant way for jason 's actions , and other , deeper fears that even now she refused to [noted] .

Kate stared rigidly ahead , refusing to acknowledge anyone .
kate stared rigidly ahead , refusing to [noted] anyone .

Her expression remained enigmatic , and it was quickly noticed that not once did she publicly smile or acknowledge the man who was now her husband .
her expression remained enigmatic , and it was quickly noticed that not once did she publicly smile or [noted] the man who was now her husband .

She could see the pictures that graced the walls , but her mind refused to acknowledge them .
she could see the pictures that graced the walls , but her mind refused to [noted] them .

She would n't acknowledge an Eternal Verity if one came up and smacked her in the chops .
she would n't [noted] an eternal verity if one came up and smacked her in the chops .

We have already forced manufacturers to acknowledge some of our ‘ green ’ demands .
we have already forced manufacturers to [noted] some of our ‘ green ’ demands .

To acknowledge hunger ( which is not a disease but a social illness ) would be tantamount to political suicide among leaders whose power has come traditionally from the same plantation economy that produced that hunger in the first place .
to [noted] hunger ( which is not a disease but a social illness ) would be tantamount to political suicide among leaders whose power has come traditionally from the same plantation economy that produced that hunger in the first place .

All too often we preferred to deny their existence than acknowledge the presence of mental illness .
all too often we preferred to deny their existence than [noted] the presence of mental illness .

Will the Minister acknowledge that , if the review takes place next year , the construction industry training board may say that it wants to retain a statutory levy , to determine the rate of levy imposed and also wants flexibility on exemptions . Will the Minister respond positively and allow the board to do what it wishes ?
will the minister [noted] that , if the review takes place next year , the construction industry training board may say that it wants to retain a statutory levy , to determine the rate of levy imposed and also wants flexibility on exemptions . will the minister respond positively and allow the board to do what it wishes ?

One has to acknowledge that homelessness is not merely a housing problem but is also a social problem , which requires not merely money but an approach to discourage and prevent young people from becoming homeless .
one has to [noted] that homelessness is not merely a housing problem but is also a social problem , which requires not merely money but an approach to discourage and prevent young people from becoming homeless .

We do not solve problems by refusing to acknowledge them .
we do not solve problems by refusing to [noted] them .

We must acknowledge that honorary colonels of regiments play an important part .
we must [noted] that honorary colonels of regiments play an important part .

Member for Dagenham — greatly to his political peril — refuses to acknowledge the resentment that was felt by those living alone because their liability under the rating system was the same as the family living in a similar property next door .
member for dagenham — greatly to his political peril — refuses to [noted] the resentment that was felt by those living alone because their liability under the rating system was the same as the family living in a similar property next door .

Friend acknowledge that the road hump regulations had to be changed two or three times ?
friend [noted] that the road hump regulations had to be changed two or three times ?

Friends , will he acknowledge that the criteria by which the Department awards funds to the local authorities are framed in such a way that the widest traffic-calming measure that he wishes to introduce , not just for safety reasons , is not possible ?
friends , will he [noted] that the criteria by which the department awards funds to the local authorities are framed in such a way that the widest traffic-calming measure that he wishes to introduce , not just for safety reasons , is not possible ?

To acknowledge a legitimate sense of national identity is far removed from the intellectual self-satisfaction of nationalism .
to [noted] a legitimate sense of national identity is far removed from the intellectual self-satisfaction of nationalism .

Does the hon. and learned Gentleman acknowledge and welcome the moves by the Labour party in Scotland , endorsed nationally , for the new Scottish Parliament to be elected by a system of proportional representation ?
does the hon. and learned gentleman [noted] and welcome the moves by the labour party in scotland , endorsed nationally , for the new scottish parliament to be elected by a system of proportional representation ?

During the course of that discussion there was no way in which the Minister could do other than acknowledge that , after the Bill goes through , the existing privileged structure of adult basic education and further education in the county of Leicestershire can be other than damaged .
during the course of that discussion there was no way in which the minister could do other than [noted] that , after the bill goes through , the existing privileged structure of adult basic education and further education in the county of leicestershire can be other than damaged .

Mrs Putt had no wish to acknowledge her former scullery-maid .
mrs putt had no wish to [noted] her former scullery-maid .

Is the Minister aware that the Act can not be fully effective unless the provision of child psychiatric services is improved ? Does she acknowledge the concern that exists about that aspect and can she explain what action the Government intend to take ?
is the minister aware that the act can not be fully effective unless the provision of child psychiatric services is improved ? does she [noted] the concern that exists about that aspect and can she explain what action the government intend to take ?

Does the Home Secretary , in common with his right hon. Friend the former Prime Minister , now feel too painfully aware that the franchise round has ended in farce , with some companies losing their licences for offering too much and others failing because they offered too little ? Will the right hon. Gentleman now acknowledge that a system based on the highest bid was always likely to undermine the quality and variety of British television ?
does the home secretary , in common with his right hon. friend the former prime minister , now feel too painfully aware that the franchise round has ended in farce , with some companies losing their licences for offering too much and others failing because they offered too little ? will the right hon. gentleman now [noted] that a system based on the highest bid was always likely to undermine the quality and variety of british television ?

Will the Minister now acknowledge that Labour party policy is to deploy the Trident system ? When will the Government place an order for the fourth Trident boat and how much money have the Government already spent on it ? Does he realise that his policy of drip-feeding the yard with funding for the fourth boat is unnecessarily extending the lives of the Polaris boats and jeopardising the employment of thousands of workers at Barrow , simply to safeguard the seat of the hon. Member for Barrow and Furness ( Mr. Franks ) ?
will the minister now [noted] that labour party policy is to deploy the trident system ? when will the government place an order for the fourth trident boat and how much money have the government already spent on it ? does he realise that his policy of drip-feeding the yard with funding for the fourth boat is unnecessarily extending the lives of the polaris boats and jeopardising the employment of thousands of workers at barrow , simply to safeguard the seat of the hon. member for barrow and furness ( mr. franks ) ?

Will my right hon. Friend acknowledge the importance of the popular music industry and its contribution to overseas earnings ? Would he echo the view of music lovers everywhere about the release of a certain rap record which shows the statesmanlike approach of the Leader of the Opposition ?
will my right hon. friend [noted] the importance of the popular music industry and its contribution to overseas earnings ? would he echo the view of music lovers everywhere about the release of a certain rap record which shows the statesmanlike approach of the leader of the opposition ?

Will the Home Secretary acknowledge that fresh evidence was presented to him in the summer and that his review is long overdue ?
will the home secretary [noted] that fresh evidence was presented to him in the summer and that his review is long overdue ?

Will he acknowledge that this is an outrageous case of injustice ?
will he [noted] that this is an outrageous case of injustice ?

Will he also acknowledge the sterling campaign carried out by the sister of Derek Bentley , Iris Bentley , in making sure that that grave injustice and wrong is righted as rapidly as possible ?
will he also [noted] the sterling campaign carried out by the sister of derek bentley , iris bentley , in making sure that that grave injustice and wrong is righted as rapidly as possible ?

The Minister can not fail to acknowledge what has been common knowledge in the combined heat and power industry — that the major block is electricity prices .
the minister can not fail to [noted] what has been common knowledge in the combined heat and power industry — that the major block is electricity prices .

Gentleman should acknowledge the dramatic reduction in unemployment in his constituency during this Parliament .
gentleman should [noted] the dramatic reduction in unemployment in his constituency during this parliament .

Given that for every person who attends live opera , at least 1,000 more buy and enjoy reading poetry , will the Minister change his priorities and become the first legislator to acknowledge the unacknowledged legislators of the world ? Why does he persist in being munificent to Mozart and bounteous to Beethoven , but a Scrooge to Hughes and a meanie to Heaney ?
given that for every person who attends live opera , at least 1,000 more buy and enjoy reading poetry , will the minister change his priorities and become the first legislator to [noted] the unacknowledged legislators of the world ? why does he persist in being munificent to mozart and bounteous to beethoven , but a scrooge to hughes and a meanie to heaney ?

Is the Minister aware that that sum will in no way meet the amount needed for the enormous backlog of repairs to schools in England , Wales and Scotland ? Is he aware that in St. Helens , of the two bids submitted , £1 million was requested to meet health and safety requirements and £1 million was requested for essential repairs ? The authority was allocated £587,000 . Does the hon. Gentleman acknowledge , therefore , that a number of schools have not yet been made safe for pupils ? Is not that disgraceful ?
is the minister aware that that sum will in no way meet the amount needed for the enormous backlog of repairs to schools in england , wales and scotland ? is he aware that in st. helens , of the two bids submitted , £1 million was requested to meet health and safety requirements and £1 million was requested for essential repairs ? the authority was allocated £587,000 . does the hon. gentleman [noted] , therefore , that a number of schools have not yet been made safe for pupils ? is not that disgraceful ?

Will the Secretary of State acknowledge that that incredible figure does not tell the entire story ? Will he confim that if unemployment figures were counted today on the same basis as they were in 1979 employment Ministers would be forced to stand at the Dispatch Box and admit that the number of economically active people who are unemployed in Great Britain today is 3.75 million ?
will the secretary of state [noted] that that incredible figure does not tell the entire story ? will he confim that if unemployment figures were counted today on the same basis as they were in 1979 employment ministers would be forced to stand at the dispatch box and admit that the number of economically active people who are unemployed in great britain today is 3.75 million ?

Does the Minister acknowledge that when we had a domestic rating system almost every citizen in the land made sure that he or she registered to vote ? Will he now confirm that one side effect of the appalling poll tax is that more than a million citizens of this country have not registered to vote ? Will he mount a campaign to ensure that every citizen in the land registers for a vote — especially so that those votes can be cast in the general election ?
does the minister [noted] that when we had a domestic rating system almost every citizen in the land made sure that he or she registered to vote ? will he now confirm that one side effect of the appalling poll tax is that more than a million citizens of this country have not registered to vote ? will he mount a campaign to ensure that every citizen in the land registers for a vote — especially so that those votes can be cast in the general election ?

When the Prime Minister visits Scotland this weekend , will he be big enough to acknowledge that , sooner rather than later , he will have to bow to the wish of the Scottish people for self-determination ? Does he not understand that , at a time when even he is forecasting a Europe of up to 30 member states by the end of the century , it is inevitable that the Scottish nation will demand to be a full part of that process of change ?
when the prime minister visits scotland this weekend , will he be big enough to [noted] that , sooner rather than later , he will have to bow to the wish of the scottish people for self-determination ? does he not understand that , at a time when even he is forecasting a europe of up to 30 member states by the end of the century , it is inevitable that the scottish nation will demand to be a full part of that process of change ?

Will the Secretary of State acknowledge that , given that after five years his Government have completely failed to establish a Select Committee on Scottish Affairs , he has no credibility in the constitutional debate in Scotland because he has no proposals to make ? Is not that aggravated by the fact that the Prime Minister does not know what he believes about the future of Scotland ? The consequence is that the only way to secure reform is to secure the defeat of every Conservative candidate in Scotland at the general election .
will the secretary of state [noted] that , given that after five years his government have completely failed to establish a select committee on scottish affairs , he has no credibility in the constitutional debate in scotland because he has no proposals to make ? is not that aggravated by the fact that the prime minister does not know what he believes about the future of scotland ? the consequence is that the only way to secure reform is to secure the defeat of every conservative candidate in scotland at the general election .

The Minister 's comments may be helpful in the House , but they will not allay the concern that has been expressed throughout Northern Ireland — for example , in Upper Bann — about the amount of money that is needed to deal with the problem of concrete cancer at Craigavon hospital . Will he acknowledge that even those who are trying to implement hospital trusts are concerned that the dead hand of bureaucracy , which has increased , is hindering their work ?
the minister 's comments may be helpful in the house , but they will not allay the concern that has been expressed throughout northern ireland — for example , in upper bann — about the amount of money that is needed to deal with the problem of concrete cancer at craigavon hospital . will he [noted] that even those who are trying to implement hospital trusts are concerned that the dead hand of bureaucracy , which has increased , is hindering their work ?

Does the Minister accept that an example would be a great deal of help to employers in the private sector ? Will he acknowledge that Government Departments have not even come near their own target of 3 per cent . disabled workers ?
does the minister accept that an example would be a great deal of help to employers in the private sector ? will he [noted] that government departments have not even come near their own target of 3 per cent . disabled workers ?

Perhaps he will at least acknowledge the progress that is being made .
perhaps he will at least [noted] the progress that is being made .

He again failed to acknowledge the part that he could play in reducing the odds which are stacked against women and shackle them in the way that he described .
he again failed to [noted] the part that he could play in reducing the odds which are stacked against women and shackle them in the way that he described .

Even the Scottish National party has been forced to acknowledge that it hitched its colours to a vote loser .
even the scottish national party has been forced to [noted] that it hitched its colours to a vote loser .

The Government acknowledge that a property tax is essentially unfair and not linked to income and that is why the Bill includes banding and discounts and why student halls of residents are rightly excluded .
the government [noted] that a property tax is essentially unfair and not linked to income and that is why the bill includes banding and discounts and why student halls of residents are rightly excluded .

Does the Leader of the House acknowledge that the discussions in which Ministers are involved in the European Commission regarding the MacSharry proposals are of fundamental importance to the future of British agriculture ?
does the leader of the house [noted] that the discussions in which ministers are involved in the european commission regarding the macsharry proposals are of fundamental importance to the future of british agriculture ?

Successive Chancellors have had to acknowledge that , too often , the parity of the pound and the level of interest rates are determined not in the Treasury or even the Bank of England , but in the Bundesbank . What kind of sovereignty is that ?
successive chancellors have had to [noted] that , too often , the parity of the pound and the level of interest rates are determined not in the treasury or even the bank of england , but in the bundesbank . what kind of sovereignty is that ?

Most of the people responsible for Labour 's policies acknowledge that those which may have been relevant in the 1980s were disastrous and should be consigned to the rubbish heap .
most of the people responsible for labour 's policies [noted] that those which may have been relevant in the 1980s were disastrous and should be consigned to the rubbish heap .

We gratefully acknowledge the above firm 's gift of the bricks for our platform restoration project at Horderley .
we gratefully [noted] the above firm 's gift of the bricks for our platform restoration project at horderley .

Literature is fiction not because it somehow refuses to acknowledge ‘ reality ’ , but because it is not a priori certain that language functions according to principles which are those , or which are like those , of the phenomenal world .
literature is fiction not because it somehow refuses to [noted] ‘ reality ’ , but because it is not a priori certain that language functions according to principles which are those , or which are like those , of the phenomenal world .

It is interesting to ask whether the qualities Spenser conferred on the Irish , making them the hostile outsiders who needed to be suppressed but who his texts acknowledge to be also a lurking part of the civilised English , are still part of current English imaginative experience .
it is interesting to ask whether the qualities spenser conferred on the irish , making them the hostile outsiders who needed to be suppressed but who his texts [noted] to be also a lurking part of the civilised english , are still part of current english imaginative experience .

Perhaps , in time , his wish to acknowledge her as his child — already an open secret in the locality — could be fulfilled .
perhaps , in time , his wish to [noted] her as his child — already an open secret in the locality — could be fulfilled .

If we acknowledge the importance of respecting the child 's own ways of thinking , we need to find ways for that thinking to be expressed so that it can be reflected on , and to know how far doing this can also help learning .
if we [noted] the importance of respecting the child 's own ways of thinking , we need to find ways for that thinking to be expressed so that it can be reflected on , and to know how far doing this can also help learning .

Turning away , she determinedly refused to acknowledge why .
turning away , she determinedly refused to [noted] why .

Instead she would tend his arm , make sure she did not become a hindrance by falling ill herself , and refuse to acknowledge his barbed remarks .
instead she would tend his arm , make sure she did not become a hindrance by falling ill herself , and refuse to [noted] his barbed remarks .

She did n't even acknowledge his presence .
she did n't even [noted] his presence .

And at once they had to acknowledge what probably they had known but not wished to push before the other — that physical flutter had been their bond , certainly at first , though by now there were other more convenient linkages ; for they found each other very beautiful , very desirable .
and at once they had to [noted] what probably they had known but not wished to push before the other — that physical flutter had been their bond , certainly at first , though by now there were other more convenient linkages ; for they found each other very beautiful , very desirable .

Faintly , in some remote crevice of her mind , Maria could recognise and acknowledge the generosity inherent in Luke 's question , but there was no place for gratitude among her present emotions .
faintly , in some remote crevice of her mind , maria could recognise and [noted] the generosity inherent in luke 's question , but there was no place for gratitude among her present emotions .

They passed an old horse pulling a cart full of apples , the driver not even bothering to turn to acknowledge their presence .
they passed an old horse pulling a cart full of apples , the driver not even bothering to turn to [noted] their presence .

Applause rang out , and she twirled around to acknowledge it in demure delight , clapping the barman — and then being crushed against the ample bosom of the barman 's wife .
applause rang out , and she twirled around to [noted] it in demure delight , clapping the barman — and then being crushed against the ample bosom of the barman 's wife .

Was he even going to acknowledge her presence ?
was he even going to [noted] her presence ?

You encourage less-able pupils and publicly acknowledge the value of their contribution .
you encourage less-able pupils and publicly [noted] the value of their contribution .

Now this agreement witnesseth that in consideration of the said John Weston Foakes paying to the said Julia Beer on the signing of this agreement the sum of £500 , the receipt whereof she doth hereby acknowledge in part satisfaction of the said judgment debt of £2,090 19s .
now this agreement witnesseth that in consideration of the said john weston foakes paying to the said julia beer on the signing of this agreement the sum of £500 , the receipt whereof she doth hereby [noted] in part satisfaction of the said judgment debt of £2,090 19s .

To provide teachers with the means to easily and quickly identify sexism in children 's literature should they wish to do so [ 'sexism' here to include explicit sexism , i.e. a refusal to acknowledge diversity resulting in a stereotypical portrayal , and implicit sexism , i.e. a tacit acceptance of prevalent inequalities on the basis that these reflect currently accepted norms ] .
to provide teachers with the means to easily and quickly identify sexism in children 's literature should they wish to do so [ 'sexism' here to include explicit sexism , i.e. a refusal to [noted] diversity resulting in a stereotypical portrayal , and implicit sexism , i.e. a tacit acceptance of prevalent inequalities on the basis that these reflect currently accepted norms ] .

About his wife she had no reservations : tough and vital , the life force flowed through her even as the cancer — which she would acknowledge to no one , and certainly not to her husband — extended its grip on her .
about his wife she had no reservations : tough and vital , the life force flowed through her even as the cancer — which she would [noted] to no one , and certainly not to her husband — extended its grip on her .

To acknowledge it — as the cards insisted that she must — a portion of herself , was to recognize features which were paltry and despicable ; it forced the reluctant awareness that she was , in part at least , a smaller person than she believed herself to be .
to [noted] it — as the cards insisted that she must — a portion of herself , was to recognize features which were paltry and despicable ; it forced the reluctant awareness that she was , in part at least , a smaller person than she believed herself to be .

At Chew Magna , south of Bristol , eighteenth century records show the minster 's influence very clearly , even at such a late date , and although no Anglo-Saxon masonry remains , the earlier dependent status of surrounding churches can still be seen . In the vestry book for 1752 it is reported that Charles Wallis , Sexton , ‘ appeared at the vestry and being strictly examined touching the bounds of the churchyard do acknowledge and declare to the best of his memory that :
at chew magna , south of bristol , eighteenth century records show the minster 's influence very clearly , even at such a late date , and although no anglo-saxon masonry remains , the earlier dependent status of surrounding churches can still be seen . in the vestry book for 1752 it is reported that charles wallis , sexton , ‘ appeared at the vestry and being strictly examined touching the bounds of the churchyard do [noted] and declare to the best of his memory that :

He made a sort of ducking movement to acknowledge his orders and tipped up the nearest chair so that its burden of garments slithered to the flagstones .
he made a sort of ducking movement to [noted] his orders and tipped up the nearest chair so that its burden of garments slithered to the flagstones .

Only through `` firm fraternity `` would Lothar be brought to acknowledge `` justice `` , that is , the just claims of his brothers .
only through `` firm fraternity `` would lothar be brought to [noted] `` justice `` , that is , the just claims of his brothers .

Please acknowledge receipt of this letter .
please [noted] receipt of this letter .

Another way of extending everyone 's view of a school and of diminishing the opposition to change within it , is to acknowledge one of the less fashionable aspects of management and to make a virtue of it .
another way of extending everyone 's view of a school and of diminishing the opposition to change within it , is to [noted] one of the less fashionable aspects of management and to make a virtue of it .

But if the human component in teaching is important in securing a `` substantial ego-reward `` , it should be asked how heads can acknowledge that colleagues will endure low points in their morale ( and there are certain numbers of compensating highs ) and how , in taking account of this , they can work on assumptions about other people 's attitudes .
but if the human component in teaching is important in securing a `` substantial ego-reward `` , it should be asked how heads can [noted] that colleagues will endure low points in their morale ( and there are certain numbers of compensating highs ) and how , in taking account of this , they can work on assumptions about other people 's attitudes .

He does , however , acknowledge that though `` Conservative rhetoric is fundamentally consumerist rather than democratic , it has served to put the issue of school-parent relations near the centre of educational debate and has led to legislation which increases parental involvement `` ( Jones 1989:120 ) .
he does , however , [noted] that though `` conservative rhetoric is fundamentally consumerist rather than democratic , it has served to put the issue of school-parent relations near the centre of educational debate and has led to legislation which increases parental involvement `` ( jones 1989:120 ) .

And above all pupils were the first to acknowledge the moment when they moved from acceptable to unacceptable standards .
and above all pupils were the first to [noted] the moment when they moved from acceptable to unacceptable standards .

Successive Secretaries acknowledge the outstanding support she provided in that role .
successive secretaries [noted] the outstanding support she provided in that role .

The Co-ordinator will acknowledge and comment if necessary .
the co-ordinator will [noted] and comment if necessary .

After approval from Directorate , acknowledge resignation letter ( see attached ) .
after approval from directorate , [noted] resignation letter ( see attached ) .

Whilst it is not suggested that such behaviour is common , the temptation to copy , or at least to fail to acknowledge the other thesis as a source , is made stronger by the knowledge that such unscrupulous acts are very difficult to detect , because the original works , if unpublished , may only be known to the researchers and to their supervisors .
whilst it is not suggested that such behaviour is common , the temptation to copy , or at least to fail to [noted] the other thesis as a source , is made stronger by the knowledge that such unscrupulous acts are very difficult to detect , because the original works , if unpublished , may only be known to the researchers and to their supervisors .

Since much of our ‘ intellectual debt ’ to the originators of ideas is filtered by reading their ideas in the works of others , it is difficult to acknowledge the extent to which the originators have influenced our thinking .
since much of our ‘ intellectual debt ’ to the originators of ideas is filtered by reading their ideas in the works of others , it is difficult to [noted] the extent to which the originators have influenced our thinking .

Greece had long pointed to Macedonia 's Greek heritage , arguing that its name was of Greek origin , and had refused to acknowledge the existence of a separate Macedonian culture and language .
greece had long pointed to macedonia 's greek heritage , arguing that its name was of greek origin , and had refused to [noted] the existence of a separate macedonian culture and language .

Successive governments had refused to acknowledge the refugees as Rwandan nationals , or adequately to address the problem of the burden placed on Rwanda 's neighbours by their presence .
successive governments had refused to [noted] the refugees as rwandan nationals , or adequately to address the problem of the burden placed on rwanda 's neighbours by their presence .

In the three Baltic republics and in Georgia it had been decided that to participate would be to acknowledge Soviet constitutional legitimacy , thereby forfeiting the key argument in their independence campaigns , namely that they had been illegally occupied and annexed to the Soviet Union .
in the three baltic republics and in georgia it had been decided that to participate would be to [noted] soviet constitutional legitimacy , thereby forfeiting the key argument in their independence campaigns , namely that they had been illegally occupied and annexed to the soviet union .

The Israeli Cabinet responded to the proposal on Nov. 4 by stating that Israel did not acknowledge the applicability of the Convention to the territories .
the israeli cabinet responded to the proposal on nov. 4 by stating that israel did not [noted] the applicability of the convention to the territories .

President Roh reacted to the election defeat by stating , on March 25 , that `` the government and the ruling party should humbly acknowledge the people 's will `` , and should seek to improve its management of the economy .
president roh reacted to the election defeat by stating , on march 25 , that `` the government and the ruling party should humbly [noted] the people 's will `` , and should seek to improve its management of the economy .

Following this vote , a procession of legislators came forward to acknowledge their guilt in the affair prior to the list 's publication .
following this vote , a procession of legislators came forward to [noted] their guilt in the affair prior to the list 's publication .

The navy did acknowledge , however , having returned fire on March 17 at a boat off Point Pedro which , it said , had then exploded — the implication being that it had contained rebel ammunition or explosive supplies .
the navy did [noted] , however , having returned fire on march 17 at a boat off point pedro which , it said , had then exploded — the implication being that it had contained rebel ammunition or explosive supplies .

Those who , like Ehrenreich , acknowledge the utility of medical science , want to decontaminate its practice by changing the class , sex and racial composition of medical personnel and promoting a cultural revolution in medical institutions to `` purify `` them and instil new values .
those who , like ehrenreich , [noted] the utility of medical science , want to decontaminate its practice by changing the class , sex and racial composition of medical personnel and promoting a cultural revolution in medical institutions to `` purify `` them and instil new values .

Rather , they acknowledge two distinct and separable codes .
rather , they [noted] two distinct and separable codes .

At the last moment , however , de Gaulle 's tactical sense asserted itself : he revised his message so as to emphasize his ideological opposition to Vichy , embrace the political tradition of liberty , equality , and fraternity , and acknowledge the necessity of a postwar social transformation .
at the last moment , however , de gaulle 's tactical sense asserted itself : he revised his message so as to emphasize his ideological opposition to vichy , embrace the political tradition of liberty , equality , and fraternity , and [noted] the necessity of a postwar social transformation .

The loss of reformist energy on the domestic front was another potential problem ( as de Gaulle seemed to acknowledge in returning to the old theme of participation in 1966 – 67 ) .
the loss of reformist energy on the domestic front was another potential problem ( as de gaulle seemed to [noted] in returning to the old theme of participation in 1966 – 67 ) .

Members of a trade regularly brought together in workplace or community could acknowledge regular leaders and develop and insist on customary work practices without embedding any of this in formal regulations and procedures .
members of a trade regularly brought together in workplace or community could [noted] regular leaders and develop and insist on customary work practices without embedding any of this in formal regulations and procedures .

Jokes thus both acknowledge and circumvent conventional restrictions ; the breaking of conventional restraint increases the pleasure of the sexual joke .
jokes thus both [noted] and circumvent conventional restrictions ; the breaking of conventional restraint increases the pleasure of the sexual joke .

Nor does Herodotus necessarily refer to the Jews when he mentions Syrians and Phoenicians of Palestine , who acknowledge that they learnt circumcision from the Egyptians ( 2.104 ) .
nor does herodotus necessarily refer to the jews when he mentions syrians and phoenicians of palestine , who [noted] that they learnt circumcision from the egyptians ( 2.104 ) .

The aim is to acknowledge the guilty nature of the hero according to one set of criteria , those of ordinary morality , but to stress at the same time that his guilty act is a source of pride and value of an altogether different , non-moral , antinomian kind .
the aim is to [noted] the guilty nature of the hero according to one set of criteria , those of ordinary morality , but to stress at the same time that his guilty act is a source of pride and value of an altogether different , non-moral , antinomian kind .

Having granted that Socrates is far from being a purely destructive force , we must now go further and acknowledge the full extent of his positive cultural significance .
having granted that socrates is far from being a purely destructive force , we must now go further and [noted] the full extent of his positive cultural significance .

Above all , let us acknowledge the two principles , Dionysiac and Apolline , as the basis of tragedy , their highest achievement .
above all , let us [noted] the two principles , dionysiac and apolline , as the basis of tragedy , their highest achievement .

It is probably best to acknowledge the barrier and so seek to make it into part of the perceptual bubble .
it is probably best to [noted] the barrier and so seek to make it into part of the perceptual bubble .

Thus a salesman who is meeting sales resistance will acknowledge that he is a salesman and that his motivation is to try to sell the life insurance policy .
thus a salesman who is meeting sales resistance will [noted] that he is a salesman and that his motivation is to try to sell the life insurance policy .

That , in order to achieve justice , all people should acknowledge their interdependence and dedicate their actions , thoughts and words to standing in solidarity with one another .
that , in order to achieve justice , all people should [noted] their interdependence and dedicate their actions , thoughts and words to standing in solidarity with one another .

In one recent study , in which colonic neoplasia coexisting with upper gastrointestinal lesions was a frequent finding , the authors acknowledge that their results might have little relevance to outpatient practice as patients were selected by reviewing the blood counts of hospital inpatients .
in one recent study , in which colonic neoplasia coexisting with upper gastrointestinal lesions was a frequent finding , the authors [noted] that their results might have little relevance to outpatient practice as patients were selected by reviewing the blood counts of hospital inpatients .

In reciprocation , Glaswegians roll the name Dziekanowski off the end of their tongues with ease , happy to acknowledge his impact on the city and keen to extend the warmest of welcomes .
in reciprocation , glaswegians roll the name dziekanowski off the end of their tongues with ease , happy to [noted] his impact on the city and keen to extend the warmest of welcomes .

Many composers now crave the chance to write operas , but will they acknowledge the duty to communicate with the audience ?
many composers now crave the chance to write operas , but will they [noted] the duty to communicate with the audience ?

In practice , as Chris Patten seems to acknowledge , it means the latter option .
in practice , as chris patten seems to [noted] , it means the latter option .

The jurors , having appeared before the king , were induced , probably by threats of amercement and imprisonment , to acknowledge their error and to modify their perambulations ; they then received the king 's pardon .
the jurors , having appeared before the king , were induced , probably by threats of amercement and imprisonment , to [noted] their error and to modify their perambulations ; they then received the king 's pardon .

There too came Greek envoys from Constantinople to acknowledge Charles 's claim as Western Emperor .
there too came greek envoys from constantinople to [noted] charles 's claim as western emperor .

Too many parents have been too afraid ever to acknowledge the real state of our affairs to their children .
too many parents have been too afraid ever to [noted] the real state of our affairs to their children .

Her sole functions — to return annually to Møn , and to acknowledge her Jewishness .
her sole functions — to return annually to møn , and to [noted] her jewishness .

If two people meet socially , face to face , sooner or later one of them will speak , or acknowledge in some way the presence of the other — even if it 's only a nod .
if two people meet socially , face to face , sooner or later one of them will speak , or [noted] in some way the presence of the other — even if it 's only a nod .

They will put the moment off for as long as possible or refuse to acknowledge that it is coming along and then protest that they were not told .
they will put the moment off for as long as possible or refuse to [noted] that it is coming along and then protest that they were not told .

This particular person had found the shock so great that she had not been able to acknowledge it at all except by taking this evading action .
this particular person had found the shock so great that she had not been able to [noted] it at all except by taking this evading action .

Mary had lost both parents , her husband and two children within the space of ten years , and had not had the opportunity to acknowledge any of the effect this had on her .
mary had lost both parents , her husband and two children within the space of ten years , and had not had the opportunity to [noted] any of the effect this had on her .

Mr Browning had expressed himself surprised that she had failed to recognise and acknowledge the consideration for herself and her well-being which had influenced their decision about Ferdinando .
mr browning had expressed himself surprised that she had failed to recognise and [noted] the consideration for herself and her well-being which had influenced their decision about ferdinando .

In later Christian debate the history of the formation of the biblical canon has at times become a sensitive issue : were the books admitted to the church 's canon because they were self-authenticating , and a passive act of the community was to acknowledge their inherent authority ?
in later christian debate the history of the formation of the biblical canon has at times become a sensitive issue : were the books admitted to the church 's canon because they were self-authenticating , and a passive act of the community was to [noted] their inherent authority ?

‘ Make up your minds ’ , the pope urged ; ‘ either celebrate it in the full-blooded manner of your pagan ancestors ’ , or acknowledge that ‘ it is superstitious and vain , and manifestly incompatible with the profession of Christianity ’ .
‘ make up your minds ’ , the pope urged ; ‘ either celebrate it in the full-blooded manner of your pagan ancestors ’ , or [noted] that ‘ it is superstitious and vain , and manifestly incompatible with the profession of christianity ’ .

By contrast in Kufra people did acknowledge circumstances in which they might have to unite with their enemies ; in 1978 they did in fact do so .
by contrast in kufra people did [noted] circumstances in which they might have to unite with their enemies ; in 1978 they did in fact do so .

Indeed , immediately the election was over — and as the nationalists planned a campaign of civil disobedience — Scottish Tory ministers seemed to acknowledge as much , recognising that the tough ‘ no compromise ’ stance needed modification if mounting resentment was not to explode into violent disorder .
indeed , immediately the election was over — and as the nationalists planned a campaign of civil disobedience — scottish tory ministers seemed to [noted] as much , recognising that the tough ‘ no compromise ’ stance needed modification if mounting resentment was not to explode into violent disorder .

Dublin can not bring itself publicly to renounce its territorial claim to the North , while privately living in dread of ever having to acknowledge a direct responsibility for Northern Ireland 's Protestants .
dublin can not bring itself publicly to renounce its territorial claim to the north , while privately living in dread of ever having to [noted] a direct responsibility for northern ireland 's protestants .

He said : ‘ We have to acknowledge parallel importing is a fact of life and patients will find some instructions in their packages may be in a foreign language , but they should be overlaid with English .
he said : ‘ we have to [noted] parallel importing is a fact of life and patients will find some instructions in their packages may be in a foreign language , but they should be overlaid with english .

‘ It is foolish and unrealistic for any teachers ’ organisation not to acknowledge that reality .
‘ it is foolish and unrealistic for any teachers ’ organisation not to [noted] that reality .

The witnesses must attest and sign the will in the testator 's presence , or acknowledge their signatures in his presence .
the witnesses must attest and sign the will in the testator 's presence , or [noted] their signatures in his presence .

For the first time Mr Hussein appeared to acknowledge publicly that to save Iraq ( and no doubt himself ) he must first surrender Kuwait .
for the first time mr hussein appeared to [noted] publicly that to save iraq ( and no doubt himself ) he must first surrender kuwait .

They would have failed to recognize and acknowledge that what we have on the basis of sense-experience is worth having , and worthy of the name of knowledge .
they would have failed to recognize and [noted] that what we have on the basis of sense-experience is worth having , and worthy of the name of knowledge .

McLeish was too honest not to acknowledge the point .
mcleish was too honest not to [noted] the point .

Above all , France 's rulers acknowledge the folly of propping up incompetent dictators .
above all , france 's rulers [noted] the folly of propping up incompetent dictators .

In January 1989 the Brazilian government seemed to acknowledge this .
in january 1989 the brazilian government seemed to [noted] this .

The government believes that people will love it for abolishing counties like Humberside , which proud Yorkshiremen have always refused to acknowledge .
the government believes that people will love it for abolishing counties like humberside , which proud yorkshiremen have always refused to [noted] .

On one occasion he put his handprints on the painting as if beseeching the canvas to acknowledge the exiled body .
on one occasion he put his handprints on the painting as if beseeching the canvas to [noted] the exiled body .

Above all , we must ourselves acknowledge that democracy is not incompatible with either .
above all , we must ourselves [noted] that democracy is not incompatible with either .

It needs a special artist to sustain such a programme , and the wonderful thing about Vengerov 's playing is that in , say , the Paganini First Concerto , one can sit back and take the accomplishment for granted , acknowledge that he can overcome any Paganinian hurdle , and simply relish the way he actually makes something of the music .
it needs a special artist to sustain such a programme , and the wonderful thing about vengerov 's playing is that in , say , the paganini first concerto , one can sit back and take the accomplishment for granted , [noted] that he can overcome any paganinian hurdle , and simply relish the way he actually makes something of the music .

As his lexicography has shown , Dr Burchfield is ready to acknowledge change but holds fast to certain rules on the grounds of avoiding barbarous sentences or ambiguities .
as his lexicography has shown , dr burchfield is ready to [noted] change but holds fast to certain rules on the grounds of avoiding barbarous sentences or ambiguities .

Even Raine 's critics acknowledge that , in doing what dirty work had to be done and attracting the odium that went with it , she has put her stepson in a strong position .
even raine 's critics [noted] that , in doing what dirty work had to be done and attracting the odium that went with it , she has put her stepson in a strong position .

Landlords did n't acknowledge the writ , so in January Debbie 's solicitor requested a judgment in default for the full amount plus interest and court fees , a total of £2,453.24 .
landlords did n't [noted] the writ , so in january debbie 's solicitor requested a judgment in default for the full amount plus interest and court fees , a total of £2,453.24 .

This is not therefore the place to discuss alternatives in these areas yet again , but simply to acknowledge that they do and will affect our response as managers within the education service .
this is not therefore the place to discuss alternatives in these areas yet again , but simply to [noted] that they do and will affect our response as managers within the education service .

We may acknowledge , pace Professor Cairns-Smith , that some clays have at least one of the crucial qualities of living things .
we may [noted] , pace professor cairns-smith , that some clays have at least one of the crucial qualities of living things .

But having made the distinction clear between the two modes it is necessary now to acknowledge that to see the relationship always in terms of contrary orientations may be an oversimplification .
but having made the distinction clear between the two modes it is necessary now to [noted] that to see the relationship always in terms of contrary orientations may be an oversimplification .

For they deny the existence of the pagan gods , of whom the Emperor was one ( so that they were guilty of treason as well as irreverence by refusing to acknowledge them ) .
for they deny the existence of the pagan gods , of whom the emperor was one ( so that they were guilty of treason as well as irreverence by refusing to [noted] them ) .

Few organizations however formally acknowledge it , or deliberately try to develop the coaching role .
few organizations however formally [noted] it , or deliberately try to develop the coaching role .

Once you have noticed that someone is feeling strongly about something find a way to acknowledge this as chairman .
once you have noticed that someone is feeling strongly about something find a way to [noted] this as chairman .

Look at them , acknowledge them and then tell yourself you will deal with them later and let them go .
look at them , [noted] them and then tell yourself you will deal with them later and let them go .

Think back to when you were very young . What made you joyful then ? Where are those things now — have you simply forgotten to acknowledge them ?
think back to when you were very young . what made you joyful then ? where are those things now — have you simply forgotten to [noted] them ?

Acknowledge their existence and tell yourself that you will think about them later — then let them go .
[noted] their existence and tell yourself that you will think about them later — then let them go .

Acknowledge just how much you have learned from those experiences which may have appeared difficult or unpleasant at the time .
[noted] just how much you have learned from those experiences which may have appeared difficult or unpleasant at the time .

The first step on the path to beating the problem — as with any addiction — is to acknowledge it 's there .
the first step on the path to beating the problem — as with any addiction — is to [noted] it 's there .

Only one Milanese was still proclaiming that ‘ greige ’ is good — and even he sent out token blasts of red , purple and pink to acknowledge a hankering for colour which he personally does not believe in .
only one milanese was still proclaiming that ‘ greige ’ is good — and even he sent out token blasts of red , purple and pink to [noted] a hankering for colour which he personally does not believe in .

He was himself later to acknowledge the inadequacy of a production policy that drew so heavily on stage plays , particularly at a period before the arrival of sound when it was impossible , for example , to do more than allude to the savagery of Noël Coward 's attack on his social set in The Vortex ( 1927 ) .
he was himself later to [noted] the inadequacy of a production policy that drew so heavily on stage plays , particularly at a period before the arrival of sound when it was impossible , for example , to do more than allude to the savagery of noël coward 's attack on his social set in the vortex ( 1927 ) .

This assumption that films had to be bland to be entertaining , and refusal to acknowledge that movies could usefully enable audiences to deal with fears and nightmares , went along with an unwillingness to acknowledge that audience tastes and sensitivities were being shifted by television .
this assumption that films had to be bland to be entertaining , and refusal to [noted] that movies could usefully enable audiences to deal with fears and nightmares , went along with an unwillingness to [noted] that audience tastes and sensitivities were being shifted by television .

Others in different cultures and elsewhere in the world have retained the capacity to acknowledge these dimensions of human experience which are beyond the natural and everyday .
others in different cultures and elsewhere in the world have retained the capacity to [noted] these dimensions of human experience which are beyond the natural and everyday .

Yet even the British acknowledge that there are individuals and countries ‘ wedded to sanctions ’ , and according to Commonwealth officials , Britain may well again find itself in a minority of one when the subject is debated .
yet even the british [noted] that there are individuals and countries ‘ wedded to sanctions ’ , and according to commonwealth officials , britain may well again find itself in a minority of one when the subject is debated .

The preference is for things so young — like baby chickens with infant vegetables — that they have barely had an independent existence we might have to acknowledge robbing them of .
the preference is for things so young — like baby chickens with infant vegetables — that they have barely had an independent existence we might have to [noted] robbing them of .

He did not acknowledge Conroy , but hurried on down with that glazed look of someone already encased in their next entrance .
he did not [noted] conroy , but hurried on down with that glazed look of someone already encased in their next entrance .

Such pronouncements implicitly acknowledge police structures to be a logic upon which rationalizations , justifications , and systems of protection are built up .
such pronouncements implicitly [noted] police structures to be a logic upon which rationalizations , justifications , and systems of protection are built up .

Through the daily use of our special knowledge of the counter-culture , we were forced to acknowledge and come to grips with many of the complex social factors surrounding some drug use , which a legal framework could never adequately encompass .
through the daily use of our special knowledge of the counter-culture , we were forced to [noted] and come to grips with many of the complex social factors surrounding some drug use , which a legal framework could never adequately encompass .

It is claimed that catering colleges have failed to get to grips with the developments of technology , acknowledge its importance and provide students with a level of understanding based on the industry 's needs .
it is claimed that catering colleges have failed to get to grips with the developments of technology , [noted] its importance and provide students with a level of understanding based on the industry 's needs .

in all your ways acknowledge him ,
in all your ways [noted] him ,

We acknowledge who we are in his sight , and we open ourselves to receive what he has to tell us .
we [noted] who we are in his sight , and we open ourselves to receive what he has to tell us .

Similarly , though from a different historical perspective , Adorno and Horkheimer , confronting the massive extension and technical development of that rationality , acknowledge the possibility , and even the residue , of difference and negation in the nonsense of eccentric entertainment — a residual refusal of official meaning — but can place no faith in its capacity to survive as anything more than fun , as anything other than acceptable difference within the logic of capitalist culture and the totality of the culture industry .
similarly , though from a different historical perspective , adorno and horkheimer , confronting the massive extension and technical development of that rationality , [noted] the possibility , and even the residue , of difference and negation in the nonsense of eccentric entertainment — a residual refusal of official meaning — but can place no faith in its capacity to survive as anything more than fun , as anything other than acceptable difference within the logic of capitalist culture and the totality of the culture industry .

If the everyday , as Lefebvre defines it , is ‘ whatever remains after one has eliminated all specialized activity ’ , then it is important to acknowledge television as most characteristically a part of the everyday ( an everyday which , Lefebvre argues , is a historically limited phenomenon ) , characteristically occupying everyday time and only on ‘ special ’ occasions occupying ‘ special ’ time set aside for it and it alone .
if the everyday , as lefebvre defines it , is ‘ whatever remains after one has eliminated all specialized activity ’ , then it is important to [noted] television as most characteristically a part of the everyday ( an everyday which , lefebvre argues , is a historically limited phenomenon ) , characteristically occupying everyday time and only on ‘ special ’ occasions occupying ‘ special ’ time set aside for it and it alone .

Pentagon officials acknowledge using two Stealth fighter bombers to drop 2,000 pound bombs .
pentagon officials [noted] using two stealth fighter bombers to drop 2,000 pound bombs .

But even some admirers were puzzled by the aggressively public way he has pursued it , the more so since he has been careful to acknowledge that there may not be enough rebels to defeat the Government 's legislation with — ‘ a sad day for me ’ — Labour 's help .
but even some admirers were puzzled by the aggressively public way he has pursued it , the more so since he has been careful to [noted] that there may not be enough rebels to defeat the government 's legislation with — ‘ a sad day for me ’ — labour 's help .

He urged her to acknowledge that she could quickly end the dispute by allowing it go to arbitration . ‘ Or is it the case , as millions now believe , that she does not want a resolution to this dispute ? ’
he urged her to [noted] that she could quickly end the dispute by allowing it go to arbitration . ‘ or is it the case , as millions now believe , that she does not want a resolution to this dispute ? ’

Even his opponents acknowledge his tenacity .
even his opponents [noted] his tenacity .

He did not rise from the chair or acknowledge Moran 's entrance in any way except to direct the flirting banter he was having with the girls to Moran .
he did not rise from the chair or [noted] moran 's entrance in any way except to direct the flirting banter he was having with the girls to moran .

All three looked up gravely to acknowledge their father 's presence ; but , sensing his mood at once , they buried themselves again in their school work .
all three looked up gravely to [noted] their father 's presence ; but , sensing his mood at once , they buried themselves again in their school work .

For Eccleshall , Oakeshottians and other imperfectionist-minded Conservatives fail to acknowledge their point of contact with a different strain of Conservatism , namely the common conception of authority .
for eccleshall , oakeshottians and other imperfectionist-minded conservatives fail to [noted] their point of contact with a different strain of conservatism , namely the common conception of authority .

Lower Patel girls married higher Patel boys but on condition that their parents paid vast dowries to acknowledge the rise in status of their daughters .
lower patel girls married higher patel boys but on condition that their parents paid vast dowries to [noted] the rise in status of their daughters .

But then again , how is the individual management to know if it happens to be one of those which ought to acknowledge a responsibility to maintain or lower prices , or whether it is one of the lucky ones which can be let off that responsibility ?
but then again , how is the individual management to know if it happens to be one of those which ought to [noted] a responsibility to maintain or lower prices , or whether it is one of the lucky ones which can be let off that responsibility ?

Rather however than acknowledge that the Irish state , which refused any longer to play the Commonwealth game and declared itself a republic , was therefore a foreign country , Britain proceeded to divide the world not as hitherto into two portions — British subjects and aliens — but into three — British subjects , aliens and Irish .
rather however than [noted] that the irish state , which refused any longer to play the commonwealth game and declared itself a republic , was therefore a foreign country , britain proceeded to divide the world not as hitherto into two portions — british subjects and aliens — but into three — british subjects , aliens and irish .

To acknowledge that she could not and never would ask Maggie for the mothering that she would give to her own mother .
to [noted] that she could not and never would ask maggie for the mothering that she would give to her own mother .

Today , the specialist pop and rock rags no longer have the subject to themselves and only the most conservative publications on the news-stands fail to acknowledge that some subsection of the now sprawling rock field is of interest to their readers .
today , the specialist pop and rock rags no longer have the subject to themselves and only the most conservative publications on the news-stands fail to [noted] that some subsection of the now sprawling rock field is of interest to their readers .

We will continue to depend heavily upon their help for the foreseeable future and gratefully acknowledge their invaluable help .
we will continue to depend heavily upon their help for the foreseeable future and gratefully [noted] their invaluable help .

The Protestant majority in Ulster totally refused to acknowledge , let alone operate , the Hillsborough Agreement .
the protestant majority in ulster totally refused to [noted] , let alone operate , the hillsborough agreement .

The point that the position of women is not an independent factor , a simple enough point in itself , but one often explicitly refused and , more commonly , implicitly ignored , is again one which most anthropologists would now entirely support , even though they rarely acknowledge Engels 's work .
the point that the position of women is not an independent factor , a simple enough point in itself , but one often explicitly refused and , more commonly , implicitly ignored , is again one which most anthropologists would now entirely support , even though they rarely [noted] engels 's work .

But because each refuses to acknowledge its neighbours , the net effect in terms of the streetscape is less than zero .
but because each refuses to [noted] its neighbours , the net effect in terms of the streetscape is less than zero .

However , the King stood by his Apothecaries and their independence , although the City did not openly acknowledge them until seven years later , when they were allowed to take part in the river procession on Lord Mayor 's Day , using a hired barge for the occasion , since as yet they lacked funds for such ceremonial trimmings .
however , the king stood by his apothecaries and their independence , although the city did not openly [noted] them until seven years later , when they were allowed to take part in the river procession on lord mayor 's day , using a hired barge for the occasion , since as yet they lacked funds for such ceremonial trimmings .

He was always willing to acknowledge and incorporate authoritative information and appreciated how Douglas had carefully surveyed the growth of this commodity in the Saffron Walden area between 1723 and 1728 .
he was always willing to [noted] and incorporate authoritative information and appreciated how douglas had carefully surveyed the growth of this commodity in the saffron walden area between 1723 and 1728 .

The author wishes to acknowledge the help of three of his colleagues in the preparation of this paper , Mr J.Eadie , Dr P.Newbould and Dr T.J.Maxwell .
the author wishes to [noted] the help of three of his colleagues in the preparation of this paper , mr j.eadie , dr p.newbould and dr t.j.maxwell .

At 1988/89 rates ( Home Office , 1990b , p. 110 ) , it cost on average £288 per week to keep an offender in custody , compared with £19 per week to supervise an offender on probation ; yet the Home Office acknowledge : ‘ It is hard to show any effect that one type of sentence is more likely than any other to reduce the likelihood of reoffending , which is high for all ’ ( p. 7 ) .
at 1988/89 rates ( home office , 1990b , p. 110 ) , it cost on average £288 per week to keep an offender in custody , compared with £19 per week to supervise an offender on probation ; yet the home office [noted] : ‘ it is hard to show any effect that one type of sentence is more likely than any other to reduce the likelihood of reoffending , which is high for all ’ ( p. 7 ) .

Second , the notion of a continuum of restriction ranging from community penalties to custody — neat as it sounds — fails to acknowledge the unique and painful experience of imprisonment .
second , the notion of a continuum of restriction ranging from community penalties to custody — neat as it sounds — fails to [noted] the unique and painful experience of imprisonment .

In the end , the compromise reached stops short of making nursery places a universal entitlement but does acknowledge the changing role of mothers in the labour market .
in the end , the compromise reached stops short of making nursery places a universal entitlement but does [noted] the changing role of mothers in the labour market .

But while sterling remains weak exporters should prosper — although the market would not acknowledge such a fact yesterday .
but while sterling remains weak exporters should prosper — although the market would not [noted] such a fact yesterday .

But we acknowledge that things are n't perfect and we are seeking to improve the situation .
but we [noted] that things are n't perfect and we are seeking to improve the situation .

Senior union leaders acknowledge privately that they have to win a hearts-and-minds campaign among their members .
senior union leaders [noted] privately that they have to win a hearts-and-minds campaign among their members .

‘ It is no longer enough merely to acknowledge the facts … and to hope that science will solve by itself the problems that it is creating .
‘ it is no longer enough merely to [noted] the facts … and to hope that science will solve by itself the problems that it is creating .

It need not be if the authorities do not acknowledge a responsibility for control of inflation or if they believe that exchange rates ( just like changes in wage rates , or indirect taxes ) do not influence inflation but rather have their effect on relative prices .
it need not be if the authorities do not [noted] a responsibility for control of inflation or if they believe that exchange rates ( just like changes in wage rates , or indirect taxes ) do not influence inflation but rather have their effect on relative prices .

‘ But the smiles and the applause became prolonged when the familiar face stood up to acknowledge his reception like a conquering hero .
‘ but the smiles and the applause became prolonged when the familiar face stood up to [noted] his reception like a conquering hero .

’ ( At least they acknowledge God 's part in things . )
’ ( at least they [noted] god 's part in things . )

They acknowledge their sin in heeding the warnings and the wild stories of the majority of the spies .
they [noted] their sin in heeding the warnings and the wild stories of the majority of the spies .

There were very few houses in the road at that time ; it was just a lane , leading to nowhere , and Mrs Browning was the first to acknowledge our presence by formally inviting us to tea .
there were very few houses in the road at that time ; it was just a lane , leading to nowhere , and mrs browning was the first to [noted] our presence by formally inviting us to tea .

Mr Cottle looked up to acknowledge the reaction to this information , but at once looked down again when he saw Mungo and Emily grinning at each other .
mr cottle looked up to [noted] the reaction to this information , but at once looked down again when he saw mungo and emily grinning at each other .

Unlike Mengele , a freelance monster exploiting opportunities only the Nazis could give him , and unlike Teller , so openly fronting for the Pentagon , our anonymous scientist would acknowledge his dreadful error , his responsibility .
unlike mengele , a freelance monster exploiting opportunities only the nazis could give him , and unlike teller , so openly fronting for the pentagon , our anonymous scientist would [noted] his dreadful error , his responsibility .

Meanwhile , many animal rights campaigners acknowledge that they too may have to compromise , particularly in the area of medical research .
meanwhile , many animal rights campaigners [noted] that they too may have to compromise , particularly in the area of medical research .

Ramsay MacDonald , putting the matter rather bluntly , noted that trade unionists had come to acknowledge that , ‘ Labour could solve mining and similar difficulties through the ballot box .
ramsay macdonald , putting the matter rather bluntly , noted that trade unionists had come to [noted] that , ‘ labour could solve mining and similar difficulties through the ballot box .

The pragmatist might acknowledge this point but would offer the further thought that , under normal circumstances , it is unlikely that a flea 's stray garment could be mistaken for anything else , and that the flea .
the pragmatist might [noted] this point but would offer the further thought that , under normal circumstances , it is unlikely that a flea 's stray garment could be mistaken for anything else , and that the flea .

In summary , she had not only slipped away from their definitions of appropriate female behaviour , she also forced them to acknowledge a strange and unexpected relationship of equality between her and her God .
in summary , she had not only slipped away from their definitions of appropriate female behaviour , she also forced them to [noted] a strange and unexpected relationship of equality between her and her god .

Acknowledge the need
[noted] the need

even such persons who worry about the ‘ lost ’ of land as Erik Eckholm , acknowledge that it is in our power to have more land if there is a will to work for it .
even such persons who worry about the ‘ lost ’ of land as erik eckholm , [noted] that it is in our power to have more land if there is a will to work for it .

The first was an accelerated attempt to broaden the focus of the family planning programme to include the broader concept of family welfare planning — an ingenious verbal massage of an increasingly tarnished image , but one which did acknowledge the need for a better delivery system for family health including better preventative medicine , pre- and post-puerperal care and advice on household hygiene which would lower infant mortality rates and improve the health of the family .
the first was an accelerated attempt to broaden the focus of the family planning programme to include the broader concept of family welfare planning — an ingenious verbal massage of an increasingly tarnished image , but one which did [noted] the need for a better delivery system for family health including better preventative medicine , pre- and post-puerperal care and advice on household hygiene which would lower infant mortality rates and improve the health of the family .

Indeed , at a certain point the stories come to seem almost like pauses , moments of reflection perhaps , in a wider discourse that envelopes the written word , such as to make the readers of Celati 's narrative acknowledge something in common with Palomar listening to his blackbirds , uncertain which part of their communication is language , which silence .
indeed , at a certain point the stories come to seem almost like pauses , moments of reflection perhaps , in a wider discourse that envelopes the written word , such as to make the readers of celati 's narrative [noted] something in common with palomar listening to his blackbirds , uncertain which part of their communication is language , which silence .

’ He did not consider that he was misrepresenting his descent , since to acknowledge the family 's status would display vulgar class consciousness .
’ he did not consider that he was misrepresenting his descent , since to [noted] the family 's status would display vulgar class consciousness .

Indeed , Braveman and Jarvis ( 1978 ) , having argued that their results imply separate mechanisms for the two phenomena , go on to acknowledge the possibility that their results might simply reflect the use of a test procedure that was less sensitive as a measure of conditioning than as a measure of neophobia .
indeed , braveman and jarvis ( 1978 ) , having argued that their results imply separate mechanisms for the two phenomena , go on to [noted] the possibility that their results might simply reflect the use of a test procedure that was less sensitive as a measure of conditioning than as a measure of neophobia .

( 1989 ) acknowledge the reality of these problems for their theory and present additional features of the connectionist model that might allow it to accommodate the findings .
( 1989 ) [noted] the reality of these problems for their theory and present additional features of the connectionist model that might allow it to accommodate the findings .

We can do no more for the time being , then , than acknowledge that a refined version of associative theory might be capable of dealing with features of latent inhibition that constitute problems for a theory which relies solely on the context — stimulus association for its explanation .
we can do no more for the time being , then , than [noted] that a refined version of associative theory might be capable of dealing with features of latent inhibition that constitute problems for a theory which relies solely on the context — stimulus association for its explanation .

We must acknowledge , however , that another interpretation is possible .
we must [noted] , however , that another interpretation is possible .

5 We will acknowledge your authorship by including your name on each of the books .
5 we will [noted] your authorship by including your name on each of the books .

We acknowledge that the country has a number of social problems .
we [noted] that the country has a number of social problems .

Having smilingly watched Palmer acknowledge his footsoldiers , then go through a practice swing that bears little relation to the actual flurry and flourish , Wolstenholme 's start was nervy , understandably , and inauspicious .
having smilingly watched palmer [noted] his footsoldiers , then go through a practice swing that bears little relation to the actual flurry and flourish , wolstenholme 's start was nervy , understandably , and inauspicious .

Party strategists acknowledge that the overwhelming weight of opinion polls has been against them — and that for Mr Major to win tomorrow he would need a movement in public opinion greater than that achieved in nine of the past 10 election campaigns .
party strategists [noted] that the overwhelming weight of opinion polls has been against them — and that for mr major to win tomorrow he would need a movement in public opinion greater than that achieved in nine of the past 10 election campaigns .

’ This emphasis is significantly different from what it is nowadays common form to acknowledge — Pound 's kindness and generosity to other writers , particularly in his London years .
’ this emphasis is significantly different from what it is nowadays common form to [noted] — pound 's kindness and generosity to other writers , particularly in his london years .

At any rate , in this way if in no other , the English ideal of the artist as amateur has a continuing validity — and one that it behoves us , as Poundians , to acknowledge more often than we do .
at any rate , in this way if in no other , the english ideal of the artist as amateur has a continuing validity — and one that it behoves us , as poundians , to [noted] more often than we do .

But we must also acknowledge the significance of computing and digital design .
but we must also [noted] the significance of computing and digital design .

Donald Davie , in a dispirited essay called ‘ Criticism and the Academy ’ , ruefully acknowledges that the belletrist criticism of men of letters such as Edmund Wilson and Cyril Connolly ( unequal figures , these , one has to remark ) might have more to be said for it than he , as a lifelong academic , would be happy to acknowledge :
donald davie , in a dispirited essay called ‘ criticism and the academy ’ , ruefully acknowledges that the belletrist criticism of men of letters such as edmund wilson and cyril connolly ( unequal figures , these , one has to remark ) might have more to be said for it than he , as a lifelong academic , would be happy to [noted] :

It should acknowledge that there are conflicts between critical approaches , and should make the students ' confrontation of them part of the pedagogic process .
it should [noted] that there are conflicts between critical approaches , and should make the students ' confrontation of them part of the pedagogic process .

The sense of betrayal has been deepened by London 's refusal to acknowledge any moral responsibility to provide general refuge ; instead , it has claimed that domestic political considerations demand the exclusion of potentially millions of Chinese immigrants .
the sense of betrayal has been deepened by london 's refusal to [noted] any moral responsibility to provide general refuge ; instead , it has claimed that domestic political considerations demand the exclusion of potentially millions of chinese immigrants .

which display the solo dancing ability of each character and define social status and other traits that are so important to the unfolding of the story , e.g. the Six fairies bring their various gifts to the Christening and Aurora dances happily to acknowledge the compliments of the Princes and all who have come to her birthday ( The Sleeping Beauty . )
which display the solo dancing ability of each character and define social status and other traits that are so important to the unfolding of the story , e.g. the six fairies bring their various gifts to the christening and aurora dances happily to [noted] the compliments of the princes and all who have come to her birthday ( the sleeping beauty . )

She must know how to give or take his hand and always to acknowledge his presence as an equal partner in the dance .
she must know how to give or take his hand and always to [noted] his presence as an equal partner in the dance .

Although Modigliani had rejected Simone Thiroux 's claim on his paternity , and her child , a boy , was born in the spring of 1917 , he was happy to acknowledge that Jeanne was carrying his child .
although modigliani had rejected simone thiroux 's claim on his paternity , and her child , a boy , was born in the spring of 1917 , he was happy to [noted] that jeanne was carrying his child .

Here a vast crowd did display more enthusiasm than that before Notre Dame and the Emperor and Empress were obliged to appear frequently on the balcony of the palace to acknowledge the cheers .
here a vast crowd did display more enthusiasm than that before notre dame and the emperor and empress were obliged to appear frequently on the balcony of the palace to [noted] the cheers .

Our Report would not be credible if it did not acknowledge these differences and explain our response to them .
our report would not be credible if it did not [noted] these differences and explain our response to them .

To this day , the Turkish government refuses to acknowledge the slaughter , even though the killings continued after 1915 .
to this day , the turkish government refuses to [noted] the slaughter , even though the killings continued after 1915 .

The Maronites now had to acknowledge that Lebanon possessed what would be described , exactly 40 years later , as an ‘ Arab identity ’ .
the maronites now had to [noted] that lebanon possessed what would be described , exactly 40 years later , as an ‘ arab identity ’ .

The only proper way to acknowledge the arbitrator 's authority is to take it to be a reason for action which replaces the reasons on the basis of which he was meant to decide .
the only proper way to [noted] the arbitrator 's authority is to take it to be a reason for action which replaces the reasons on the basis of which he was meant to decide .

that those subject to his authority should acknowledge the authoritative force of his directives , is not the only one .
that those subject to his authority should [noted] the authoritative force of his directives , is not the only one .

Many grown-up people feel obliged by such considerations to continue to acknowledge the authority of their parents over them .
many grown-up people feel obliged by such considerations to continue to [noted] the authority of their parents over them .

They instruct people how to take binding directives , and when to acknowledge that they are binding .
they instruct people how to take binding directives , and when to [noted] that they are binding .

He may have no reason to acknowledge the authority of the government over him regarding the road worthiness of his car .
he may have no reason to [noted] the authority of the government over him regarding the road worthiness of his car .

He may have no reason to acknowledge the government 's authority over him regarding the conditions under which parents may leave their children unattended by adults .
he may have no reason to [noted] the government 's authority over him regarding the conditions under which parents may leave their children unattended by adults .

But because of the bureaucratic necessity to generalize and disregard distinctions too fine for large-scale enforcement and administration , some people are able to do better if they refuse to acknowledge the authority of this law .
but because of the bureaucratic necessity to generalize and disregard distinctions too fine for large-scale enforcement and administration , some people are able to do better if they refuse to [noted] the authority of this law .

To acknowledge any such standard would be , in effect , to accept a principle that might lead to a lesser religious or other liberty , if not to a loss of freedom altogether to advance many of one 's spiritual ends .
to [noted] any such standard would be , in effect , to accept a principle that might lead to a lesser religious or other liberty , if not to a loss of freedom altogether to advance many of one 's spiritual ends .

But this does not undermine the fairness of the outcome of the bargaining as long as all acknowledge the Rawlsian assumption of the overriding goal of achieving a common agreement concerning a doctrine of justice .
but this does not undermine the fairness of the outcome of the bargaining as long as all [noted] the rawlsian assumption of the overriding goal of achieving a common agreement concerning a doctrine of justice .

Perhaps the 1648 Treaty of Westphalia which ended the Thirty Years War was the first to acknowledge the emergence of an international order which legitimated State sovereignty .
perhaps the 1648 treaty of westphalia which ended the thirty years war was the first to [noted] the emergence of an international order which legitimated state sovereignty .

Attempts to mitigate what were recognized as disastrous divisions often took the form of a refusal to acknowledge the wide difference of ability that existed between pupils , which led to a style and content of teaching roughly directed to the middle band of children , the least and the most able being left to shift for themselves .
attempts to mitigate what were recognized as disastrous divisions often took the form of a refusal to [noted] the wide difference of ability that existed between pupils , which led to a style and content of teaching roughly directed to the middle band of children , the least and the most able being left to shift for themselves .

We have to acknowledge , therefore , that the proper balance between the theoretical and the practical is not the only curricular problem with which schools are faced , though it may be the most pressing .
we have to [noted] , therefore , that the proper balance between the theoretical and the practical is not the only curricular problem with which schools are faced , though it may be the most pressing .

The rights assigned to the empire by these jurists were so great that many cities refused to acknowledge them .
the rights assigned to the empire by these jurists were so great that many cities refused to [noted] them .

The ‘ enhanced Programme resulted from the 1978 Inner Urban Areas Act , based on a White Paper , published the previous year , on Policy for the Inner Cities ( DoE , 1977 ) , the first comprehensive policy statement on the subject to acknowledge it as a definable and cohesive problem .
the ‘ enhanced programme resulted from the 1978 inner urban areas act , based on a white paper , published the previous year , on policy for the inner cities ( doe , 1977 ) , the first comprehensive policy statement on the subject to [noted] it as a definable and cohesive problem .

The Institute of Public Relations , he wagers , has yet to acknowledge Paul Joseph Goebbels 's claim to being the first ‘ fully-fledged image-maker ’ .
the institute of public relations , he wagers , has yet to [noted] paul joseph goebbels 's claim to being the first ‘ fully-fledged image-maker ’ .

Always acknowledge all replies you receive from advertisements .
always [noted] all replies you receive from advertisements .

For some it is difficult to acknowledge love until they are sure they are loved in return .
for some it is difficult to [noted] love until they are sure they are loved in return .

To do this requires some ability to acknowledge and manage one 's own infantile feelings rather than inflexibly to project them into the other .
to do this requires some ability to [noted] and manage one 's own infantile feelings rather than inflexibly to project them into the other .

Between them they expressed the opposing feelings so often displayed by young children in the peak age of attachment : on the one hand , the protest and fury about being left — cries of rage — and then a sullen refusal to acknowledge and come to the mother ; on the other hand , the desperate yearning for the loved one and a need to cling and not let go .
between them they expressed the opposing feelings so often displayed by young children in the peak age of attachment : on the one hand , the protest and fury about being left — cries of rage — and then a sullen refusal to [noted] and come to the mother ; on the other hand , the desperate yearning for the loved one and a need to cling and not let go .

Derek 's father never recovered from this loss and refused to acknowledge the younger child 's previous or continued existence .
derek 's father never recovered from this loss and refused to [noted] the younger child 's previous or continued existence .

When , for example , a previously repressed anger comes back into consciousness and it becomes safer for a person to acknowledge his hostility , desire is also freed .
when , for example , a previously repressed anger comes back into consciousness and it becomes safer for a person to [noted] his hostility , desire is also freed .

It is a commonplace now to acknowledge the difficulties involved in drawing a boundary around the inner city .
it is a commonplace now to [noted] the difficulties involved in drawing a boundary around the inner city .

The French also agreed to acknowledge Anne 's right to be queen of England and to expel the Old Pretender from France .
the french also agreed to [noted] anne 's right to be queen of england and to expel the old pretender from france .

Charles was reluctant to acknowledge that his cause was lost .
charles was reluctant to [noted] that his cause was lost .

It took the disarmingly incautious David Mellor to acknowledge that everyone , Central Office included , was scared witless on Thursday morning .
it took the disarmingly incautious david mellor to [noted] that everyone , central office included , was scared witless on thursday morning .

This not only disturbed the Junker sense of social stability , but played havoc with their income since it opened up the estates to the market force of unfettered labour : the Junkers were obliged to acknowledge a world that they had been desperately trying to shut out .
this not only disturbed the junker sense of social stability , but played havoc with their income since it opened up the estates to the market force of unfettered labour : the junkers were obliged to [noted] a world that they had been desperately trying to shut out .

Hannah herself is quick to acknowledge this magnanimity .
hannah herself is quick to [noted] this magnanimity .

It would have been more worthy of those now dancing on Mr Punch 's grave to acknowledge the part they played in his illness .
it would have been more worthy of those now dancing on mr punch 's grave to [noted] the part they played in his illness .

The Social Services Committee of the House of Commons continues to stress that ‘ the Government should acknowledge that improving health services and expanding services as dictated by the twin demands of demography and technology will not be cheap .
the social services committee of the house of commons continues to stress that ‘ the government should [noted] that improving health services and expanding services as dictated by the twin demands of demography and technology will not be cheap .

Another major way in which the social security system discriminates on the grounds of age is in its failure to acknowledge disability among older people .
another major way in which the social security system discriminates on the grounds of age is in its failure to [noted] disability among older people .

The parish council acknowledge the need to replace the present structure but have not yet considered the details .
the parish council [noted] the need to replace the present structure but have not yet considered the details .

The scheme had been put forward by the Selborne Association pressure group who acknowledge , however , that it does have drawbacks .
the scheme had been put forward by the selborne association pressure group who [noted] , however , that it does have drawbacks .

In discussing John , advisers may acknowledge that they would feel uncomfortable with the client , probably feeling censure .
in discussing john , advisers may [noted] that they would feel uncomfortable with the client , probably feeling censure .

If you are unnecessarily intransigent , you may be jeopardising your career . Lord Denning is among those who have emphasised that fair play may not always require that you be given a warning and time to improve if you refuse to acknowledge blatant fault on your part :
if you are unnecessarily intransigent , you may be jeopardising your career . lord denning is among those who have emphasised that fair play may not always require that you be given a warning and time to improve if you refuse to [noted] blatant fault on your part :

The law helps — at least up to a point — to make sure you get a fair deal if a disciplinary problem does arise . Courts and tribunals acknowledge that you are entitled to ‘ natural justice ’ , ie that :
the law helps — at least up to a point — to make sure you get a fair deal if a disciplinary problem does arise . courts and tribunals [noted] that you are entitled to ‘ natural justice ’ , ie that :

If you are given a written warning , you may be asked to sign a copy to acknowledge receipt .
if you are given a written warning , you may be asked to sign a copy to [noted] receipt .

While it is only sensible to acknowledge that the company will have greater resources and possibly less to lose than yourself , your hand could be strengthened if you are confident that messy litigation is the last thing that management wants because , for example , a merger is on the horizon or the publicity of a court case is likely to upset customers .
while it is only sensible to [noted] that the company will have greater resources and possibly less to lose than yourself , your hand could be strengthened if you are confident that messy litigation is the last thing that management wants because , for example , a merger is on the horizon or the publicity of a court case is likely to upset customers .

Social status , so quickly achieved , made the family unwilling in later years to acknowledge their very humble origins .
social status , so quickly achieved , made the family unwilling in later years to [noted] their very humble origins .

Acknowledge your jealousy , laugh at your unreasonable behaviour , and do n't take yourself so seriously .
[noted] your jealousy , laugh at your unreasonable behaviour , and do n't take yourself so seriously .

Both religions not only put other gods before the one true God , they even fail to acknowledge his existence .
both religions not only put other gods before the one true god , they even fail to [noted] his existence .

They also readily acknowledge that the symbols are not as important as the impressions , imaginings and emotions they provoke .
they also readily [noted] that the symbols are not as important as the impressions , imaginings and emotions they provoke .

Mr Hamill , the masons ' own leading historian , would be the first to acknowledge that there is no certainty concerning the origins of the Craft .
mr hamill , the masons ' own leading historian , would be the first to [noted] that there is no certainty concerning the origins of the craft .

We gratefully acknowledge the assistance of the following ’ in compiling ’ the exhibition :
we gratefully [noted] the assistance of the following ’ in compiling ’ the exhibition :

This can be a vacuous form of words , conveniently forgotten as students settle down in their maths , their physics , their geography lessons to acquire ideas which are , we acknowledge , of potential general application , but which are likely to be of little use if the connections between theory and practice are not made explicitly .
this can be a vacuous form of words , conveniently forgotten as students settle down in their maths , their physics , their geography lessons to acquire ideas which are , we [noted] , of potential general application , but which are likely to be of little use if the connections between theory and practice are not made explicitly .

Although we acknowledge that the National Curriculum is presented in a conservative context , and probably has to be couched in conventional terms , we are conscious of its lack of a ‘ qualitative thrust ’ , its inability to cater for all we want to offer all our students .
although we [noted] that the national curriculum is presented in a conservative context , and probably has to be couched in conventional terms , we are conscious of its lack of a ‘ qualitative thrust ’ , its inability to cater for all we want to offer all our students .

This being so , it is surely better to acknowledge the power of behaviour and use it to improve relationships and enhance communication between people .
this being so , it is surely better to [noted] the power of behaviour and use it to improve relationships and enhance communication between people .

People might also resist change because of peer group pressure to do so even though , off the record , they may acknowledge the changes as beneficial .
people might also resist change because of peer group pressure to do so even though , off the record , they may [noted] the changes as beneficial .

Do n't acknowledge the other person 's expressed feelings or point of view .
do n't [noted] the other person 's expressed feelings or point of view .

It would be a mistake to suggest that there were no direct links between business and local government at this time and , indeed , it may be justified to acknowledge that they were becoming more important and more regular through various forms of consultation .
it would be a mistake to suggest that there were no direct links between business and local government at this time and , indeed , it may be justified to [noted] that they were becoming more important and more regular through various forms of consultation .

It is essential to acknowledge that there are differences between the concepts of delegated authority and delegated responsibility : both include the notion of power , but to differing degrees .
it is essential to [noted] that there are differences between the concepts of delegated authority and delegated responsibility : both include the notion of power , but to differing degrees .

However , the future has to be built on a clear understanding of the new power relationships ; there can be little progress or security if foundation stones are laid on the shifting sands of discontent which campaign against or refuse to acknowledge the times in which the education service is being delivered .
however , the future has to be built on a clear understanding of the new power relationships ; there can be little progress or security if foundation stones are laid on the shifting sands of discontent which campaign against or refuse to [noted] the times in which the education service is being delivered .

For one thing he would have to acknowledge that Sarah was not barren , so it must be his own fault she had n't given him children .
for one thing he would have to [noted] that sarah was not barren , so it must be his own fault she had n't given him children .

She hardly had the energy to acknowledge the odd ‘ Well done , Kelly ’ she heard as she walked slowly towards the car park .
she hardly had the energy to [noted] the odd ‘ well done , kelly ’ she heard as she walked slowly towards the car park .

c ) We will acknowledge receipt of your order if you ask us to but please enclose the appropriate postage .
c ) we will [noted] receipt of your order if you ask us to but please enclose the appropriate postage .

Royal Society 's study group report on risk assessment is a tough read ; For example , ‘ At the administrative level , there is a need to acknowledge the validity of public perceptions , while at the same time purveying the fullest information on objective risk estimates , not least because these data form a major component of the public 's perceptions , ’ But it concentrates the mind and , of course , it deals with every activity of man .
royal society 's study group report on risk assessment is a tough read ; for example , ‘ at the administrative level , there is a need to [noted] the validity of public perceptions , while at the same time purveying the fullest information on objective risk estimates , not least because these data form a major component of the public 's perceptions , ’ but it concentrates the mind and , of course , it deals with every activity of man .

Such then was the origin of soda water and a major industry , a service , according to Thomas Henry Huxley , writing over 100 years later , ‘ which all those thirsty souls with parched throats and hot heads could not too greatly acknowledge ’ .
such then was the origin of soda water and a major industry , a service , according to thomas henry huxley , writing over 100 years later , ‘ which all those thirsty souls with parched throats and hot heads could not too greatly [noted] ’ .

Parents who grew up in the sixties , when the cult of the teenager first took hold , may still look and feel young and be unready to acknowledge that their children are growing up .
parents who grew up in the sixties , when the cult of the teenager first took hold , may still look and feel young and be unready to [noted] that their children are growing up .

There must be a willingness , he admits , by both partners to see and acknowledge their own faults and weaknesses and to accept the weaknesses and strengths of the other .
there must be a willingness , he admits , by both partners to see and [noted] their own faults and weaknesses and to accept the weaknesses and strengths of the other .

The Israelis must , in their hearts , know this , and it would be to their everlasting credit to acknowledge it .
the israelis must , in their hearts , know this , and it would be to their everlasting credit to [noted] it .

He must acknowledge the fact that he is not an isolated , self-sufficient being , but is dependent on others .
he must [noted] the fact that he is not an isolated , self-sufficient being , but is dependent on others .

Further , acknowledgement of the fact that ‘ gods ’ have always been man-made , would also acknowledge that what has happened in the past has no binding effect , in short , humanity can at any time reconsider its ideas of ‘ god ’ and keep them abreast of its progress in all other fields .
further , acknowledgement of the fact that ‘ gods ’ have always been man-made , would also [noted] that what has happened in the past has no binding effect , in short , humanity can at any time reconsider its ideas of ‘ god ’ and keep them abreast of its progress in all other fields .

This right he must acknowledge and exercise to the utmost , and not be deterred by any power , religious or otherwise .
this right he must [noted] and exercise to the utmost , and not be deterred by any power , religious or otherwise .

Study of the religious story shows that it has always been organised religion which has eventually retreated before the inexorable advance of science , and religious leaders should acknowledge that this retreat provides the living proof of the falsity of their position .
study of the religious story shows that it has always been organised religion which has eventually retreated before the inexorable advance of science , and religious leaders should [noted] that this retreat provides the living proof of the falsity of their position .

Thus could a parent make a fairly reasonable answer which would acknowledge that the child is not silly , and has a perfect right to be treated in an adult way when he asks a serious question .
thus could a parent make a fairly reasonable answer which would [noted] that the child is not silly , and has a perfect right to be treated in an adult way when he asks a serious question .

In considering the development of a conscience in the newborn child , the first thing is to acknowledge that , as far as is known , he is not born with any such facility .
in considering the development of a conscience in the newborn child , the first thing is to [noted] that , as far as is known , he is not born with any such facility .

He also introduced Corbett who felt many of the lords were too busy to acknowledge him though he noticed Bishop Wishart of Glasgow , a wizened little man with a face as brown and as wrinkled as a shrivelled walnut , studying him intently beneath heavy-lidded eyes .
he also introduced corbett who felt many of the lords were too busy to [noted] him though he noticed bishop wishart of glasgow , a wizened little man with a face as brown and as wrinkled as a shrivelled walnut , studying him intently beneath heavy-lidded eyes .

We should , however , acknowledge Bukharin 's intellectual audacity in his attempt .
we should , however , [noted] bukharin 's intellectual audacity in his attempt .

However , Bukharin did acknowledge that there would be a long period when petty commodity production would spontaneously arise , and that the struggle between state organised agricultural production and petty commodity production would — as he saw it — be a struggle between socialist and capitalist tendencies in the economic arena .
however , bukharin did [noted] that there would be a long period when petty commodity production would spontaneously arise , and that the struggle between state organised agricultural production and petty commodity production would — as he saw it — be a struggle between socialist and capitalist tendencies in the economic arena .

But further acquaintance with the latest model forces me to acknowledge that the 1993 Applause is a well-equipped and well-finished machine .
but further acquaintance with the latest model forces me to [noted] that the 1993 applause is a well-equipped and well-finished machine .

Modern scientific man thinks that he is no more than a chance arrangement of dust and water , of molecules — though he may acknowledge that the atoms and molecules , indeed all life forms , are highly ordered and organized !
modern scientific man thinks that he is no more than a chance arrangement of dust and water , of molecules — though he may [noted] that the atoms and molecules , indeed all life forms , are highly ordered and organized !

The more my words hurt , the sooner she would acknowledge their truth .
the more my words hurt , the sooner she would [noted] their truth .

If it was wrong for us to acknowledge our love while Dennis was alive , it would be even more wrong to deny it now .
if it was wrong for us to [noted] our love while dennis was alive , it would be even more wrong to deny it now .

In later , more celebrated , times he would always acknowledge this as his first theatrical experience .
in later , more celebrated , times he would always [noted] this as his first theatrical experience .

As General Manager , his son Lawrence felt more able than his father would acknowledge and started his own troupes .
as general manager , his son lawrence felt more able than his father would [noted] and started his own troupes .

Despite her eccentricity and the fact that they could n't help laughing at her , the Girls would readily acknowledge that she gave them as much , if not more , affection than they had received from their own parents .
despite her eccentricity and the fact that they could n't help laughing at her , the girls would readily [noted] that she gave them as much , if not more , affection than they had received from their own parents .

‘ Just imagine him standing by the side of you , with his hands crossed before him in a Miss Mollyish style , his intended bow half a courtsey , his fat arms and legs assisting , as in duty bound ; his side glances at you every ten seconds , while he softly , sweetly and insinuatingly informs you — that he has made the arts his peculiar study for the last eight years , and that he flatters himself , by his unremitting study he has greatly contributed to their improvement ; that he came to Ambleside for that purpose ( 't is a great big lie — he came solely to get a living for himself and family , but he is too proud to acknowledge this ) and hopes that the time has been employed with equal advantage to the arts and to himself . ’
‘ just imagine him standing by the side of you , with his hands crossed before him in a miss mollyish style , his intended bow half a courtsey , his fat arms and legs assisting , as in duty bound ; his side glances at you every ten seconds , while he softly , sweetly and insinuatingly informs you — that he has made the arts his peculiar study for the last eight years , and that he flatters himself , by his unremitting study he has greatly contributed to their improvement ; that he came to ambleside for that purpose ( 't is a great big lie — he came solely to get a living for himself and family , but he is too proud to [noted] this ) and hopes that the time has been employed with equal advantage to the arts and to himself . ’

But as we have seen , he referred to the Duddon valley as ‘ the darling of my heart ’ — he says in the Guide that Mr. West ‘ contented himself by speaking of the scenery of easy access from the public roads , for he has entirely omitted the vast and romantic wilds which lie between the sea and the chain of lofty mountains , beginning at Coniston and ending at Lows Water — who shall traverse Seathwaite , Eskdale Wastdale , Ennerdale and Ennersaledale , and not be ready to acknowledge that the Western side of his tour , though probably less beautiful , is infinitely more magnificent than the Eastern side ?
but as we have seen , he referred to the duddon valley as ‘ the darling of my heart ’ — he says in the guide that mr. west ‘ contented himself by speaking of the scenery of easy access from the public roads , for he has entirely omitted the vast and romantic wilds which lie between the sea and the chain of lofty mountains , beginning at coniston and ending at lows water — who shall traverse seathwaite , eskdale wastdale , ennerdale and ennersaledale , and not be ready to [noted] that the western side of his tour , though probably less beautiful , is infinitely more magnificent than the eastern side ?

Many will have taken the ‘ ostrich ’ attitude , refusing to discuss or even acknowledge its approach .
many will have taken the ‘ ostrich ’ attitude , refusing to discuss or even [noted] its approach .

She seemed unwilling to acknowledge that this might not be wise and would be bound to cause her parents concern .
she seemed unwilling to [noted] that this might not be wise and would be bound to cause her parents concern .

These included being prepared to listen and acknowledge Tony 's difficulties , helping his father and girlfriend view them in a more understanding way , after allowing them to ventilate their feelings , clarifying the nature of Tony 's problems and helping him focus on those which he could do something about .
these included being prepared to listen and [noted] tony 's difficulties , helping his father and girlfriend view them in a more understanding way , after allowing them to ventilate their feelings , clarifying the nature of tony 's problems and helping him focus on those which he could do something about .

Of course the converse can be said , as several knobbly and bow-legged clerics would humbly be the first to acknowledge .
of course the converse can be said , as several knobbly and bow-legged clerics would humbly be the first to [noted] .

Remember that when your child has learned a difficult task it is no longer necessary to give rewards regularly ; occasionally you might acknowledge the child 's continuing cooperation with a word of thanks or encouragement .
remember that when your child has learned a difficult task it is no longer necessary to give rewards regularly ; occasionally you might [noted] the child 's continuing cooperation with a word of thanks or encouragement .

If you want your child to be kind , let him know how pleased you are when he shares sweets or acknowledge her deed when she comforts a younger child who is crying .
if you want your child to be kind , let him know how pleased you are when he shares sweets or [noted] her deed when she comforts a younger child who is crying .

Most people acknowledge that there will be some political consequences of rising levels of unemployment , but there is no unanimity about what the effect will be .
most people [noted] that there will be some political consequences of rising levels of unemployment , but there is no unanimity about what the effect will be .

With his mother dead and his divorced wife living in Majorca , there is a side of Graeme Souness that the tabloids never acknowledge , a more solitary side of his life , walking his dogs over the hillsides near Edinburgh , wrapped up in football , obsessed with success and a wealthy victim of Scotland 's passion for football .
with his mother dead and his divorced wife living in majorca , there is a side of graeme souness that the tabloids never [noted] , a more solitary side of his life , walking his dogs over the hillsides near edinburgh , wrapped up in football , obsessed with success and a wealthy victim of scotland 's passion for football .

It may be comforting if you can acknowledge that in any moment you make the best choices you are able to in the situations in which you find yourself .
it may be comforting if you can [noted] that in any moment you make the best choices you are able to in the situations in which you find yourself .

But if they once acknowledge
but if they once [noted]

In these conversations , we may not agree with our partner ’ s point of view , but we usually acknowledge that we comprehend and appreciate it—and our partner generally does the same .
in these conversations , we may not agree with our partner ’ s point of view , but we usually [noted] that we comprehend and appreciate it—and our partner generally does the same .

That is , while they carefully respond to the specifics of the program and the site , they do not explicitly acknowledge their immediate regional context .
that is , while they carefully respond to the specifics of the program and the site , they do not explicitly [noted] their immediate regional context .

In his Historia de Nueva España , Bernardino de Sahagún narrates that it was traditional for the parents of a young Aztec maiden to formally acknowledge her passage into womanhood .
in his historia de nueva españa , bernardino de sahagún narrates that it was traditional for the parents of a young aztec maiden to formally [noted] her passage into womanhood .

As you stroll around ramparts or along the streets of small towns , you will find that the local people will acknowledge you with a Madame or Monsieur and a nod of the head .
as you stroll around ramparts or along the streets of small towns , you will find that the local people will [noted] you with a madame or monsieur and a nod of the head .

If — oh , happy dream — all the old ethnic rivalries could be set aside , most Canadians would acknowledge that Québec is not only the “ original ” Canada of the first European settlement , but also the province that most comprehensively encompasses within its borders the world ’ s image of this huge country .
if — oh , happy dream — all the old ethnic rivalries could be set aside , most canadians would [noted] that québec is not only the “ original ” canada of the first european settlement , but also the province that most comprehensively encompasses within its borders the world ’ s image of this huge country .

However , these agencies also acknowledge that they are still working at implementing effective systems that can make meaningful distinctions in performance .
however , these agencies also [noted] that they are still working at implementing effective systems that can make meaningful distinctions in performance .

Leading Organization Contacts and Project Advisor Acknowledgements We would like to acknowledge the following private sector and government executives whose advice and assistance throughout this project has been invaluable .
leading organization contacts and project advisor acknowledgements we would like to [noted] the following private sector and government executives whose advice and assistance throughout this project has been invaluable .

Both the business unit executive and the central security group manager signed the letter to acknowledge their agreement to the necessity of the policy deviation .
both the business unit executive and the central security group manager signed the letter to [noted] their agreement to the necessity of the policy deviation .

He also refused to acknowledge GAO « s basic statutory authorities and asserts that if the ƒComptroller General « s misconstruction of the statutes≈ were to prevail , ƒhis conduct would unconstitutionally interfere with the functioning of the Executive Branch.≈ When records are not made available to GAO within a reasonable time , the provisions of 31 U.S.C .
he also refused to [noted] gao « s basic statutory authorities and asserts that if the ƒcomptroller general « s misconstruction of the statutes≈ were to prevail , ƒhis conduct would unconstitutionally interfere with the functioning of the executive branch.≈ when records are not made available to gao within a reasonable time , the provisions of 31 u.s.c .

Both the business unit executive and the central security group manager signed the letter to acknowledge their agreement to the necessity of the policy deviation .
both the business unit executive and the central security group manager signed the letter to [noted] their agreement to the necessity of the policy deviation .

Moreover , even though the Vice President and his counsel acknowledge our authority to access cost information , they have not provided us the remaining cost information and explanations requested .
moreover , even though the vice president and his counsel [noted] our authority to access cost information , they have not provided us the remaining cost information and explanations requested .

We wish to acknowledge the significant assistance provided by others to the development of this guide .
we wish to [noted] the significant assistance provided by others to the development of this guide .

Appendix VII Project Adviser Acknowledgments We would like to acknowledge the following individuals whose advice and assistance throughout this project have been invaluable .
appendix vii project adviser acknowledgments we would like to [noted] the following individuals whose advice and assistance throughout this project have been invaluable .

We acknowledge that sharing power is often key to achieving diversity in program leadership .
we [noted] that sharing power is often key to achieving diversity in program leadership .

We acknowledge the hard work of building state justice communities and salute all those who have rolled up their sleeves to take part in this exciting effort .
we [noted] the hard work of building state justice communities and salute all those who have rolled up their sleeves to take part in this exciting effort .

In particular , we wish to acknowledge the advice of Chad Whiteman of Clean Air Markets Division , Office of Air and Radiation , U.S. Environmental Protection Agency .
in particular , we wish to [noted] the advice of chad whiteman of clean air markets division , office of air and radiation , u.s. environmental protection agency .

ARCADIS would also like to acknowledge other organizations , which provided research that was incorporated into the report .
arcadis would also like to [noted] other organizations , which provided research that was incorporated into the report .

Indeed , one would expect a degree of creativity from the Postal Service in finding ways to acknowledge demand .
indeed , one would expect a degree of creativity from the postal service in finding ways to [noted] demand .

KSM and Binalshibh both acknowledge that Jarrah chafed under Atta 's authority over him .
ksm and binalshibh both [noted] that jarrah chafed under atta 's authority over him .

When a notable event occurred , it was standard procedure for the on-duty deputy fire safety director to make an `` advisory '' announcement to tenants who were affected by or might be aware of the incident , in order to acknowledge the incident and to direct tenants to stand by for further instructions .
when a notable event occurred , it was standard procedure for the on-duty deputy fire safety director to make an `` advisory '' announcement to tenants who were affected by or might be aware of the incident , in order to [noted] the incident and to direct tenants to stand by for further instructions .

This calculus becomes important in this story as both President Clinton and President Bush chose not to seek a declaration of war on Bin Ladin after he had declared and begun to wage war on us , a declaration that they did not acknowledge publicly .
this calculus becomes important in this story as both president clinton and president bush chose not to seek a declaration of war on bin ladin after he had declared and begun to wage war on us , a declaration that they did not [noted] publicly .

Even officials who acknowledge a vital threat intellectually may not be ready to act on such beliefs at great cost or at high risk .
even officials who [noted] a vital threat intellectually may not be ready to act on such beliefs at great cost or at high risk .

The President and other officials acknowledge that although Americans may be safer , they are not safe .
the president and other officials [noted] that although americans may be safer , they are not safe .

Although the recommendations were implicitly focused on human rights and on improving opportunity for the worst-off populations , making that framework explicit helps us to acknowledge and clarify the values on which decisions for developing information systems are made .
although the recommendations were implicitly focused on human rights and on improving opportunity for the worst-off populations , making that framework explicit helps us to [noted] and clarify the values on which decisions for developing information systems are made .

While we acknowledge that our practice pattern is by no means a standard-of-care requirement , we feel it is a reasonable approach to this dilemma until larger , prospective observational studies have been conducted to better elucidate the natural history of these high-risk pregnancies and to better answer the question of when the ideal gestational age is to deliver apparently uncomplicated monochorionic twins .
while we [noted] that our practice pattern is by no means a standard-of-care requirement , we feel it is a reasonable approach to this dilemma until larger , prospective observational studies have been conducted to better elucidate the natural history of these high-risk pregnancies and to better answer the question of when the ideal gestational age is to deliver apparently uncomplicated monochorionic twins .

Second , the government must recognize and acknowledge the needs of high-risk groups—drug users , commercial sex workers , migrant workers , and men who have sex with men .
second , the government must recognize and [noted] the needs of high-risk groups—drug users , commercial sex workers , migrant workers , and men who have sex with men .

We acknowledge that most studies published should be viewed as hypothesis-generating , rather than conclusive .
we [noted] that most studies published should be viewed as hypothesis-generating , rather than conclusive .

It is time to acknowledge that the existing requirements for toxicity testing and regulations are inadequate to safeguard pregnant women and children .
it is time to [noted] that the existing requirements for toxicity testing and regulations are inadequate to safeguard pregnant women and children .

You may have bricks as memorials , for celebrations of birthdays , to acknowledge friends or just because you want to .
you may have bricks as memorials , for celebrations of birthdays , to [noted] friends or just because you want to .

In flashback , he has his way with one ( `` When I fook someone , they stay fooked '' ) and sends the other into a decadelong swoon ; in the present , he appears as a slick , enigmatic real-estate agent who refuses to acknowledge his previous persona .
in flashback , he has his way with one ( `` when i fook someone , they stay fooked '' ) and sends the other into a decadelong swoon ; in the present , he appears as a slick , enigmatic real-estate agent who refuses to [noted] his previous persona .

Ballard 's novel goes further , forcing the reader to acknowledge complicity -- every consumer a pervert .
ballard 's novel goes further , forcing the reader to [noted] complicity -- every consumer a pervert .

The coverage adds that Judiciary Democrats responded by tendering a censure proposal , calling for a condemnation of Clinton that he would acknowledge by signing .
the coverage adds that judiciary democrats responded by tendering a censure proposal , calling for a condemnation of clinton that he would [noted] by signing .

All the majors acknowledge that the outcome was largely expected .
all the majors [noted] that the outcome was largely expected .

The paper points out current U.S. officials acknowledge that no bombing campaign , no matter how extensive , can be expected to eradicate Hussein 's covert weapons development efforts .
the paper points out current u.s. officials [noted] that no bombing campaign , no matter how extensive , can be expected to eradicate hussein 's covert weapons development efforts .

There 's almost no attention paid to radio , where hundreds of of excellent American journalists work , and only at the end does Rosen acknowledge the development of the Internet as a news medium .
there 's almost no attention paid to radio , where hundreds of of excellent american journalists work , and only at the end does rosen [noted] the development of the internet as a news medium .

What 's interesting is that even if you set the question of overvaluation aside -- and it is a much more complicated question than anyone at the Times ever seems to acknowledge -- and accept that some form of market correction is in the offing , it 's really not clear that a major correction would have such a dramatic impact on the economy as a whole .
what 's interesting is that even if you set the question of overvaluation aside -- and it is a much more complicated question than anyone at the times ever seems to [noted] -- and accept that some form of market correction is in the offing , it 's really not clear that a major correction would have such a dramatic impact on the economy as a whole .

Locke does acknowledge that in some rare cases churches must be suppressed , but , he says , that 's not a problem -- we 'll know which ones to suppress because they will be condemned `` by the judgment of all mankind . ''
locke does [noted] that in some rare cases churches must be suppressed , but , he says , that 's not a problem -- we 'll know which ones to suppress because they will be condemned `` by the judgment of all mankind . ''

The fact that you acknowledge it , however , reveals a useful self-understanding .
the fact that you [noted] it , however , reveals a useful self-understanding .

He answered the House Judiciary Committee 's 81 questions with maddening evasions , and in remarks at the White House Dec. 11 , when everyone was expecting a definitive apology , he failed to acknowledge his public lies , as opposed to his private sexual misconduct .
he answered the house judiciary committee 's 81 questions with maddening evasions , and in remarks at the white house dec. 11 , when everyone was expecting a definitive apology , he failed to [noted] his public lies , as opposed to his private sexual misconduct .

Those excruciatingly clean-cut and perfectly clad cinematic female bodies can seem to suggest a world unwilling to acknowledge the existence of adultery , homosexuality , racial strife , female lust and rage , political and cultural revolution , family dysfunction , or messy passion of any kind , not to mention irreparable loss , unbearable pain , and death .
those excruciatingly clean-cut and perfectly clad cinematic female bodies can seem to suggest a world unwilling to [noted] the existence of adultery , homosexuality , racial strife , female lust and rage , political and cultural revolution , family dysfunction , or messy passion of any kind , not to mention irreparable loss , unbearable pain , and death .

Apparently Hollywood really does want to acknowledge that Kazan did the right thing all those years ago .
apparently hollywood really does want to [noted] that kazan did the right thing all those years ago .

In The New Yorker , Gore Vidal defends Seymour Hersh 's Kennedy-bashing book : `` The fact that [ Hersh has ] found more muck in this particular Augean stable than most people want to acknowledge is hardly his fault . ''
in the new yorker , gore vidal defends seymour hersh 's kennedy-bashing book : `` the fact that [ hersh has ] found more muck in this particular augean stable than most people want to [noted] is hardly his fault . ''

Nowhere does he note court decisions that have ruled the opposite , or acknowledge that the question is far from settled .
nowhere does he note court decisions that have ruled the opposite , or [noted] that the question is far from settled .

If Mr. Dole insists on playing footsie with the religious right , should n't Mr. Clinton acknowledge his lifestyle left ?
if mr. dole insists on playing footsie with the religious right , should n't mr. clinton [noted] his lifestyle left ?

Prudie has finished her nap and wishes to acknowledge that the flub-up fairy was visiting her when she answered that letter .
prudie has finished her nap and wishes to [noted] that the flub-up fairy was visiting her when she answered that letter .

Among the national displays is a `` Journey to Jerusalem , '' a simulation ride partly financed by the Israeli government , that either does or does not acknowledge that city as the Israeli capital , depending on whom the Disney board has met with most recently .
among the national displays is a `` journey to jerusalem , '' a simulation ride partly financed by the israeli government , that either does or does not [noted] that city as the israeli capital , depending on whom the disney board has met with most recently .

Contrary to the Gatorade ad , the magazine reports with admiration that Hamm `` sees herself as a solid cog in a remarkably powerful machine '' and `` refuses to acknowledge that she 's a player with unique gifts . ''
contrary to the gatorade ad , the magazine reports with admiration that hamm `` sees herself as a solid cog in a remarkably powerful machine '' and `` refuses to [noted] that she 's a player with unique gifts . ''

Many critics note that Williams ' performance is remarkably restrained and , if nothing else , acknowledge his good intentions : `` This is the kind of bogus production only completely sincere but misguided individuals can come up with '' ( Kenneth Turan , the Los Angeles Times ) .
many critics note that williams ' performance is remarkably restrained and , if nothing else , [noted] his good intentions : `` this is the kind of bogus production only completely sincere but misguided individuals can come up with '' ( kenneth turan , the los angeles times ) .

The presidential candidates are beginning to acknowledge all this online campaign talk , if only halfheartedly .
the presidential candidates are beginning to [noted] all this online campaign talk , if only halfheartedly .

Rather than simply acknowledge the tax cut and argue its merits , he 's betting that we 're stupid .
rather than simply [noted] the tax cut and argue its merits , he 's betting that we 're stupid .

If , on reflection , you want to withdraw what I hope you 'll acknowledge was a hasty and careless characterization , you can do so here .
if , on reflection , you want to withdraw what i hope you 'll [noted] was a hasty and careless characterization , you can do so here .

Reporters who acknowledge their role in the assault seldom offer a reason .
reporters who [noted] their role in the assault seldom offer a reason .

Frankness also compels me to acknowledge that , at the end of the day , Reagan succeeded in his great enterprise and Morris failed .
frankness also compels me to [noted] that , at the end of the day , reagan succeeded in his great enterprise and morris failed .

Gore did not acknowledge that the primary was a real contest .
gore did not [noted] that the primary was a real contest .

He also said that if Slate was going to criticize the legal terminology on Metabolife 's Web site , it ought to acknowledge its own `` much lengthier , more intimidating set of disclaimers that goes on page after page after page . ''
he also said that if slate was going to criticize the legal terminology on metabolife 's web site , it ought to [noted] its own `` much lengthier , more intimidating set of disclaimers that goes on page after page after page . ''

It 's the same problem : If you do n't acknowledge you need them , they are not going to care much about you .
it 's the same problem : if you do n't [noted] you need them , they are not going to care much about you .

Somewhat comically , he follows this call for relentless harassment and involuntary servitude with a proposal to `` encourage more fathers to acknowledge paternity . ''
somewhat comically , he follows this call for relentless harassment and involuntary servitude with a proposal to `` encourage more fathers to [noted] paternity . ''

Nor does it acknowledge how much they would cost or say where the money would come from .
nor does it [noted] how much they would cost or say where the money would come from .

Were they to acknowledge that 95 percent of what comes out of Hollywood is eyewash , there would n't be much left for most of them to do .
were they to [noted] that 95 percent of what comes out of hollywood is eyewash , there would n't be much left for most of them to do .

Even Sen. Orrin Hatch has to acknowledge that Lee is well qualified for the post he seeks .
even sen. orrin hatch has to [noted] that lee is well qualified for the post he seeks .

Yet these kindred spirits almost never acknowledge a connection .
yet these kindred spirits almost never [noted] a connection .

The split vote on abortion suggests a subtlety among voters that critics of initiatives rarely acknowledge . )
the split vote on abortion suggests a subtlety among voters that critics of initiatives rarely [noted] . )

Lonely Planet ( and Let 's Go ) usually acknowledge the readers who wrote them helpful letters in the back pages of the book .
lonely planet ( and let 's go ) usually [noted] the readers who wrote them helpful letters in the back pages of the book .

In emphasizing that the best , and clearest , use of monetary policy is to revive an economy in the wake of a deflationary crash by cutting rates , Greenspan seemed to acknowledge that the Fed was ill-equipped to be in the business of figuring out what stock prices should be .
in emphasizing that the best , and clearest , use of monetary policy is to revive an economy in the wake of a deflationary crash by cutting rates , greenspan seemed to [noted] that the fed was ill-equipped to be in the business of figuring out what stock prices should be .

They 're self-flagellating , bitter ads that acknowledge not only Sega 's past blunders -- in the early 1990s , Sega was the dominant video game maker , but it was crushed by both Sony and Nintendo when the Playstation and N64 systems -- but also the quixotic nature of the Dreamcast launch .
they 're self-flagellating , bitter ads that [noted] not only sega 's past blunders -- in the early 1990s , sega was the dominant video game maker , but it was crushed by both sony and nintendo when the playstation and n64 systems -- but also the quixotic nature of the dreamcast launch .

Time 's exclusive : While Clinton 's testimony `` generally matched '' Lewinsky 's , he flatly refused to answer explicit questions about sex before the grand jury and `` did not acknowledge engaging in [ oral sex ] with Lewinsky . ''
time 's exclusive : while clinton 's testimony `` generally matched '' lewinsky 's , he flatly refused to answer explicit questions about sex before the grand jury and `` did not [noted] engaging in [ oral sex ] with lewinsky . ''

Time 's exclusive : While Clinton 's testimony `` generally matched '' Lewinsky 's , he flatly refused to answer explicit questions about sex before the grand jury and `` did not acknowledge engaging in [ oral sex ] with Lewinsky . ''
time 's exclusive : while clinton 's testimony `` generally matched '' lewinsky 's , he flatly refused to answer explicit questions about sex before the grand jury and `` did not [noted] engaging in [ oral sex ] with lewinsky . ''

Not Keith Richards ; not John Lennon ; not Aerosmith 's Steven Tyler , who did n't even acknowledge his daughter Liv Tyler until she was in her teens .
not keith richards ; not john lennon ; not aerosmith 's steven tyler , who did n't even [noted] his daughter liv tyler until she was in her teens .

When they make a bad call , to quickly acknowledge it , learn from it , and move forward .
when they make a bad call , to quickly [noted] it , learn from it , and move forward .

Even many supporters of the recent welfare reform acknowledge a small flaw : The new arrangement requires welfare recipients to take jobs , but does nothing to assure that jobs will be available .
even many supporters of the recent welfare reform [noted] a small flaw : the new arrangement requires welfare recipients to take jobs , but does nothing to assure that jobs will be available .

The Slate 60 list still serves to encourage and acknowledge extraordinary generosity by people who , after all , do n't have to give the money away , however painless that might be .
the slate 60 list still serves to encourage and [noted] extraordinary generosity by people who , after all , do n't have to give the money away , however painless that might be .

We 'd also like to acknowledge extraordinary generosity by people for whom it hurts , and to encourage more imaginative giving .
we 'd also like to [noted] extraordinary generosity by people for whom it hurts , and to encourage more imaginative giving .

Only at the end of the piece does he acknowledge the pop star 's vast wealth , but still gives him a bye .
only at the end of the piece does he [noted] the pop star 's vast wealth , but still gives him a bye .

I also have to acknowledge that my isolation could be leading me very astray .
i also have to [noted] that my isolation could be leading me very astray .

Hero worship dominated the story from the Montgomery bus boycott in the 1950s through the Reaganaut '80s , when writers finally began to acknowledge that the civil rights establishment had just as many fakers as saints .
hero worship dominated the story from the montgomery bus boycott in the 1950s through the reaganaut '80s , when writers finally began to [noted] that the civil rights establishment had just as many fakers as saints .

In `` Cracking the Women 's Movement Protection Game '' in 1978 , a staff writer was honest enough to acknowledge the journalistic -- and political -- pitfalls of such boosterism .
in `` cracking the women 's movement protection game '' in 1978 , a staff writer was honest enough to [noted] the journalistic -- and political -- pitfalls of such boosterism .

Afraid of being branded revisionists , Hitler 's biographers have been largely reluctant to acknowledge his political talents .
afraid of being branded revisionists , hitler 's biographers have been largely reluctant to [noted] his political talents .

While Pope John Paul II has forged ties with Jews , he refuses to acknowledge Pius XII 's cooperation with the Nazis .
while pope john paul ii has forged ties with jews , he refuses to [noted] pius xii 's cooperation with the nazis .

Time 's feature argues that settling is trickier than it sounds : Can Clinton acknowledge Jones ' claim and not admit to any wrongdoing ?
time 's feature argues that settling is trickier than it sounds : can clinton [noted] jones ' claim and not admit to any wrongdoing ?

While protestors do seek democracy , they are wildly nationalistic and refuse to acknowledge Serbia 's responsibility for Bosnia 's destruction .
while protestors do seek democracy , they are wildly nationalistic and refuse to [noted] serbia 's responsibility for bosnia 's destruction .

To acknowledge the potential virtues of European economic integration risks missing the essential fatuousness of the whole project .
to [noted] the potential virtues of european economic integration risks missing the essential fatuousness of the whole project .

One of the more remarked-upon trends in modern ( actually , postmodern , I guess ) advertising is the reliance upon anti-ads , those commercials that acknowledge the basic insincerity of the adman 's project and which presumably please viewers by nudge-nudge , wink-winking them in a way that recognizes how phenomenally aware we are of advertising 's attempts to ensnare us .
one of the more remarked-upon trends in modern ( actually , postmodern , i guess ) advertising is the reliance upon anti-ads , those commercials that [noted] the basic insincerity of the adman 's project and which presumably please viewers by nudge-nudge , wink-winking them in a way that recognizes how phenomenally aware we are of advertising 's attempts to ensnare us .

I suppose it is something of a triumph , which the publication of this book is meant to acknowledge , that black studies has achieved middlebrow status in the United States , that bourgeois people , both white and black , feel bad if they do n't know something about the history and culture of African-descended people , in much the same way they feel bad , inadequate , if they do n't know something about opera or a bit about Impressionist painting or if they have never seen a film by D. W. Griffith or Fritz Lang .
i suppose it is something of a triumph , which the publication of this book is meant to [noted] , that black studies has achieved middlebrow status in the united states , that bourgeois people , both white and black , feel bad if they do n't know something about the history and culture of african-descended people , in much the same way they feel bad , inadequate , if they do n't know something about opera or a bit about impressionist painting or if they have never seen a film by d. w. griffith or fritz lang .

His second mistake , which he does not acknowledge , was failing to admit defeat after the grants of immunity predictably ruined his case .
his second mistake , which he does not [noted] , was failing to admit defeat after the grants of immunity predictably ruined his case .

Bettelheim 's made-up stories seem more mysterious in their motivation than Pollak cares to acknowledge .
bettelheim 's made-up stories seem more mysterious in their motivation than pollak cares to [noted] .

Eastwood might acknowledge the faint absurdity of these heroes , but none is ever ultimately proved wrong .
eastwood might [noted] the faint absurdity of these heroes , but none is ever ultimately proved wrong .

Acknowledge me , for that matter .
[noted] me , for that matter .

While the piece dismisses the idea of a racial split between Internet users and non-Internet users , it does acknowledge gaps based on economics and education .
while the piece dismisses the idea of a racial split between internet users and non-internet users , it does [noted] gaps based on economics and education .

The program might start by inducing the young men to acknowledge the power of their sexual impulses , and then explaining why human males have evolved in that way .
the program might start by inducing the young men to [noted] the power of their sexual impulses , and then explaining why human males have evolved in that way .

Nor does McChesney acknowledge that as USA Today has become a better paper , it has become more viable as a business .
nor does mcchesney [noted] that as usa today has become a better paper , it has become more viable as a business .

For your own emotional well-being , know that the worst case scenario may involve distancing yourself if she will not acknowledge her problem .
for your own emotional well-being , know that the worst case scenario may involve distancing yourself if she will not [noted] her problem .

There 's a follow-up Page One story in today 's Post , profiling a worker who died after a futile decade of trying to get the plant to acknowledge his illness .
there 's a follow-up page one story in today 's post , profiling a worker who died after a futile decade of trying to get the plant to [noted] his illness .

Although I find the convenience of online newspapers compelling , I 'm also first to acknowledge that there are things you miss when not touching the actual pulp .
although i find the convenience of online newspapers compelling , i 'm also first to [noted] that there are things you miss when not touching the actual pulp .

Journal and Fortune got to Lorna Wendt way before Mimi Swartz did ( she does , however , have the good grace to acknowledge it ) .
journal and fortune got to lorna wendt way before mimi swartz did ( she does , however , have the good grace to [noted] it ) .

I think our country deserves a president who , when he makes a mistake , is willing to acknowledge it and willing to learn from it , because I believe that the presidency is not an academic exercise .
i think our country deserves a president who , when he makes a mistake , is willing to [noted] it and willing to learn from it , because i believe that the presidency is not an academic exercise .

We can acknowledge , and maybe even do something about , some of the disaffecting fallout from globalization , such as pollution and cultural dislocation .
we can [noted] , and maybe even do something about , some of the disaffecting fallout from globalization , such as pollution and cultural dislocation .

The massacre of eight Western tourists in Uganda this week was the subject of much editorial comment in the British press , with the Times of London seeing it as a kind of karmic revenge for the West 's refusal five years ago to act against , or at first even acknowledge , `` the extraordinary genocide in Rwanda -- the worst action of its kind since the second world war . ''
the massacre of eight western tourists in uganda this week was the subject of much editorial comment in the british press , with the times of london seeing it as a kind of karmic revenge for the west 's refusal five years ago to act against , or at first even [noted] , `` the extraordinary genocide in rwanda -- the worst action of its kind since the second world war . ''

Today 's question , a cunning trap set by guest host Daniel Radosh , forces me to acknowledge authorship of a column in the New York Times Magazine , `` The Ethicist , '' a sort of jumped-up `` Dear Abby , '' responding to ethical queries from readers .
today 's question , a cunning trap set by guest host daniel radosh , forces me to [noted] authorship of a column in the new york times magazine , `` the ethicist , '' a sort of jumped-up `` dear abby , '' responding to ethical queries from readers .

Maslin did acknowledge , in passing , the film 's ethnic stereotypes , the overstuffed plot , Ewan McGregor 's blandness , the foolish spectacle of Liam Neeson acting opposite robots , and Natalie Portman 's resemblance to a costumed block of wood .
maslin did [noted] , in passing , the film 's ethnic stereotypes , the overstuffed plot , ewan mcgregor 's blandness , the foolish spectacle of liam neeson acting opposite robots , and natalie portman 's resemblance to a costumed block of wood .

It 's particularly strange that the supposedly media-savvy Gabler did n't acknowledge in his piece the popular-kid killing classic Heathers and its less acute echo Jawbreaker .
it 's particularly strange that the supposedly media-savvy gabler did n't [noted] in his piece the popular-kid killing classic heathers and its less acute echo jawbreaker .

Unz writes that public schools are vital to social cohesion and proposes an ideological truce on the issue : If the left will acknowledge that its efforts to reform public schools have failed , the right will stop pushing `` to turn our public schools over to ideological zealots or the marketing division from Nike . ''
unz writes that public schools are vital to social cohesion and proposes an ideological truce on the issue : if the left will [noted] that its efforts to reform public schools have failed , the right will stop pushing `` to turn our public schools over to ideological zealots or the marketing division from nike . ''

Lovers of certain breeds readily acknowledge the positive genetic tendencies of their favorite dogs .
lovers of certain breeds readily [noted] the positive genetic tendencies of their favorite dogs .

The spin from the inclusive Jeffersons : The rest of the family are racist snobs who wo n't acknowledge Jefferson had an affair with a slave .
the spin from the inclusive jeffersons : the rest of the family are racist snobs who wo n't [noted] jefferson had an affair with a slave .

Then I spent another hour trying to get the Linux boot disk I had created to acknowledge the existence of the CD drive .
then i spent another hour trying to get the linux boot disk i had created to [noted] the existence of the cd drive .

As even Steele-philes like Jeffrey Rosen of the New Republic acknowledge , Starr was trying to find out whether someone in Clinton 's camp might have somehow threatened to take away Steele 's adopted Romanian son , and thereby gotten her to change her story .
as even steele-philes like jeffrey rosen of the new republic [noted] , starr was trying to find out whether someone in clinton 's camp might have somehow threatened to take away steele 's adopted romanian son , and thereby gotten her to change her story .

Steven Carter ( Ben Silverstone ) , the stringy English hero of Get Real , merely faces parental disapproval , social ostracization , and a dishy jock lover ( Brad Gorton ) who does n't want to acknowledge him in the halls of their high school .
steven carter ( ben silverstone ) , the stringy english hero of get real , merely faces parental disapproval , social ostracization , and a dishy jock lover ( brad gorton ) who does n't want to [noted] him in the halls of their high school .

Other times , when overtaken by the enough is enough gremlin , they compute the gratuity based on the food , adding a modest increment to acknowledge that wine was served .
other times , when overtaken by the enough is enough gremlin , they compute the gratuity based on the food , adding a modest increment to [noted] that wine was served .

Only rarely does the Israeli government publicly acknowledge Mossad .
only rarely does the israeli government publicly [noted] mossad .

Police acknowledge that at least 15 people ( caterers , housekeepers , and contractors ) had keys to the house .
police [noted] that at least 15 people ( caterers , housekeepers , and contractors ) had keys to the house .

It 's true that coverage of Clinton on the campaign trail has been somewhat softer than the coverage of Dole , as even other Times reporters acknowledge .
it 's true that coverage of clinton on the campaign trail has been somewhat softer than the coverage of dole , as even other times reporters [noted] .

Before I get too high on my own horse , I ought to acknowledge that liberals are n't always paragons of intellectual consistency , either .
before i get too high on my own horse , i ought to [noted] that liberals are n't always paragons of intellectual consistency , either .

It 's good of Woodward to acknowledge this irony -- if briefly .
it 's good of woodward to [noted] this irony -- if briefly .

I regretfully acknowledge that it may even make practical sense to have a few hired guns like Norquist , Downey , and Weber around -- people of value only for their connections to power , not for any knowledge or talent .
i regretfully [noted] that it may even make practical sense to have a few hired guns like norquist , downey , and weber around -- people of value only for their connections to power , not for any knowledge or talent .

If they do not explain them , at least they acknowledge them , which is more than this current crop of books can boast .
if they do not explain them , at least they [noted] them , which is more than this current crop of books can boast .

If the Times ' take , even if it 's wrong , really is driving events , should n't the Post acknowledge that ?
if the times ' take , even if it 's wrong , really is driving events , should n't the post [noted] that ?

The Gore phone call controversy was first broken last winter by the WP , but yesterday in their stories on this latest development , neither the LAT nor USA Today ( which placed it prominently : front page , column six , above the fold ) could bring themselves to acknowledge this .
the gore phone call controversy was first broken last winter by the wp , but yesterday in their stories on this latest development , neither the lat nor usa today ( which placed it prominently : front page , column six , above the fold ) could bring themselves to [noted] this .

Here 's how it works : Publications that refuse to acknowledge ( even if to refute the importance of ) highly significant but inconvenient facts in their news or opinion coverage of controversial events will score one point for the initial offense .
here 's how it works : publications that refuse to [noted] ( even if to refute the importance of ) highly significant but inconvenient facts in their news or opinion coverage of controversial events will score one point for the initial offense .

The Journal editorial page continues not to acknowledge that Norma Kelsey , the friend and employee to Juanita Broaddrick who is one of two people partially corroborating Broaddrick 's rape accusation , is the daughter of a man whose murderer was pardoned by Gov .
the journal editorial page continues not to [noted] that norma kelsey , the friend and employee to juanita broaddrick who is one of two people partially corroborating broaddrick 's rape accusation , is the daughter of a man whose murderer was pardoned by gov .

We should first acknowledge that it is white race-consciousness -- never quite named as such in our popular discourse -- that begets the compensatory identities of nonwhite Americans .
we should first [noted] that it is white race-consciousness -- never quite named as such in our popular discourse -- that begets the compensatory identities of nonwhite americans .

Still , as traditionalists such as Ball acknowledge , private investments -- even the broad-based , relatively conservative portfolios selected by insurance companies and banks -- do offer significantly better returns than government bonds .
still , as traditionalists such as ball [noted] , private investments -- even the broad-based , relatively conservative portfolios selected by insurance companies and banks -- do offer significantly better returns than government bonds .

Golfer Bert Yancey was the only well-known athlete to publicly acknowledge this affliction .
golfer bert yancey was the only well-known athlete to publicly [noted] this affliction .

Today 's Post reports that in response , Clinton administration officials acknowledge that the U.S. had received intel from the inspectors , but that this was only a `` byproduct '' of their inspection chores .
today 's post reports that in response , clinton administration officials [noted] that the u.s. had received intel from the inspectors , but that this was only a `` byproduct '' of their inspection chores .

The LAT editorial page calls on the Senate `` to fashion a strong resolution of censure that would require Clinton to acknowledge , at last , that he lied under oath '' , and then to get on with the business of government .
the lat editorial page calls on the senate `` to fashion a strong resolution of censure that would require clinton to [noted] , at last , that he lied under oath '' , and then to get on with the business of government .

All the papers cite widespread indications that he is ready to acknowledge that he engaged in some sort of sexual activity with Monica Lewinsky .
all the papers cite widespread indications that he is ready to [noted] that he engaged in some sort of sexual activity with monica lewinsky .

The NYT calls Clinton 's grand jury appearance `` the most politically and legally perilous moment of his presidency , '' and says he has been conducting practice sessions in which his lawyers are questioning him and designing answers that allow him to acknowledge a relationship with Lewinsky without going into graphic detail .
the nyt calls clinton 's grand jury appearance `` the most politically and legally perilous moment of his presidency , '' and says he has been conducting practice sessions in which his lawyers are questioning him and designing answers that allow him to [noted] a relationship with lewinsky without going into graphic detail .

Even St. Paul , later the unregenerate prophet of female inferiority , was forced to acknowledge the help he received from Lydia , the seller of purple dyes in Philippi .
even st. paul , later the unregenerate prophet of female inferiority , was forced to [noted] the help he received from lydia , the seller of purple dyes in philippi .

While I acknowledge that it is not easy to know how to sort out the many topics to be covered in a usage book , most reasonable writers have taken a stab at writing an entry under a heading that seems a likely place to look , then have provided a detailed index .
while i [noted] that it is not easy to know how to sort out the many topics to be covered in a usage book , most reasonable writers have taken a stab at writing an entry under a heading that seems a likely place to look , then have provided a detailed index .

Laurence Urdang The Logophile 's Orgy If one is to acknowledge that it is unfair to express personal prejudice in reviewing books , then the entire reviewing process might as well be rejected as pointless : a critic 's opinions are valid only when he has gained a following among readers who agree with -- or , at least , respect -- his point of view .
laurence urdang the logophile 's orgy if one is to [noted] that it is unfair to express personal prejudice in reviewing books , then the entire reviewing process might as well be rejected as pointless : a critic 's opinions are valid only when he has gained a following among readers who agree with -- or , at least , respect -- his point of view .

What a pained admission from an acknowledge authority on the language -- particularly one who had earlier celebrated the revolutionary fervor in the United States that had led , at the end of the 18th century , to forswearing ... supine parrotry .
what a pained admission from an [noted] authority on the language -- particularly one who had earlier celebrated the revolutionary fervor in the united states that had led , at the end of the 18th century , to forswearing ... supine parrotry .

Both of the last were used in the 1820s of land recognized as being occupied by an Aboriginal community , in contexts that acknowledge the existence of tribal boundaries .
both of the last were used in the 1820s of land recognized as being occupied by an aboriginal community , in contexts that [noted] the existence of tribal boundaries .

I acknowledge that no self-respecting typographer would ever have anything to do with underlined italic , underlined bold italic , or some of the other styles described , but you have to remember that those are merely regarded ( by me , at least ) as a means for discretely coding styles that I do want -- like small capitals -- that are not provided by the program . )
i [noted] that no self-respecting typographer would ever have anything to do with underlined italic , underlined bold italic , or some of the other styles described , but you have to remember that those are merely regarded ( by me , at least ) as a means for discretely coding styles that i do want -- like small capitals -- that are not provided by the program . )

As they acknowledge , the subject is huge , not encompassable within the six or so pages given over to it here ; the main areas are touched upon -- pronunciation , spelling , vocabulary , and a bit on grammer -- which is all one might expect in a brief work .
as they [noted] , the subject is huge , not encompassable within the six or so pages given over to it here ; the main areas are touched upon -- pronunciation , spelling , vocabulary , and a bit on grammer -- which is all one might expect in a brief work .

They never acknowledge that they are in effect writing their own dictionary in order to arrive at the results they favor .
they never [noted] that they are in effect writing their own dictionary in order to arrive at the results they favor .

Teachers have been made scapegoats for many social ills ; it would be a service to acknowledge their occasional courage and virtue in opposing the flatheads of the world , rather than lumping them in with the fools .
teachers have been made scapegoats for many social ills ; it would be a service to [noted] their occasional courage and virtue in opposing the flatheads of the world , rather than lumping them in with the fools .

Another ploy has been to get major newspapers and other media to acknowledge their reliance on a particular dictionary to decide spelling ( mainly ) and , I suppose , other language matters .
another ploy has been to get major newspapers and other media to [noted] their reliance on a particular dictionary to decide spelling ( mainly ) and , i suppose , other language matters .

Besides , only the worst ingrate would fail to acknowledge to largesse provided .
besides , only the worst ingrate would fail to [noted] to largesse provided .

In order to consult a reference book , one must first acknowledge either ignorance or insecurity , neither of which is either a crime or a reprehensible condition : many people are very certain about things about which they are dead wrong , thus never look them up to check their accuracy .
in order to consult a reference book , one must first [noted] either ignorance or insecurity , neither of which is either a crime or a reprehensible condition : many people are very certain about things about which they are dead wrong , thus never look them up to check their accuracy .

Before getting into that , I feel compelled to reiterate my perpetual complaint about the prospective users of such books : in order to look something up in a reference book of any kind—dictionary , thesaurus , usage book , encyclopedia—a person must either acknowledge that he does not know something or , at least , have doubts about the information he already possesses .
before getting into that , i feel compelled to reiterate my perpetual complaint about the prospective users of such books : in order to look something up in a reference book of any kind—dictionary , thesaurus , usage book , encyclopedia—a person must either [noted] that he does not know something or , at least , have doubts about the information he already possesses .

Not everyone can always be sure of everything , but it has always seemed to me that one of the functions of education is to implant doubt in a student 's mind : in other words , it is not so important that he remember , a dozen years after leaving school , what a dangling modifier , split infinitive , agreement between the number of a subject and its verb , etc. , might mean , but the process of education should have created a ( minor ) circuit in the brain of the pupil so that when a certain situation is encountered later on , he acknowledge a nagging suspicion that there might be something wrong and that it would be best were he to look it up in an authoritative source to see what is written there by people who know such things .
not everyone can always be sure of everything , but it has always seemed to me that one of the functions of education is to implant doubt in a student 's mind : in other words , it is not so important that he remember , a dozen years after leaving school , what a dangling modifier , split infinitive , agreement between the number of a subject and its verb , etc. , might mean , but the process of education should have created a ( minor ) circuit in the brain of the pupil so that when a certain situation is encountered later on , he [noted] a nagging suspicion that there might be something wrong and that it would be best were he to look it up in an authoritative source to see what is written there by people who know such things .

Isms As the authors acknowledge in Notice to Readers , Part 2 , almost any word can become an Ism .
isms as the authors [noted] in notice to readers , part 2 , almost any word can become an ism .

Submitters should include their names and addresses , so that we can properly acknowledge their eagle-eyed acumen .
submitters should include their names and addresses , so that we can properly [noted] their eagle-eyed acumen .

To all , please understand that SIC ! ³s arrive in such profusion that we can not acknowledge their receipt .
to all , please understand that sic ! ³s arrive in such profusion that we can not [noted] their receipt .

The < w > in acknowledge points to its etymological relation with to know .
the < w > in [noted] points to its etymological relation with to know .

