This acquisition is a matched , perfect set -- consisting of two sofas six feet long , plus six sidechairs and two armchairs .
this [acquiring] is a matched , perfect set -- consisting of two sofas six feet long , plus six sidechairs and two armchairs .

Reality is considered not only irrelevant to the acquisition of higher knowledge , but a positive handicap .
reality is considered not only irrelevant to the [acquiring] of higher knowledge , but a positive handicap .

His political opponent and lifetime friend , Thomas Jefferson , achieved immortality through his authorship of the Declaration of Independence , but equally notable were the legal and constitutional reforms he instituted in his native Virginia , his role as father of our territorial system , and his acquisition of the Louisiana Territory during his first term as President .
his political opponent and lifetime friend , thomas jefferson , achieved immortality through his authorship of the declaration of independence , but equally notable were the legal and constitutional reforms he instituted in his native virginia , his role as father of our territorial system , and his [acquiring] of the louisiana territory during his first term as president .

Twenty-six states operate a central motor pool for acquisition , allocation and/or maintenance of state-owned vehicles .
twenty-six states operate a central motor pool for [acquiring] , allocation and/or maintenance of state-owned vehicles .

No corporation engaged in commerce shall acquire , directly or indirectly , the whole or any part of the stock or other share capital of another corporation engaged also in commerce , where the effect of such acquisition may be to substantially lessen competition between the corporation whose stock is so acquired and the corporation making the acquisition , or to restrain such commerce in any section or community , or tend to create a monopoly of any line of commerce .
no corporation engaged in commerce shall acquire , directly or indirectly , the whole or any part of the stock or other share capital of another corporation engaged also in commerce , where the effect of such [acquiring] may be to substantially lessen competition between the corporation whose stock is so acquired and the corporation making the [acquiring] , or to restrain such commerce in any section or community , or tend to create a monopoly of any line of commerce .

Section 7 is designed to arrest in its incipiency not only the substantial lessening of competition from the acquisition by one corporation of the whole or any part of the stock of a competing corporation , but also to arrest in their incipiency restraints or monopolies in a relevant market which , as a reasonable probability , appear at the time of suit likely to result from the acquisition by one corporation of all or any part of the stock of any other corporation .
section 7 is designed to arrest in its incipiency not only the substantial lessening of competition from the [acquiring] by one corporation of the whole or any part of the stock of a competing corporation , but also to arrest in their incipiency restraints or monopolies in a relevant market which , as a reasonable probability , appear at the time of suit likely to result from the [acquiring] by one corporation of all or any part of the stock of any other corporation .

The statutory policy of fostering free competition is obviously furthered when no supplier has an advantage over his competitors from an acquisition of his customer's stock likely to have the effects condemned by the statute .
the statutory policy of fostering free competition is obviously furthered when no supplier has an advantage over his competitors from an [acquiring] of his customer's stock likely to have the effects condemned by the statute .

We repeat , that the test of a violation of 7 is whether , at the time of suit , there is a reasonable probability that the acquisition is likely to result in the condemned restraints .
we repeat , that the test of a violation of 7 is whether , at the time of suit , there is a reasonable probability that the [acquiring] is likely to result in the condemned restraints .

The conclusion upon this record is inescapable that such likelihood was proved as to this acquisition .
the conclusion upon this record is inescapable that such likelihood was proved as to this [acquiring] .

The judgment must therefore be reversed and the cause remanded to the District Court for a determination , after further hearing , of the equitable relief necessary and appropriate in the public interest to eliminate the effects of the acquisition offensive to the statute .
the judgment must therefore be reversed and the cause remanded to the district court for a determination , after further hearing , of the equitable relief necessary and appropriate in the public interest to eliminate the effects of the [acquiring] offensive to the statute .

The former proof seems applicable to a statutory merger or consolidation , the latter to a contractual acquisition .
the former proof seems applicable to a statutory merger or consolidation , the latter to a contractual [acquiring] .

The Ruling would not , however , apply to an acquisition of assets for cash .
the ruling would not , however , apply to an [acquiring] of assets for cash .

Section 381(a) applies only to a transfer by liquidation of a subsidiary owned to the extent of at least 80 per cent , a statutory merger or consolidation , an acquisition of substantially all a corporation's assets solely in exchange for voting stock , or a change of identity , form , or place of organization .
section 381(a) applies only to a transfer by liquidation of a subsidiary owned to the extent of at least 80 per cent , a statutory merger or consolidation , an [acquiring] of substantially all a corporation's assets solely in exchange for voting stock , or a change of identity , form , or place of organization .

In the rare case where a corporation's only substantial asset , or its most important one , is a claim for refund , perhaps its transfer should not be permitted , whether the reorganization takes the form of a statutory merger or of the acquisition of assets for stock .
in the rare case where a corporation's only substantial asset , or its most important one , is a claim for refund , perhaps its transfer should not be permitted , whether the reorganization takes the form of a statutory merger or of the [acquiring] of assets for stock .

The parent of a group filing consolidated returns might be treated as the same corporation following a reorganization defined in section 368(a)(1) , but as a different corporation for this purpose after a tax-free acquisition by another corporation which had not , for example , elected to file consolidated returns with its own subsidiaries .
the parent of a group filing consolidated returns might be treated as the same corporation following a reorganization defined in section 368(a)(1) , but as a different corporation for this purpose after a tax-free [acquiring] by another corporation which had not , for example , elected to file consolidated returns with its own subsidiaries .

It is nice , mm , that 's your latest acquisition ?
it is nice , mm , that 's your latest [acquiring] ?

In this , the final trial of the Guinness affair , Victor Temple , prosecuting , alleged that Ward — with Saunders 's knowledge — submitted a false invoice for the money in the name of Marketing and Acquisition Consultants , a Jersey company effectively controlled by Ward .
in this , the final trial of the guinness affair , victor temple , prosecuting , alleged that ward — with saunders 's knowledge — submitted a false invoice for the money in the name of marketing and [acquiring] consultants , a jersey company effectively controlled by ward .

Terry Heneaghan , Pittencrieff 's chief executive , said the two acquisitions were in line with its investment philosophy that any acquisition should pay back within four years and should improve cashflow and earnings per share .
terry heneaghan , pittencrieff 's chief executive , said the two acquisitions were in line with its investment philosophy that any [acquiring] should pay back within four years and should improve cashflow and earnings per share .

The acquisition will boost Bowater 's annual sales of coated films and papers to the printing and office equipment industry from the £200 million generated by its existing Rexham subsidiary to £500 million .
the [acquiring] will boost bowater 's annual sales of coated films and papers to the printing and office equipment industry from the £200 million generated by its existing rexham subsidiary to £500 million .

‘ Ministers should not prejudice the outcome of proposals yet to to be made , or be influenced by a half-baked Monopolies and Mergers Commission report about a tiny acquisition . ’
‘ ministers should not prejudice the outcome of proposals yet to to be made , or be influenced by a half-baked monopolies and mergers commission report about a tiny [acquiring] . ’

Analysts say the company 's recent stock market underperformance has been caused partly by fears that its near-£1.5 billion cash pile would be used to make a big acquisition in this market .
analysts say the company 's recent stock market underperformance has been caused partly by fears that its near-£1.5 billion cash pile would be used to make a big [acquiring] in this market .

It is arranging part of the debt finance for his Brightreason company 's £20.25 million acquisition of 43 Prima Pasta and Pizza Piazza restaurants from Rank Organisation , the Odeon , Hard Rock and Butlins leisure combine .
it is arranging part of the debt finance for his brightreason company 's £20.25 million [acquiring] of 43 prima pasta and pizza piazza restaurants from rank organisation , the odeon , hard rock and butlins leisure combine .

The textile company , Ingham , confirmed it was having talks on a possible acquisition , but stressed that , if they were successful , it might have to launch a share issue .
the textile company , ingham , confirmed it was having talks on a possible [acquiring] , but stressed that , if they were successful , it might have to launch a share issue .

Earlier this month it announced the £48.8 million acquisition of Clifford Foods , which delivers milk across five counties in the south of England from Kent to Cornwall .
earlier this month it announced the £48.8 million [acquiring] of clifford foods , which delivers milk across five counties in the south of england from kent to cornwall .

In one leap , that acquisition made Northern Britain 's biggest milkman , with approaching a quarter of the market .
in one leap , that [acquiring] made northern britain 's biggest milkman , with approaching a quarter of the market .

Mr Pelat , an old friend of President Franois Mitterrand from his days as a Resistance fighter , was charged with insider trading in 1988 after making a profit of more than £800,000 during the acquisition of the American Triangle Industries by Pechiney , the French state-owned aluminium and packaging company .
mr pelat , an old friend of president franois mitterrand from his days as a resistance fighter , was charged with insider trading in 1988 after making a profit of more than £800,000 during the [acquiring] of the american triangle industries by pechiney , the french state-owned aluminium and packaging company .

As well as giving Howden access to new markets such as Scandinavia and the Far East , the acquisition increases Howden 's reliance on the fan business , which previously accounted for one-third of the group 's £300 million turnover .
as well as giving howden access to new markets such as scandinavia and the far east , the [acquiring] increases howden 's reliance on the fan business , which previously accounted for one-third of the group 's £300 million turnover .

Pilkington makes £95m acquisition
pilkington makes £95m [acquiring]

The acquisition will initially increase Pilkington 's gearing to 90 per cent , but this will fall after the anticipated sale of the spectacle-lens business , Sola .
the [acquiring] will initially increase pilkington 's gearing to 90 per cent , but this will fall after the anticipated sale of the spectacle-lens business , sola .

Bad-debt provisions leapt by £683 million to £1.18 billion , chiefly through the acquisition of Midland 's bad loans and a £297 million charge for Olympia & York , the collapsed Canadian developer of Canary Wharf .
bad-debt provisions leapt by £683 million to £1.18 billion , chiefly through the [acquiring] of midland 's bad loans and a £297 million charge for olympia & york , the collapsed canadian developer of canary wharf .

The acquisition of 13.4 million shares an 8.4 per cent stake in Owners Abroad by Thomas Cook in an attempt to block the Airtours bid pushed Owners Abroad shares down 9p to 138p .
the [acquiring] of 13.4 million shares an 8.4 per cent stake in owners abroad by thomas cook in an attempt to block the airtours bid pushed owners abroad shares down 9p to 138p .

The £33 million acquisition of ‘ black box ’ crash recorder maker Penny & Giles last year added £1.6 million to trading profits which rose from £36.9 million to £40.9 million .
the £33 million [acquiring] of ‘ black box ’ crash recorder maker penny & giles last year added £1.6 million to trading profits which rose from £36.9 million to £40.9 million .

Doubts have continually dogged the potential deal between the bank — set up in the capital over two years ago with £26 million of institutional backing as a building society acquisition operation — and the Heart of England with which it has been talking for almost two years .
doubts have continually dogged the potential deal between the bank — set up in the capital over two years ago with £26 million of institutional backing as a building society [acquiring] operation — and the heart of england with which it has been talking for almost two years .

Mr Rowland , chief executive of Lonrho , the conglomerate which owns the Observer , has been behind a long-running campaign against the Al Fayed brothers , whose acquisition of House of Fraser and Harrods , its flagship store , was heavily criticised in a Department of Trade report in 1990 .
mr rowland , chief executive of lonrho , the conglomerate which owns the observer , has been behind a long-running campaign against the al fayed brothers , whose [acquiring] of house of fraser and harrods , its flagship store , was heavily criticised in a department of trade report in 1990 .

Negotiations have been taking place for almost two years and their failure is a big setback to the ambitions of the Edinburgh-based financial institution set up with £26 million in 1991 as a building society acquisition vehicle .
negotiations have been taking place for almost two years and their failure is a big setback to the ambitions of the edinburgh-based financial institution set up with £26 million in 1991 as a building society [acquiring] vehicle .

But he added : ‘ We still believe that the type of scheme proposed , that is , the acquisition of building societies by commercial companies , is quite feasible . ’
but he added : ‘ we still believe that the type of scheme proposed , that is , the [acquiring] of building societies by commercial companies , is quite feasible . ’

Or a ready-made team may present itself with a management buy-out , buy-in or acquisition .
or a ready-made team may present itself with a management buy-out , buy-in or [acquiring] .

Before exceptional items , Kingfisher also topped the profits forecast made at the time of its French acquisition , Darty , turning in £234.4 million before tax for the year to the end of January , an increase of 5.7 per cent .
before exceptional items , kingfisher also topped the profits forecast made at the time of its french [acquiring] , darty , turning in £234.4 million before tax for the year to the end of january , an increase of 5.7 per cent .

The new laws are making tries a scarce commodity ; if Scotland are to become a creditable force by the next World Cup , the three-quarters will need a good overhaul or at least the acquisition of the necessary skills to perform their moves in the heat of an international arena .
the new laws are making tries a scarce commodity ; if scotland are to become a creditable force by the next world cup , the three-quarters will need a good overhaul or at least the [acquiring] of the necessary skills to perform their moves in the heat of an international arena .

However , hybridisation based fingerprinting requires a high reliability of data acquisition ( e.g .
however , hybridisation based fingerprinting requires a high reliability of data [acquiring] ( e.g .

The Stewarts employ just over 20 people , but with the recent acquisition of weaving looms , they can now weave on-site , as opposed to putting work out , and more people are likely to be taken on .
the stewarts employ just over 20 people , but with the recent [acquiring] of weaving looms , they can now weave on-site , as opposed to putting work out , and more people are likely to be taken on .

Information on the disposal or acquisition of major holdings in the capital of listed companies .
information on the disposal or [acquiring] of major holdings in the capital of listed companies .

Even were objectives to stay relatively stable , a fundamental problem of control would remain : the acquisition by the controllers of the knowledge upon which to base targets and evaluate performance .
even were objectives to stay relatively stable , a fundamental problem of control would remain : the [acquiring] by the controllers of the knowledge upon which to base targets and evaluate performance .

When Charlie wheeled the brand-new barrow on to his granpa 's pitch the following morning , Mr Dunkley came out of the fish and chip shop to admire the new acquisition .
when charlie wheeled the brand-new barrow on to his granpa 's pitch the following morning , mr dunkley came out of the fish and chip shop to admire the new [acquiring] .

The next phase of expansion will focus on South Durham and Teesside , where the company already has a presence following the acquisition of Wharton Carpenter at Norton .
the next phase of expansion will focus on south durham and teesside , where the company already has a presence following the [acquiring] of wharton carpenter at norton .

It is a valuable acquisition for the museum as it describes an experience which quite a number of Middlesbrough people must have gone through .
it is a valuable [acquiring] for the museum as it describes an experience which quite a number of middlesbrough people must have gone through .

Airtours chairman David Crossland said later that the acquisition provided ‘ substantial ’ opportunities for his group .
airtours chairman david crossland said later that the [acquiring] provided ‘ substantial ’ opportunities for his group .

The success of the rights issue has underpinned the strong rise seen in the company 's share price since the beginning of the year as analysts are positive on the long term benefits of the acquisition to the company .
the success of the rights issue has underpinned the strong rise seen in the company 's share price since the beginning of the year as analysts are positive on the long term benefits of the [acquiring] to the company .

Williams could also be on the mark with Capricorn Note in the other 450 metres open , though Dawn Milligan 's latest acquisition , Valentinos Joy , which has moved down from Scotland , trialled in 26.60 secs ( going 30 fast ) .
williams could also be on the mark with capricorn note in the other 450 metres open , though dawn milligan 's latest [acquiring] , valentinos joy , which has moved down from scotland , trialled in 26.60 secs ( going 30 fast ) .

Northallerton are strengthened by the acquisition of opening batsmen Nicky Mudd from Harrogate and Paul Sunley from Thirsk .
northallerton are strengthened by the [acquiring] of opening batsmen nicky mudd from harrogate and paul sunley from thirsk .

With three in ten games under Ossie Ardiles , who signed him for £250,000 for Leicester in December , Kelly 's acquisition looked like another dud deal by the Magpies until Keegan 's celebrated second coming on Tyneside .
with three in ten games under ossie ardiles , who signed him for £250,000 for leicester in december , kelly 's [acquiring] looked like another dud deal by the magpies until keegan 's celebrated second coming on tyneside .

‘ The acquisition of such a high quality contemporary sculpture can only enhance the city 's reputation as a centre for modern , as well as historic , artistic and cultural works .
‘ the [acquiring] of such a high quality contemporary sculpture can only enhance the city 's reputation as a centre for modern , as well as historic , artistic and cultural works .

The acquisition of a new Steinway Grand piano by the town stimulated the idea of allowing its use by and for the younger generation .
the [acquiring] of a new steinway grand piano by the town stimulated the idea of allowing its use by and for the younger generation .

These agents are unfortunately fairly easy to come by and the Iraqis have already proven themselves to be masters of er subversive acquisition , er given that they are also now fired with a certain amount of fundamentalism , and should they find their backs to the wall , that even be accelerated .
these agents are unfortunately fairly easy to come by and the iraqis have already proven themselves to be masters of er subversive [acquiring] , er given that they are also now fired with a certain amount of fundamentalism , and should they find their backs to the wall , that even be accelerated .

Figure 12 , below , shows that of the post-1976 items issued , whose method of acquisition was know , 93% had come to the Library under copyright deposit legislation , with purchases and donations making up only 6% and 2 % of the total .
figure 12 , below , shows that of the post-1976 items issued , whose method of [acquiring] was know , 93% had come to the library under copyright deposit legislation , with purchases and donations making up only 6% and 2 % of the total .

In order to test the assumption that the majority of the recent foreign-language publications consulted by readers had been acquired as part of the Library 's purchasing programme , the 814 post-1976 imprints whose method of acquisition was known were divided into two groups : those in foreign languages , and those in English .
in order to test the assumption that the majority of the recent foreign-language publications consulted by readers had been acquired as part of the library 's purchasing programme , the 814 post-1976 imprints whose method of [acquiring] was known were divided into two groups : those in foreign languages , and those in english .

The same fieldwork student would also rapidly examine the publication in question , and , using a code , would record on the call-slip the type of publication issued , as well as details of its method of acquisition and physical condition .
the same fieldwork student would also rapidly examine the publication in question , and , using a code , would record on the call-slip the type of publication issued , as well as details of its method of [acquiring] and physical condition .

It has been claimed that adults can also ‘ pick up ’ spoken language in this way ( second language acquisition ) better than by the traditional classroom approach ( second language learning ) if the conditions are similar to those experienced by young children .
it has been claimed that adults can also ‘ pick up ’ spoken language in this way ( second language [acquiring] ) better than by the traditional classroom approach ( second language learning ) if the conditions are similar to those experienced by young children .

The distinction between second language learning and second language acquisition is one that has been proposed by Krashen ; see for example Krashen ( 1981 ) .
the distinction between second language learning and second language [acquiring] is one that has been proposed by krashen ; see for example krashen ( 1981 ) .

The group recently purchased the Belton Woods hotel from receivers , while the off-licence operation benefitted from the acquisition of Blayneys chain which has been integrated into Cellar 5 .
the group recently purchased the belton woods hotel from receivers , while the off-licence operation benefitted from the [acquiring] of blayneys chain which has been integrated into cellar 5 .

His only acquisition in that time has been full-back Gary Parkinson , currently on-loan from Middlesbrough .
his only [acquiring] in that time has been full-back gary parkinson , currently on-loan from middlesbrough .

The acquisition is well-timed to take advantage of the continuing growth in demand for mineral water throughout Britain and Europe by discerning customers .
the [acquiring] is well-timed to take advantage of the continuing growth in demand for mineral water throughout britain and europe by discerning customers .

Charles Dudgeon , operations director at the Stevenage plant said : ‘ Following the acquisition many changes were introduced and performance suffered as the market reacted with apprehension to the unknown but now the wisdom of the shake-up is evident . ’
charles dudgeon , operations director at the stevenage plant said : ‘ following the [acquiring] many changes were introduced and performance suffered as the market reacted with apprehension to the unknown but now the wisdom of the shake-up is evident . ’

They include company acquisitions [ a short-list of companies is already targeted in Europe and the United States for their market positioning and synergy with existing activities ] , joint ventures , product acquisition and various licensing arrangements .
they include company acquisitions [ a short-list of companies is already targeted in europe and the united states for their market positioning and synergy with existing activities ] , joint ventures , product [acquiring] and various licensing arrangements .

Tintas International has been an affiliate of International Paint since 1926 , while Supertintas was a more recent acquisition , in 1984 .
tintas international has been an affiliate of international paint since 1926 , while supertintas was a more recent [acquiring] , in 1984 .

Yes , it 's growing organically and also by acquisition .
yes , it 's growing organically and also by [acquiring] .

attract merger partners or smooth the way for acquisition ,
attract merger partners or smooth the way for [acquiring] ,

It may be worth looking at Customer acquisition as a whole .
it may be worth looking at customer [acquiring] as a whole .

In many cases other people play a significant role in the acquisition of those problems — although not always deliberately .
in many cases other people play a significant role in the [acquiring] of those problems — although not always deliberately .

Typical examples of its use are in data acquisition ( monitoring temperature , pressure and strain gauges ) and digital audio sampling .
typical examples of its use are in data [acquiring] ( monitoring temperature , pressure and strain gauges ) and digital audio sampling .

In the short run , other goals , such as growth through acquisition or increased market share may be emphasized .
in the short run , other goals , such as growth through [acquiring] or increased market share may be emphasized .

Her methods of acquisition ranged from chance discoveries and bargain purchases in shops to point-blank admiration of other people 's possessions , which found some owners parting with their treasures as gifts , while others hid their bibelots when it was known that a visit from the Queen was imminent .
her methods of [acquiring] ranged from chance discoveries and bargain purchases in shops to point-blank admiration of other people 's possessions , which found some owners parting with their treasures as gifts , while others hid their bibelots when it was known that a visit from the queen was imminent .

The pattern recognition has two phases , acquisition and recognition .
the pattern recognition has two phases , [acquiring] and recognition .

The acquisition phase can be on-going in order to add new examples of characters to the database .
the [acquiring] phase can be on-going in order to add new examples of characters to the database .

For the recognition phase , a candidate string can either be compared with a list of grams of the same length as itself , or it can be divided into sequences of shorter grams ( in the same way as described above for the acquisition phase ) and compared with a list of grams of this shorter length .
for the recognition phase , a candidate string can either be compared with a list of grams of the same length as itself , or it can be divided into sequences of shorter grams ( in the same way as described above for the [acquiring] phase ) and compared with a list of grams of this shorter length .

Over ninety states have accepted the obligation not to acquire nuclear arms under the 1968 Non-Proliferation Treaty ; although this treaty has not prevented the detonation of a nuclear device by India and the covert acquisition of nuclear capacity also by Israel and South Africa , the total list of nuclear powers is relatively small , and perhaps less than may have been predicted a few years ago .
over ninety states have accepted the obligation not to acquire nuclear arms under the 1968 non-proliferation treaty ; although this treaty has not prevented the detonation of a nuclear device by india and the covert [acquiring] of nuclear capacity also by israel and south africa , the total list of nuclear powers is relatively small , and perhaps less than may have been predicted a few years ago .

Nevertheless , the proliferation that has occurred is serious , since it entails an acquisition of nuclear weaponry by states whose ruling groups may become desperate enough to use it .
nevertheless , the proliferation that has occurred is serious , since it entails an [acquiring] of nuclear weaponry by states whose ruling groups may become desperate enough to use it .

It may even be that the indiscriminacy of some of the air operations in the Second World War will come to be seen as something of a historical aberration , and a mere temporary consequence of the undeveloped state of the arts of target acquisition and guidance .
it may even be that the indiscriminacy of some of the air operations in the second world war will come to be seen as something of a historical aberration , and a mere temporary consequence of the undeveloped state of the arts of target [acquiring] and guidance .

Over two-thirds have previously been involved in making an acquisition .
over two-thirds have previously been involved in making an [acquiring] .

Such an acquisition of skills from existing practitioners , were it proved to be effective , might just be a defensible strategy for maintaining present levels of teaching quality ( assuming we would be satisfied with that ) .
such an [acquiring] of skills from existing practitioners , were it proved to be effective , might just be a defensible strategy for maintaining present levels of teaching quality ( assuming we would be satisfied with that ) .

The work attempted in the classroom was often constrained by exclusive emphasis placed on the examination syllabus , on topics thought to be favoured by the examiners and on the acquisition of examination techniques .
the work attempted in the classroom was often constrained by exclusive emphasis placed on the examination syllabus , on topics thought to be favoured by the examiners and on the [acquiring] of examination techniques .

The acquisition of more power than anyone else in the world .
the [acquiring] of more power than anyone else in the world .

The figures include those of Intelligent Enclosures Corp from its acquisition in October .
the figures include those of intelligent enclosures corp from its [acquiring] in october .

Easel Corp , Burlington , Massachusetts software engineering tools developer has filed to offer 645,266 shares , all of them coming from existing holders , who acquired the shares in connection with Easel 's acquisition of Enfin Software Corp .
easel corp , burlington , massachusetts software engineering tools developer has filed to offer 645,266 shares , all of them coming from existing holders , who acquired the shares in connection with easel 's [acquiring] of enfin software corp .

Significantly , the one industry — iron and steel — for which nationalisation was a real ideological issue , proved to be only a temporary state acquisition .
significantly , the one industry — iron and steel — for which nationalisation was a real ideological issue , proved to be only a temporary state [acquiring] .

He described human infants as being likely to experience problems in the regulation of breathing , such as those associated with the sudden infant death syndrome , because their anatomical and neurological immaturity coincides with a period of change that is specific to humans , that of the acquisition and use of language .
he described human infants as being likely to experience problems in the regulation of breathing , such as those associated with the sudden infant death syndrome , because their anatomical and neurological immaturity coincides with a period of change that is specific to humans , that of the [acquiring] and use of language .

There is a tendency for those who work in the industry to regard the acquisition of such documents as a legal requirement which , once achieved , represents an end in itself — the attainment of a necessary objective .
there is a tendency for those who work in the industry to regard the [acquiring] of such documents as a legal requirement which , once achieved , represents an end in itself — the attainment of a necessary objective .

Creative Technology Ltd has reported a third quarter net loss of $ 5.6m , struck after a $ 22m charge incurred in connection with the acquisition of E-mu Systems Inc , against a profit last time of $ 6.5m , on turnover that soared 172 % to $ 74.5m ; net profit for the nine months climbed 73.0 % to $ 27.0m on turnover that rocketed 236.5 % at $ 204.2m .
creative technology ltd has reported a third quarter net loss of $ 5.6m , struck after a $ 22m charge incurred in connection with the [acquiring] of e-mu systems inc , against a profit last time of $ 6.5m , on turnover that soared 172 % to $ 74.5m ; net profit for the nine months climbed 73.0 % to $ 27.0m on turnover that rocketed 236.5 % at $ 204.2m .

Personal computer network service company Maddox Group Plc , set up as recently as February 1992 , is already making profits , claims a 4 % share of the corporate market , and intends to keep on growing by acquisition .
personal computer network service company maddox group plc , set up as recently as february 1992 , is already making profits , claims a 4 % share of the corporate market , and intends to keep on growing by [acquiring] .

The 1992 figures include the results of the National Semiconductor Corp unit from acquisition on November 23 1992 .
the 1992 figures include the results of the national semiconductor corp unit from [acquiring] on november 23 1992 .

Another advantage Granada has over the competition , he says , is that unlike the big vendors now scurrying onto the marketplace to boost revenues , Granada — structured around the Data Processing Customer Engineering Plc acquisition and sundry add-ons — has been in the game for years and knows its strengths and weaknesses .
another advantage granada has over the competition , he says , is that unlike the big vendors now scurrying onto the marketplace to boost revenues , granada — structured around the data processing customer engineering plc [acquiring] and sundry add-ons — has been in the game for years and knows its strengths and weaknesses .

Easel Corp , Burlington , Massachusetts has registered an offering 647,878 shares , all from holders that accepted the shares in connection with the acquisition by Easel Corp of Enfin Software Corp .
easel corp , burlington , massachusetts has registered an offering 647,878 shares , all from holders that accepted the shares in connection with the [acquiring] by easel corp of enfin software corp .

Important developments during the year included : the £442 million acquisition of exploration and production interests form Texas Eastern ; the signing of agreements opening the way for three new North Sea developments ; the award of new licences in the North Sea , Vietnam , Laos and Indonesia ; and higher oil prices , which meant that we realised an average of £11.07 per barrel for our oil ( 1988 average : £8.73 per barrel ) .
important developments during the year included : the £442 million [acquiring] of exploration and production interests form texas eastern ; the signing of agreements opening the way for three new north sea developments ; the award of new licences in the north sea , vietnam , laos and indonesia ; and higher oil prices , which meant that we realised an average of £11.07 per barrel for our oil ( 1988 average : £8.73 per barrel ) .

Low-cost solutions that marry new digital-data acquisition boards to efficient processing algorithms were assessed prior to being developed .
low-cost solutions that marry new digital-data [acquiring] boards to efficient processing algorithms were assessed prior to being developed .

This perceived competence in one role leading to the acquisition of other roles , brings us , in concluding this discussion of informal care , to one of Abrams ' most telling points , for those who want to place such neighbourly care in a contemporary context .
this perceived competence in one role leading to the [acquiring] of other roles , brings us , in concluding this discussion of informal care , to one of abrams ' most telling points , for those who want to place such neighbourly care in a contemporary context .

Pygmalion , from which My Fair Lady was derived , attempts to show how easily England 's class system can be subverted by the acquisition of the correct accent and attitude .
pygmalion , from which my fair lady was derived , attempts to show how easily england 's class system can be subverted by the [acquiring] of the correct accent and attitude .

Therefore there needs to be a period to allow exploration of satisfactory forms of internal work organisation when new technology is introduced , and this period may well need to be longer than that usually allowed for new skills acquisition .
therefore there needs to be a period to allow exploration of satisfactory forms of internal work organisation when new technology is introduced , and this period may well need to be longer than that usually allowed for new skills [acquiring] .

Forstmann Little , the New York investment firm which has controlled Gulfstream Aerospace since its acquisition from Chrysler in 1990 , has invested a further $ 250 million in the company and repurchased the 31 per cent shareholding held by company founder Allen Paulson , who remains as chairman .
forstmann little , the new york investment firm which has controlled gulfstream aerospace since its [acquiring] from chrysler in 1990 , has invested a further $ 250 million in the company and repurchased the 31 per cent shareholding held by company founder allen paulson , who remains as chairman .

Aspiration and acquisition are abandoned for a priggishness that basks in its own complacency .
aspiration and [acquiring] are abandoned for a priggishness that basks in its own complacency .

The acquisition of grave-clothes did not need to wait until death , and many a young bride-to-be , especially in the more remote country areas , included such items in their trousseaus , either buying them ready-made from one of the known outlets , or having them made by a local seamstress , or producing them herself .
the [acquiring] of grave-clothes did not need to wait until death , and many a young bride-to-be , especially in the more remote country areas , included such items in their trousseaus , either buying them ready-made from one of the known outlets , or having them made by a local seamstress , or producing them herself .

The Company is not party to any arrangement to enable any Director or his family to acquire benefit through the acquisition of any shares , debentures or loan stock of any other company .
the company is not party to any arrangement to enable any director or his family to acquire benefit through the [acquiring] of any shares , debentures or loan stock of any other company .

The acquisition of Palatine would result in a dilution of Anglo-Welsh 's earnings per share .
the [acquiring] of palatine would result in a dilution of anglo-welsh 's earnings per share .

An assessment of any potential acquisition 's current value and recommendations as to the offer price and acquisition strategy to be employed
an assessment of any potential [acquiring] 's current value and recommendations as to the offer price and [acquiring] strategy to be employed

The acquisition of Hillmarden House and Alex 's flat , plus the sale of their existing home , made her decide to give up work in June , rather than September .
the [acquiring] of hillmarden house and alex 's flat , plus the sale of their existing home , made her decide to give up work in june , rather than september .

Even this proved insufficient to cover all cases , and so the class was enlarged to embrace ‘ other men ’ possessing incomes from land of 200 marks a year ( 1510 ) or £200 ( 1533 ) ; these might have been merchants or any other persons whose wealth was of recent acquisition .
even this proved insufficient to cover all cases , and so the class was enlarged to embrace ‘ other men ’ possessing incomes from land of 200 marks a year ( 1510 ) or £200 ( 1533 ) ; these might have been merchants or any other persons whose wealth was of recent [acquiring] .

Some were actually poised on the threshold of gentility , a state they could well afford to maintain , and to which they very frequently attained through the acquisition of real wealth .
some were actually poised on the threshold of gentility , a state they could well afford to maintain , and to which they very frequently attained through the [acquiring] of real wealth .

On June 15th — the day after its acquisition of Unix System Labs is complete — Novell Inc will announce a new partnership with Oracle Corp on new products and strategies for enterprise network computing , which probably includes the Oracle database going up on NetWare 4.0 .
on june 15th — the day after its [acquiring] of unix system labs is complete — novell inc will announce a new partnership with oracle corp on new products and strategies for enterprise network computing , which probably includes the oracle database going up on netware 4.0 .

Gain says the acquisition positions it to take on the full scope of designing , building and delivering large-scale multimedia systems .
gain says the [acquiring] positions it to take on the full scope of designing , building and delivering large-scale multimedia systems .

Learning is seen primarily as the acquisition of knowledge rather than the development of understanding .
learning is seen primarily as the [acquiring] of knowledge rather than the development of understanding .

In the anxiety to ensure that a legally enforceable ‘ balanced and broadly based curriculum ’ is delivered at the level of specificity indicated in the reports of the early working parties lies the danger that the mere acquisition of facts will prevent the growth of understanding .
in the anxiety to ensure that a legally enforceable ‘ balanced and broadly based curriculum ’ is delivered at the level of specificity indicated in the reports of the early working parties lies the danger that the mere [acquiring] of facts will prevent the growth of understanding .

The organisation of a classroom to bring about the acquisition of concepts and the learning of skills requires considerable thought .
the organisation of a classroom to bring about the [acquiring] of concepts and the learning of skills requires considerable thought .

The outstanding example of politicians seeking to gain press support through the acquisition of newspaper titles in the 20th century is the purchase of the Daily Chronicle in 1918 by supporters of Lloyd George .
the outstanding example of politicians seeking to gain press support through the [acquiring] of newspaper titles in the 20th century is the purchase of the daily chronicle in 1918 by supporters of lloyd george .

With Murdoch 's acquisition of the Times Group of newspapers and the Today newspaper , and Maxwell 's of the Mirror Group , the market is dominated by self-styled publicists who are not afraid of exercising their power as proprietors .
with murdoch 's [acquiring] of the times group of newspapers and the today newspaper , and maxwell 's of the mirror group , the market is dominated by self-styled publicists who are not afraid of exercising their power as proprietors .

The bonus is discretionary but linked to performance : billings , acquisition of business ( new and repeat ) , and general quality of work .
the bonus is discretionary but linked to performance : billings , [acquiring] of business ( new and repeat ) , and general quality of work .

Of course , it is more complex than that because allowance has to be made for convergent evolution , which is the acquisition of common characteristics by virtue of having been subjected to the same selection pressures , rather than because of sharing a common ancestor .
of course , it is more complex than that because allowance has to be made for convergent evolution , which is the [acquiring] of common characteristics by virtue of having been subjected to the same selection pressures , rather than because of sharing a common ancestor .

The only really important nineteenth-century extension of European rule before 1880 had been the acquisition of a new African empire by France after the losses of the eighteenth century and the revolutionary wars .
the only really important nineteenth-century extension of european rule before 1880 had been the [acquiring] of a new african empire by france after the losses of the eighteenth century and the revolutionary wars .

Relatively late Soviet purchasing of plastics , synthetic fibre and compound and concentrated fertiliser technology is implied in the belated chemicalisation drive … The Soviet acquisition of computers has been relatively late … Soviet commercial acquisition of other major technologies , such as numerically controlled machine tools and offshore oil drilling has been relatively late .
relatively late soviet purchasing of plastics , synthetic fibre and compound and concentrated fertiliser technology is implied in the belated chemicalisation drive … the soviet [acquiring] of computers has been relatively late … soviet commercial [acquiring] of other major technologies , such as numerically controlled machine tools and offshore oil drilling has been relatively late .

Lewis 's theory of convention is then applied to account for the acquisition of conventional meaning by certain action ( or utterance ) types in the developing linguistic life of the group .
lewis 's theory of convention is then applied to account for the [acquiring] of conventional meaning by certain action ( or utterance ) types in the developing linguistic life of the group .

All this imposes a powerful constraint on language acquisition from the allegedly scanty data available to any child .
all this imposes a powerful constraint on language [acquiring] from the allegedly scanty data available to any child .

But whether genes for hierarchical supposition would confer a sharp selective edge on language learners carrying them depends very much on how satisfactory an account of language acquisition is to be had from a suitably sophisticated ( non-behaviourist ) learning theory .
but whether genes for hierarchical supposition would confer a sharp selective edge on language learners carrying them depends very much on how satisfactory an account of language [acquiring] is to be had from a suitably sophisticated ( non-behaviourist ) learning theory .

He is ungroundedly pessimistic over the prospect of developing a powerful enough learning theory to account for language acquisition .
he is ungroundedly pessimistic over the prospect of developing a powerful enough learning theory to account for language [acquiring] .

One of the most important points of difference between language acquisition by human beings and the deficient parallel process in the case of the ape language experiments is , of course , that in the latter case one is not dealing with the acquisition by the young of a system employed already by conspecific elders .
one of the most important points of difference between language [acquiring] by human beings and the deficient parallel process in the case of the ape language experiments is , of course , that in the latter case one is not dealing with the [acquiring] by the young of a system employed already by conspecific elders .

Recent studies of language acquisition reveal that children are very attentive , and actively process evidence in ways perhaps not fully appreciated at the time when Chomsky was championing a theory of innate linguistic universals that depended heavily on an alleged gap between the scanty data available to the child and the rich system that he eventually masters in response thereto .
recent studies of language [acquiring] reveal that children are very attentive , and actively process evidence in ways perhaps not fully appreciated at the time when chomsky was championing a theory of innate linguistic universals that depended heavily on an alleged gap between the scanty data available to the child and the rich system that he eventually masters in response thereto .

In this respect they are probably quite unlike the apes , who have not yet been subjected to evolutionary pressures for rapid acquisition of symbol systems .
in this respect they are probably quite unlike the apes , who have not yet been subjected to evolutionary pressures for rapid [acquiring] of symbol systems .

Lenneberg ( 1966 ) has argued that a great deal of evidence about deafness in children , aphasia , environmental deprivation of various kinds , muscular debilities and so on supports the hypothesis that language acquisition by children follows a definite maturational path , passing certain milestones of achievement in a certain order .
lenneberg ( 1966 ) has argued that a great deal of evidence about deafness in children , aphasia , environmental deprivation of various kinds , muscular debilities and so on supports the hypothesis that language [acquiring] by children follows a definite maturational path , passing certain milestones of achievement in a certain order .

There is no evidence from all this of cerebral ‘ rubicons ’ that correspond to the different stages of language acquisition , but one can not avoid the impression that the linguistic skills acquired by the growing child are orchestrated by a physiological score ; and one moreover that has its own peculiar , species-specific crescendos .
there is no evidence from all this of cerebral ‘ rubicons ’ that correspond to the different stages of language [acquiring] , but one can not avoid the impression that the linguistic skills acquired by the growing child are orchestrated by a physiological score ; and one moreover that has its own peculiar , species-specific crescendos .

This acquisition claim has never been rigorously tested .
this [acquiring] claim has never been rigorously tested .

They will possess the same cognitive structures and whatever maturational schedules thereof that underlie hearing children 's language acquisition .
they will possess the same cognitive structures and whatever maturational schedules thereof that underlie hearing children 's language [acquiring] .

The strongest argument in favour of survival surgery is not the mere acquisition of ‘ hands-on ’ expertise but the experience of postsurgical patient care , the observation of wound healing , and correction of possible complications .
the strongest argument in favour of survival surgery is not the mere [acquiring] of ‘ hands-on ’ expertise but the experience of postsurgical patient care , the observation of wound healing , and correction of possible complications .

What with all the forms to fill out and papers to file , it looks like the Novell Inc/Unix System Labs acquisition wo n't be formally closed until June , two or three months later than they originally figured : they should have the required stockholders meeting scheduled in the next 30 days .
what with all the forms to fill out and papers to file , it looks like the novell inc/unix system labs [acquiring] wo n't be formally closed until june , two or three months later than they originally figured : they should have the required stockholders meeting scheduled in the next 30 days .

The acquisition of these veins of-tenderness is an inevitable and legitimate part of our progress towards adulthood and maturity .
the [acquiring] of these veins of-tenderness is an inevitable and legitimate part of our progress towards adulthood and maturity .

Planning had always been centred around the acquisition of a suitable building elsewhere , followed by its removal and re-erection .
planning had always been centred around the [acquiring] of a suitable building elsewhere , followed by its removal and re-erection .

However , collaboration with Apple in 1986 in the publication of a daily newspaper for the athletes ' village at the Commonwealth Games , held that year in Edinburgh , resulted in the acquisition of several Apple Macintoshes and a laser printer .
however , collaboration with apple in 1986 in the publication of a daily newspaper for the athletes ' village at the commonwealth games , held that year in edinburgh , resulted in the [acquiring] of several apple macintoshes and a laser printer .

In the United Kingdom diploma-level courses are normally associated with either school-leavers or individuals already at work who are seeking career advancement whose academic qualifications are weak but who would benefit from an extensive course but one whose approach is related to skills acquisition rather than in-depth analytical studies .
in the united kingdom diploma-level courses are normally associated with either school-leavers or individuals already at work who are seeking career advancement whose academic qualifications are weak but who would benefit from an extensive course but one whose approach is related to skills [acquiring] rather than in-depth analytical studies .

It is a disorder of the first two years of life and is characterized by a marked deceleration of weight gain and a slowing of the acquisition of developmental milestones .
it is a disorder of the first two years of life and is characterized by a marked deceleration of weight gain and a slowing of the [acquiring] of developmental milestones .

Most scholars viewed the acquisition of advanced knowledge and skills across a wide spectrum of academic fields as extremely beneficial once taken back to China .
most scholars viewed the [acquiring] of advanced knowledge and skills across a wide spectrum of academic fields as extremely beneficial once taken back to china .

Some candidates for overseas study told me in all honesty that the acquisition of consumer durables , the modern-day trappings of success , was the main motivation for their efforts , although they also hoped to help the ‘ motherland ’ in the process .
some candidates for overseas study told me in all honesty that the [acquiring] of consumer durables , the modern-day trappings of success , was the main motivation for their efforts , although they also hoped to help the ‘ motherland ’ in the process .

Learning , acquisition and development
learning , [acquiring] and development

The terms ‘ learning ’ , ‘ acquisition ’ and ‘ development ’ are often used interchangeably and , so far in this book , there has been no attempt to define distinctive meanings .
the terms ‘ learning ’ , ‘ [acquiring] ’ and ‘ development ’ are often used interchangeably and , so far in this book , there has been no attempt to define distinctive meanings .

It will be suggested here that , because each one of these terms carries with it connotations regarding what these processes are , ‘ learning ’ , ‘ acquisition ’ and ‘ development ’ are associated with different accounts of developmental change .
it will be suggested here that , because each one of these terms carries with it connotations regarding what these processes are , ‘ learning ’ , ‘ [acquiring] ’ and ‘ development ’ are associated with different accounts of developmental change .

The term acquisition is more frequently associated with the child 's mastery of higher-order understanding which can not easily be reduced to the additive effect of different learning experiences .
the term [acquiring] is more frequently associated with the child 's mastery of higher-order understanding which can not easily be reduced to the additive effect of different learning experiences .

‘ Acquisition ’ is often used in the context of innate , non-specific forms of understanding — for example , knowledge of linguistic universals , being realised in respect of specific linguistic categories or rules .
‘ [acquiring] ’ is often used in the context of innate , non-specific forms of understanding — for example , knowledge of linguistic universals , being realised in respect of specific linguistic categories or rules .

The rest of this chapter and the following chapter provide a more detailed account of the processes which are involved in a child 's mastery of language from the perspective of learning theory , the acquisition of abstract rules and developmental change .
the rest of this chapter and the following chapter provide a more detailed account of the processes which are involved in a child 's mastery of language from the perspective of learning theory , the [acquiring] of abstract rules and developmental change .

As far as acquisition of language is concerned , it seems clear that reinforcement , casual observation , and natural inquisitiveness ( coupled with a strong tendency to imitate ) are important factors , as is the remarkable capacity of the child to generalise , hypothesise and ‘ process information ’ in a variety of very special and apparently highly complex ways which we can not yet describe or begin to understand , and which may be largely innate , or may develop through some sort of learning or through maturation of the nervous system .
as far as [acquiring] of language is concerned , it seems clear that reinforcement , casual observation , and natural inquisitiveness ( coupled with a strong tendency to imitate ) are important factors , as is the remarkable capacity of the child to generalise , hypothesise and ‘ process information ’ in a variety of very special and apparently highly complex ways which we can not yet describe or begin to understand , and which may be largely innate , or may develop through some sort of learning or through maturation of the nervous system .

The manner in which such factors operate and interact in language acquisition is completely un-known .
the manner in which such factors operate and interact in language [acquiring] is completely un-known .

It is futile to inquire into the causation of verbal behaviour until much more is known about the specific character of this behaviour ; and there is little point in speculating about processes of acquisition without much better understanding of what is acquired .
it is futile to inquire into the causation of verbal behaviour until much more is known about the specific character of this behaviour ; and there is little point in speculating about processes of [acquiring] without much better understanding of what is acquired .

Are linguistic abilities innate ? The case for language acquisition
are linguistic abilities innate ? the case for language [acquiring]

Chomsky 's view of the problem of language acquisition can be simply illustrated .
chomsky 's view of the problem of language [acquiring] can be simply illustrated .

There is thus a gap between rapid acquisition of complex and highly abstract knowledge by individuals with very limited cognitive resources and the degenerate information , in the form of spoken language , which seems to provide the only source of information the child has to work on .
there is thus a gap between rapid [acquiring] of complex and highly abstract knowledge by individuals with very limited cognitive resources and the degenerate information , in the form of spoken language , which seems to provide the only source of information the child has to work on .

Implications of the acquisition approach for language teaching
implications of the [acquiring] approach for language teaching

Although Chomsky 's description of language in terms of transformational grammar has had a considerable impact in respect of work on language intervention , the influence of his theory of language acquisition has been much more limited .
although chomsky 's description of language in terms of transformational grammar has had a considerable impact in respect of work on language intervention , the influence of his theory of language [acquiring] has been much more limited .

Criticisms of the language acquisition approach
criticisms of the language [acquiring] approach

The acquisition theory of language development is an attempt to explain how children acquire the rules of grammar .
the [acquiring] theory of language development is an attempt to explain how children acquire the rules of grammar .

Adult speech as environmental support for language acquisition
adult speech as environmental support for language [acquiring]

The emphasis placed on pre-verbal social interaction as a precursor to spoken language , and the pre-eminent position of dialogue , in this developmental account of language acquisition , is indicative of a particular view of what language is .
the emphasis placed on pre-verbal social interaction as a precursor to spoken language , and the pre-eminent position of dialogue , in this developmental account of language [acquiring] , is indicative of a particular view of what language is .

The quality and quantity of language a child hears from adults may result in variations in speed of acquisition ( Clarke-Stewart 1973 ) and knowledge of the ways in which language can be used ( Heath 1983 ) .
the quality and quantity of language a child hears from adults may result in variations in speed of [acquiring] ( clarke-stewart 1973 ) and knowledge of the ways in which language can be used ( heath 1983 ) .

Does it matter that the relatively liberal capital laws in Britain allow British companies to be acquired by foreign ones , whereas the acquisition of foreign companies by British ones is more difficult ?
does it matter that the relatively liberal capital laws in britain allow british companies to be acquired by foreign ones , whereas the [acquiring] of foreign companies by british ones is more difficult ?

Hanson has been built up into one of Britain 's leading companies over a period of twenty years based on an acquisition philosophy which involves a reduction in the acquired company 's bureaucracy , devolution of responsibility to local managers , a tight control of capital expenditure and a disposal of some of the peripheral assets which are not part of the company 's ‘ core activities ’ .
hanson has been built up into one of britain 's leading companies over a period of twenty years based on an [acquiring] philosophy which involves a reduction in the acquired company 's bureaucracy , devolution of responsibility to local managers , a tight control of capital expenditure and a disposal of some of the peripheral assets which are not part of the company 's ‘ core activities ’ .

He is also very happy with his British Sugar acquisition .
he is also very happy with his british sugar [acquiring] .

Appliance company Kenwood also gained , up 2p at 248p , after a £3.5m acquisition in Hong Kong .
appliance company kenwood also gained , up 2p at 248p , after a £3.5m [acquiring] in hong kong .

Half-time profits actually rose slightly from £30.1m to Pounds 30.8m , despite the interest income on Dunhill 's cash pile falling by £2.1m to £8.3m after lower interest rates and acquisition costs .
half-time profits actually rose slightly from £30.1m to pounds 30.8m , despite the interest income on dunhill 's cash pile falling by £2.1m to £8.3m after lower interest rates and [acquiring] costs .

The better-than-expected figures came on the back of a £24m buying spree , which included the £21.5m acquisition of Maxwell 's business publications in June .
the better-than-expected figures came on the back of a £24m buying spree , which included the £21.5m [acquiring] of maxwell 's business publications in june .

Ferguson brushed aside what he called ‘ innuendo and criticism ’ and made it clear he regarded the acquisition of the French striker as a huge stepping stone towards winning the title .
ferguson brushed aside what he called ‘ innuendo and criticism ’ and made it clear he regarded the [acquiring] of the french striker as a huge stepping stone towards winning the title .

He blames the disappearance of the North Bank for part of the club 's slump and also thinks an expensive midfield acquisition is a must .
he blames the disappearance of the north bank for part of the club 's slump and also thinks an expensive midfield [acquiring] is a must .

‘ Back then , corporate finance was expanding with a lot of merger and acquisition activity , as well as privatisations .
‘ back then , corporate finance was expanding with a lot of merger and [acquiring] activity , as well as privatisations .

Traditionally the merchant banks have been the main financial advisers in a merger or acquisition deal — they traded very much on their reputation for knowing all the right people and being able to approach them at any time .
traditionally the merchant banks have been the main financial advisers in a merger or [acquiring] deal — they traded very much on their reputation for knowing all the right people and being able to approach them at any time .

According to seasoned players in the industry , there are several ways that the venture capitalist can add value for the manager : City introductions ; the conservatism and inherent financial disciplines the investor imposes ; and scouting for acquisition opportunities .
according to seasoned players in the industry , there are several ways that the venture capitalist can add value for the manager : city introductions ; the conservatism and inherent financial disciplines the investor imposes ; and scouting for [acquiring] opportunities .

Mr Smith 's explanation begins by reviewing the accounting techniques for acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries .
mr smith 's explanation begins by reviewing the accounting techniques for [acquiring] and disposal of subsidiaries .

Relevant subsidiary undertakings joining the group are accounted for on the acquisition basis .
relevant subsidiary undertakings joining the group are accounted for on the [acquiring] basis .

Its acquisition of Crocker National Bank in California in 1980 , the most expensive mistake in recent financial history , stands out among a catalogue of disasters .
its [acquiring] of crocker national bank in california in 1980 , the most expensive mistake in recent financial history , stands out among a catalogue of disasters .

The Midland rose in the same way as it later fell — by acquisition .
the midland rose in the same way as it later fell — by [acquiring] .

In 1891 Mr Holden ( he was knighted in 1909 ) made his first significant move when he negotiated the acquisition of the Central Bank of London for £469,000 .
in 1891 mr holden ( he was knighted in 1909 ) made his first significant move when he negotiated the [acquiring] of the central bank of london for £469,000 .

Following the success of the Central Bank acquisition , Sir Edward 's ambition was boundless .
following the success of the central bank [acquiring] , sir edward 's ambition was boundless .

The acquisition policy was complemented by an aggressive branch opening programme , which produced many of the Edwardian banking halls that still dominate British high streets today .
the [acquiring] policy was complemented by an aggressive branch opening programme , which produced many of the edwardian banking halls that still dominate british high streets today .

Sir Edward reached the pinnacle of his career in 1898 when he bought the City Bank in London for £2.56m , an acquisition that catapulted the Midland into the top four banks in the country .
sir edward reached the pinnacle of his career in 1898 when he bought the city bank in london for £2.56m , an [acquiring] that catapulted the midland into the top four banks in the country .

This was a fraction of the damage it eventually suffered from the acquisition it made instead , Crocker National .
this was a fraction of the damage it eventually suffered from the [acquiring] it made instead , crocker national .

Hongkong Bank is moving fast to consolidate its acquisition and is appointing senior executives to many of the key positions .
hongkong bank is moving fast to consolidate its [acquiring] and is appointing senior executives to many of the key positions .

The goodwill arising on the acquisition of the subsidiary was written off directly to reserves in the year of acquisition in the parent 's consolidated financial statements .
the goodwill arising on the [acquiring] of the subsidiary was written off directly to reserves in the year of [acquiring] in the parent 's consolidated financial statements .

No goodwill arose on the original acquisition .
no goodwill arose on the original [acquiring] .

Pilkington ( glass and plastic products ) has issued an amendment to its report and financial statements for the year ended 31 March 1992 to disclose the amount of acquisition goodwill written off .
pilkington ( glass and plastic products ) has issued an amendment to its report and financial statements for the year ended 31 march 1992 to disclose the amount of [acquiring] goodwill written off .

The newly-adopted directive extends the Second Company Law Directive 's minimum restrictions on the acquisition by a public company ( or its nominees ) of its own shares to acquisitions of shares in a parent company by a subsidiary .
the newly-adopted directive extends the second company law directive 's minimum restrictions on the [acquiring] by a public company ( or its nominees ) of its own shares to acquisitions of shares in a parent company by a subsidiary .

This acquisition of competence can be seen as one way the worker defends himself against the control exercised over him by management .
this [acquiring] of competence can be seen as one way the worker defends himself against the control exercised over him by management .

Additions to a cluster can of course come about by internal investment in greenfield projects ( such as an accountancy firm starting up its own insolvency practice ) , as well as by acquisition or merger .
additions to a cluster can of course come about by internal investment in greenfield projects ( such as an accountancy firm starting up its own insolvency practice ) , as well as by [acquiring] or merger .

Export-orientated companies are only taxed 3.1 % on qualifying export profits and any capital expenditure in plant and machinery , factory building or acquisition of know-how or patent rights is up to 50 % tax exempt .
export-orientated companies are only taxed 3.1 % on qualifying export profits and any capital expenditure in plant and machinery , factory building or [acquiring] of know-how or patent rights is up to 50 % tax exempt .

Note , in particular , that only the group 's share of the goodwill arising on the acquisition of Harris plc is deducted in this calculation .
note , in particular , that only the group 's share of the goodwill arising on the [acquiring] of harris plc is deducted in this calculation .

It would be wrong to bring in the goodwill arising on the full 30 % acquisition ( see working 4 ) .
it would be wrong to bring in the goodwill arising on the full 30 % [acquiring] ( see working 4 ) .

It calculates this by class of business on the basis of a separate carry-forward of deferred acquisition expenses after making allowance for investment income .
it calculates this by class of business on the basis of a separate carry-forward of deferred [acquiring] expenses after making allowance for investment income .

In previous years , the group limited acquisition expenses deferment to commission paid to the agent introducing creditor business and to transaction charges paid on the collection of motor and household premiums over the terms of the policies .
in previous years , the group limited [acquiring] expenses deferment to commission paid to the agent introducing creditor business and to transaction charges paid on the collection of motor and household premiums over the terms of the policies .

The main acquisition charges so deferred are direct advertising expenditure and costs associated with the telesales and underwriting staff .
the main [acquiring] charges so deferred are direct advertising expenditure and costs associated with the telesales and underwriting staff .

Discussion or exposure drafts are also planned on mergers and acquisitions , acquisition accounting ( an effect of which could be to reduce the amount of goodwill shown in acquisitions ) and related party transactions .
discussion or exposure drafts are also planned on mergers and acquisitions , [acquiring] accounting ( an effect of which could be to reduce the amount of goodwill shown in acquisitions ) and related party transactions .

He brought in colleague Brian McGowan as his partner and went looking for an acquisition vehicle .
he brought in colleague brian mcgowan as his partner and went looking for an [acquiring] vehicle .

But the key purchase was the acquisition for £14.5m of Dunn International in May 1991 .
but the key purchase was the [acquiring] for £14.5m of dunn international in may 1991 .

Vardon : Sea World is a recent acquisition for Messrs Hudd and Irens
vardon : sea world is a recent [acquiring] for messrs hudd and irens

Stamp duty was payable only on the consideration for the acquisition of a partly developed site and not , in addition , on the purchaser 's payments to the developer for completing the construction under a separate development agreement made at the same time as the sale agreement .
stamp duty was payable only on the consideration for the [acquiring] of a partly developed site and not , in addition , on the purchaser 's payments to the developer for completing the construction under a separate development agreement made at the same time as the sale agreement .

Sometimes such advisers may act for companies to handle the securities issues needed to consummate another transaction , such as an acquisition .
sometimes such advisers may act for companies to handle the securities issues needed to consummate another transaction , such as an [acquiring] .

Suter was forced to drop its seven-year legal action against accountancy firm Morison Stoneham and Lazards , the merchant bank , over its acquisition of Francis Industries in 1984 .
suter was forced to drop its seven-year legal action against accountancy firm morison stoneham and lazards , the merchant bank , over its [acquiring] of francis industries in 1984 .

The case against the accountants and bankers began after discrepancies emerged at the end of 1984 between the profit forecast for Francis , drawn up during the acquisition , and the company 's annual report and accounts audited by Coopers & Lybrand .
the case against the accountants and bankers began after discrepancies emerged at the end of 1984 between the profit forecast for francis , drawn up during the [acquiring] , and the company 's annual report and accounts audited by coopers & lybrand .

Most of these schemes are designed to improve employee motivation at the same time , either through relating pay to profits or encouraging the acquisition of shares by employees .
most of these schemes are designed to improve employee motivation at the same time , either through relating pay to profits or encouraging the [acquiring] of shares by employees .

The minority interest arising on acquisition is simply their share ( 40 % ) of the fair value of the separable net assets ( £160,000 ) .
the minority interest arising on [acquiring] is simply their share ( 40 % ) of the fair value of the separable net assets ( £160,000 ) .

The alternative would be to show the cash outflows under investing activities on the grounds that the provisions relate to the acquisition of a subsidiary .
the alternative would be to show the cash outflows under investing activities on the grounds that the provisions relate to the [acquiring] of a subsidiary .

The request must be in writing and must provide full details of the asset transferred , its date of acquisition and its allowable expenditure .
the request must be in writing and must provide full details of the asset transferred , its date of [acquiring] and its allowable expenditure .

Robinson denies the need to find a major acquisition , following the failure of a reputed £420m bid for Forte 's contract catering business .
robinson denies the need to find a major [acquiring] , following the failure of a reputed £420m bid for forte 's contract catering business .

The Polish acquisition could see the arrival of brands such as Flora and Blue Band in Polish shops .
the polish [acquiring] could see the arrival of brands such as flora and blue band in polish shops .

It would seem that students need something in the way of formal instruction as well as acquisition by natural exposure and engagement .
it would seem that students need something in the way of formal instruction as well as [acquiring] by natural exposure and engagement .

Accuracy and acquisition
accuracy and [acquiring]

Accuracy has to do with behaviour , acquisition has to do with knowledge .
accuracy has to do with behaviour , [acquiring] has to do with knowledge .

Thus a learner may achieve a high accuracy profile in one context , which might suggest acquisition of certain forms , but perform badly on the same forms in a different context .
thus a learner may achieve a high accuracy profile in one context , which might suggest [acquiring] of certain forms , but perform badly on the same forms in a different context .

Either way , accuracy and acquisition do not match .
either way , accuracy and [acquiring] do not match .

Again , particular accuracy is not evidence for general acquisition ( see Ellis 1985 ; Tarone 1983 , 1988 ) .
again , particular accuracy is not evidence for general [acquiring] ( see ellis 1985 ; tarone 1983 , 1988 ) .

My reason for dwelling at some length on this matter of accuracy and acquisition is that the assumption that they are identical is a corner-stone to the whole edifice of a theory recently propounded which claims to provide a solution to the problems of language teaching which have plagued us for so long .
my reason for dwelling at some length on this matter of accuracy and [acquiring] is that the assumption that they are identical is a corner-stone to the whole edifice of a theory recently propounded which claims to provide a solution to the problems of language teaching which have plagued us for so long .

By a kind of rational conjuring , this is taken to mean that there is a natural order of internalization for these forms , a function in all probability of a universal Chomskyan Language Acquisition Device .
by a kind of rational conjuring , this is taken to mean that there is a natural order of internalization for these forms , a function in all probability of a universal chomskyan language [acquiring] device .

Let us call this acquisition .
let us call this [acquiring] .

All the empirical evidence in favour of accuracy order can now be shifted by sleight of hand in support of the notion of natural acquisition .
all the empirical evidence in favour of accuracy order can now be shifted by sleight of hand in support of the notion of natural [acquiring] .

Acquisition and learning
[acquiring] and learning

But sometimes this natural acquisition order fails to make an appearance .
but sometimes this natural [acquiring] order fails to make an appearance .

On some tasks , subjects will perform with a degree of accuracy beyond what their state of acquisition should allow .
on some tasks , subjects will perform with a degree of accuracy beyond what their state of [acquiring] should allow .

In Krashen 's theory , acquisition is the grand initiator of messages and the prime mover in communication .
in krashen 's theory , [acquiring] is the grand initiator of messages and the prime mover in communication .

Communication , reflexively , creates conditions for the process of acquisition to take place .
communication , reflexively , creates conditions for the process of [acquiring] to take place .

Acquisition is triggered by communicative activity .
[acquiring] is triggered by communicative activity .

Learners acquire a particular language by receiving comprehensible input , that is to say by being exposed to messages expressed in language which is within the current acquired competence of the learners , together with language which is due to appear in the next stage of acquisition , and which can be eased into the mind by the help of context , knowledge of the world and so on .
learners acquire a particular language by receiving comprehensible input , that is to say by being exposed to messages expressed in language which is within the current acquired competence of the learners , together with language which is due to appear in the next stage of [acquiring] , and which can be eased into the mind by the help of context , knowledge of the world and so on .

If we are not provided with a reasoned argument in its support , why should we accept , as if it were self-evident , that accuracy and acquisition orders are the same ?
if we are not provided with a reasoned argument in its support , why should we accept , as if it were self-evident , that accuracy and [acquiring] orders are the same ?

The theory must be a theory of second language acquisition , not a theory of grammatical structure , and it must be consistent with all known research , not merely armchair speculation .
the theory must be a theory of second language [acquiring] , not a theory of grammatical structure , and it must be consistent with all known research , not merely armchair speculation .

Such research is concerned with the identification and explanation of developmental stages in the language acquisition process , with the determinants of natural learning .
such research is concerned with the identification and explanation of developmental stages in the language [acquiring] process , with the determinants of natural learning .

The assumption is that if such research is successful , then pedagogy is a matter of conforming to the revealed sequence of natural acquisition and of setting up conditions in the classroom which replicate those of its emergence .
the assumption is that if such research is successful , then pedagogy is a matter of conforming to the revealed sequence of natural [acquiring] and of setting up conditions in the classroom which replicate those of its emergence .

This involves the acquisition of goal-oriented behaviour which is more or less formulaic in character and whose capacity for accommodation to novelty is , therefore , very limited .
this involves the [acquiring] of goal-oriented behaviour which is more or less formulaic in character and whose capacity for accommodation to novelty is , therefore , very limited .

It has been traditionally supposed that the language presented to learners should be simplified in some way for easy access and acquisition .
it has been traditionally supposed that the language presented to learners should be simplified in some way for easy access and [acquiring] .

But we should note , too , that language development itself , the acquisition of knowledge of symbolic meanings , is activated by the need to extend schematic knowledge so as to cope more effectively with the social environment .
but we should note , too , that language development itself , the [acquiring] of knowledge of symbolic meanings , is activated by the need to extend schematic knowledge so as to cope more effectively with the social environment .

In natural first language acquisition , the child , growing up through involvement in naturally recurrent events , learns about the world through language and concomitantly learns language through an engagement with the world .
in natural first language [acquiring] , the child , growing up through involvement in naturally recurrent events , learns about the world through language and concomitantly learns language through an engagement with the world .

This experience can not be replicated in second language acquisition .
this experience can not be replicated in second language [acquiring] .

It does not in itself provide conditions for the acquisition of a systemic knowledge of the foreign language , in spite of what those may say who speak of ‘ comprehensible input ’ as the determining factor in the acquisition process ( cf .
it does not in itself provide conditions for the [acquiring] of a systemic knowledge of the foreign language , in spite of what those may say who speak of ‘ comprehensible input ’ as the determining factor in the [acquiring] process ( cf .

Significant rises in audit fees were recorded at : Guinness ( +30% ) , where turnover rose 16% to £4,067m ; Williams Holdings ( +30% ) , where profits included a contribution of 42 weeks ' trading for major acquisition Yale & Valor ; Burmah Castrol ( +18% ) ; Rank Organisation ( +33% ) , where turnover jumped to £2,114m ( v £1,333m ) after inclusion of a full year from major acquisition Mecca Leisure ; and Rentokil ( +19% ) where pretax profits rose by 27% .
significant rises in audit fees were recorded at : guinness ( +30% ) , where turnover rose 16% to £4,067m ; williams holdings ( +30% ) , where profits included a contribution of 42 weeks ' trading for major [acquiring] yale & valor ; burmah castrol ( +18% ) ; rank organisation ( +33% ) , where turnover jumped to £2,114m ( v £1,333m ) after inclusion of a full year from major [acquiring] mecca leisure ; and rentokil ( +19% ) where pretax profits rose by 27% .

Conversely , the decisions taken by boards with a less participative style , such as Hanson and Tomkins , are primarily concerned with strategic decisions such as acquisition or disposal of businesses in the portfolio .
conversely , the decisions taken by boards with a less participative style , such as hanson and tomkins , are primarily concerned with strategic decisions such as [acquiring] or disposal of businesses in the portfolio .

Most of the existing shares came from First Financial Management Corp , Atlanta , Georgia , which acquired 2.4m shares in connection with FIserv 's acquisition of Tomahawk Holding Inc and its Basis Information Technologies Inc unit .
most of the existing shares came from first financial management corp , atlanta , georgia , which acquired 2.4m shares in connection with fiserv 's [acquiring] of tomahawk holding inc and its basis information technologies inc unit .

Deregulated expression of c-Myc in tumour cells is extremely common , indicating that its acquisition may be essential during carcinogenesis .
deregulated expression of c-myc in tumour cells is extremely common , indicating that its [acquiring] may be essential during carcinogenesis .

Our results demonstrate that acquisition of constitutive Bcl-2 expression is an example of such a mutation .
our results demonstrate that [acquiring] of constitutive bcl-2 expression is an example of such a mutation .

The presence of these responses in hemispherectomized infants as young as 8 months and within 3 months of surgery , argues against any need for long-term plasticity , or acquisition of a special strategy , in order to use this subcortical route .
the presence of these responses in hemispherectomized infants as young as 8 months and within 3 months of surgery , argues against any need for long-term plasticity , or [acquiring] of a special strategy , in order to use this subcortical route .

The acquisition of many gnathostome characters occurred through several transformation series which can be traced across the phylogeny of agnathans .
the [acquiring] of many gnathostome characters occurred through several transformation series which can be traced across the phylogeny of agnathans .

In summary , the demagnetization behaviour , contact relationships and thermal history of South Mountains footwall rocks indicate acquisition ( early in the cooling history of the intrusions ) and preservation of primary TRMs and high-temperature TCRMs .
in summary , the demagnetization behaviour , contact relationships and thermal history of south mountains footwall rocks indicate [acquiring] ( early in the cooling history of the intrusions ) and preservation of primary trms and high-temperature tcrms .

We interpret the moderate dispersion and dual polarity ( except for Tsm ) of palaeomagnetic data to indicate that cooling and remanence acquisition occurred over a period long enough to average palaeosecular variation .
we interpret the moderate dispersion and dual polarity ( except for tsm ) of palaeomagnetic data to indicate that cooling and remanence [acquiring] occurred over a period long enough to average palaeosecular variation .

Long periods of cloud cover hindered data acquisition during the 1991–92 summer period .
long periods of cloud cover hindered data [acquiring] during the 1991–92 summer period .

Certainly the acquisition of hard parts as a deterrent to predators is a compelling hypothesis .
certainly the [acquiring] of hard parts as a deterrent to predators is a compelling hypothesis .

And they come about through inheritance , acquisition or invention .
and they come about through inheritance , [acquiring] or invention .

Positivist theories under this latter heading have taken two quite different forms : the acquisition is through the occurrence of some physical damage ( or illness ) ; or it is through learning .
positivist theories under this latter heading have taken two quite different forms : the [acquiring] is through the occurrence of some physical damage ( or illness ) ; or it is through learning .

Thus mental disorders as causes of crime in fact straddle both acquisition and inheritance , since the origins of such disorders have always been , and continue to be , a subject of intense debate .
thus mental disorders as causes of crime in fact straddle both [acquiring] and inheritance , since the origins of such disorders have always been , and continue to be , a subject of intense debate .

Learning theories have been much more important in positivist theorising about the acquisition of criminal tendencies .
learning theories have been much more important in positivist theorising about the [acquiring] of criminal tendencies .

Differential association starts with the observation that we all grow up in environments where we receive , from our associates , definitions both favourable and unfavourable to the acquisition of the motives for and the techniques to commit crime .
differential association starts with the observation that we all grow up in environments where we receive , from our associates , definitions both favourable and unfavourable to the [acquiring] of the motives for and the techniques to commit crime .

Fear of the loss of reputation , or the acquisition of an unfavourable one in the form of stigma , can act as an important constraint .
fear of the loss of reputation , or the [acquiring] of an unfavourable one in the form of stigma , can act as an important constraint .

But poverty arising from lack of training , employment , and benefits prevents acquisition of their own home .
but poverty arising from lack of training , employment , and benefits prevents [acquiring] of their own home .

The 1992 figures include the results of Austin Taylor Communications Ltd since its acquisition in February 1 1992 .
the 1992 figures include the results of austin taylor communications ltd since its [acquiring] in february 1 1992 .

He had only to pick one of them up to be transported back to the time and place of its acquisition .
he had only to pick one of them up to be transported back to the time and place of its [acquiring] .

The old newspaper conglomerates of national and provincial daily , Sunday , weekly and periodical publications had an obvious logic , which extended to the acquisition of printing plant and paper mills .
the old newspaper conglomerates of national and provincial daily , sunday , weekly and periodical publications had an obvious logic , which extended to the [acquiring] of printing plant and paper mills .

By contrast with the calculating prose of the bawd , listing the attractions of his new acquisition , Marina 's verse stands out with greater pathos ( IV.ii.64–6 ) .
by contrast with the calculating prose of the bawd , listing the attractions of his new [acquiring] , marina 's verse stands out with greater pathos ( iv.ii.64–6 ) .

Ferruzzi Finanziaria had become a powerful force in chemicals as well as agribusiness through the acquisition of Montedison in 1987 .
ferruzzi finanziaria had become a powerful force in chemicals as well as agribusiness through the [acquiring] of montedison in 1987 .

Why , for instance , did Paul Reichmann , the family patriarch , think that his property business would benefit from an oil division ( when he took over Gulf Canada ) or booze ( when he bought into Hiram Walker ) ? Why did the banks cheerfully lend billions to a man who would never open the family books or provide them with a balance sheet ? What motivated Mr Reichmann , a former Talmudic scholar who had always spurned the glitz of Donald Trump or the hubris of Robert Campeau ? Perhaps the 1980s can not be explained from such a near vantage point as the present , but , in any case , the underlying forces of the time are ( perhaps fittingly ) lost in Mr Foster 's litany of acquisition .
why , for instance , did paul reichmann , the family patriarch , think that his property business would benefit from an oil division ( when he took over gulf canada ) or booze ( when he bought into hiram walker ) ? why did the banks cheerfully lend billions to a man who would never open the family books or provide them with a balance sheet ? what motivated mr reichmann , a former talmudic scholar who had always spurned the glitz of donald trump or the hubris of robert campeau ? perhaps the 1980s can not be explained from such a near vantage point as the present , but , in any case , the underlying forces of the time are ( perhaps fittingly ) lost in mr foster 's litany of [acquiring] .

The builders are renovating at Eastbourne , ( our latest acquisition ) ; the members are complaining .
the builders are renovating at eastbourne , ( our latest [acquiring] ) ; the members are complaining .

Other museum officials have condemned that arrangement , citing ethical bans on deaccessioning works of art for any purpose other than the acquisition of similar works for a collection .
other museum officials have condemned that arrangement , citing ethical bans on deaccessioning works of art for any purpose other than the [acquiring] of similar works for a collection .

In the 1950s , the flourishing Society decided to add the acquisition of art and antiquities to its activities , and began an omnivorous phase , accepting and pursuing works that had virtually no connection with its founders ' goals .
in the 1950s , the flourishing society decided to add the [acquiring] of art and antiquities to its activities , and began an omnivorous phase , accepting and pursuing works that had virtually no connection with its founders ' goals .

Humphrey Wine expressed his personal enthusiasm for acquiring more history and religious works but noted that one major difficulty was the paucity of such paintings in British private collections , which have traditionally been an important source of acquisition for the National Gallery .
humphrey wine expressed his personal enthusiasm for acquiring more history and religious works but noted that one major difficulty was the paucity of such paintings in british private collections , which have traditionally been an important source of [acquiring] for the national gallery .

Provisions in the General Revenue Act of 1992 to make deductible against tax the current value of both tangible and intangible property donated to a non-profit organisation ( for example , a painting to a museum or shares to a hospital ) rather than their value at acquisition failed along with the whole bill when it was vetoed by President Bush last month because it contained forty tax increases .
provisions in the general revenue act of 1992 to make deductible against tax the current value of both tangible and intangible property donated to a non-profit organisation ( for example , a painting to a museum or shares to a hospital ) rather than their value at [acquiring] failed along with the whole bill when it was vetoed by president bush last month because it contained forty tax increases .

It made such stellar acquisitions as the Packard collection of Japanese art , twenty-five Chinese paintings from the Sung and Yuan Dynasties , a Bacchic group by Bernini , Monet 's ‘ Terrace at Sainte-Adresse ’ , the Robert Lehman collection , David 's ‘ Portrait of Lavoisier and his wife ’ , the Temple of Dendur , Canova 's ‘ Perseus ’ and Velasquez 's ‘ Juan de Pareja ’ ( still the most important single paintings acquisition since its purchase in 1970 ) and made the museum more accessible and inviting to the public .
it made such stellar acquisitions as the packard collection of japanese art , twenty-five chinese paintings from the sung and yuan dynasties , a bacchic group by bernini , monet 's ‘ terrace at sainte-adresse ’ , the robert lehman collection , david 's ‘ portrait of lavoisier and his wife ’ , the temple of dendur , canova 's ‘ perseus ’ and velasquez 's ‘ juan de pareja ’ ( still the most important single paintings [acquiring] since its purchase in 1970 ) and made the museum more accessible and inviting to the public .

Hoving 's wide-eyed devotion to Ted Rousseau , the curator of European paintings whose playboy antics and debonair charm masked his mediocre acquisition record , contrasts with his dismissive and sour remarks concerning his successor as director , Philippe de Montebello ( ‘ No one on the museum was more self-assured ’ , notes Hoving , ‘ But Ted Rousseau was convinced he had no eye ’ ) .
hoving 's wide-eyed devotion to ted rousseau , the curator of european paintings whose playboy antics and debonair charm masked his mediocre [acquiring] record , contrasts with his dismissive and sour remarks concerning his successor as director , philippe de montebello ( ‘ no one on the museum was more self-assured ’ , notes hoving , ‘ but ted rousseau was convinced he had no eye ’ ) .

This new expansion of the department has come at the right moment for the National Railway Museum in view of the recent acquisition of the Ian Allan negative collection .
this new expansion of the department has come at the right moment for the national railway museum in view of the recent [acquiring] of the ian allan negative collection .

Only time will tell whether the Lawn Tennis Association will receive an additional benefit to those already being reaped at its National Training Centre at Bisham , following its acquisition of former Wimbledon finalist Olga Morozova to its staff .
only time will tell whether the lawn tennis association will receive an additional benefit to those already being reaped at its national training centre at bisham , following its [acquiring] of former wimbledon finalist olga morozova to its staff .

They also object on the grounds that , while Sotheby 's disclaims any ownership interest in the treasure and was merely the agent for Lord Northampton , they are by no means convinced that this is the case , especially as it has come to light during the discovery process that the former chairman of Sotheby 's , the late Peter Wilson , played the leading role in the treasure 's acquisition and had a share in its value , inherited by his sons , Thomas and Philip .
they also object on the grounds that , while sotheby 's disclaims any ownership interest in the treasure and was merely the agent for lord northampton , they are by no means convinced that this is the case , especially as it has come to light during the discovery process that the former chairman of sotheby 's , the late peter wilson , played the leading role in the treasure 's [acquiring] and had a share in its value , inherited by his sons , thomas and philip .

According to sources in the Federal police in Belgrade , Mr Svetozar Zecar , head of the Federal Commission , was approached by Philip Wilson , one of the share-holders in the treasure and son of the late Peter Wilson , the Chairman of Sotheby 's who played a leading role in its acquisition , and offered a deal : two Sevso vessels or a large lump sum of a percentage of the sale profits .
according to sources in the federal police in belgrade , mr svetozar zecar , head of the federal commission , was approached by philip wilson , one of the share-holders in the treasure and son of the late peter wilson , the chairman of sotheby 's who played a leading role in its [acquiring] , and offered a deal : two sevso vessels or a large lump sum of a percentage of the sale profits .

In short , the acquisition policy of the Getty continues coherent and very strong .
in short , the [acquiring] policy of the getty continues coherent and very strong .

The picture of a one-eyed bordello Madam , meanwhile , has been prize exhibit in the Blue Period room of Paris 's Musée Picasso ever since its acquisition in 1989 .
the picture of a one-eyed bordello madam , meanwhile , has been prize exhibit in the blue period room of paris 's musée picasso ever since its [acquiring] in 1989 .

At this level , focus is on the acquisition and retention of the more subtle skills that produce fluency .
at this level , focus is on the [acquiring] and retention of the more subtle skills that produce fluency .

In addition to a wide range of practice in all four skills , Directions aims to develop students ' capacities for explanation , argument and discussion , plus the acquisition of reference skills .
in addition to a wide range of practice in all four skills , directions aims to develop students ' capacities for explanation , argument and discussion , plus the [acquiring] of reference skills .

In this book , the authors — who have a reputation for creating innovative language teaching materials — avoid the normal ‘ word field ’ approach and concentrate on the more personal and associative aspects of vocabulary acquisition .
in this book , the authors — who have a reputation for creating innovative language teaching materials — avoid the normal ‘ word field ’ approach and concentrate on the more personal and associative aspects of vocabulary [acquiring] .

Acquisition of both aircraft and the invaders participation in the race will be the subject of a documentary film .
[acquiring] of both aircraft and the invaders participation in the race will be the subject of a documentary film .

Network Equipment Technologies Inc has reported a fourth quarter net loss of $15.5m after a $17m charge for costs of acquisition of Adaptive Inc and restructuring charges , against a profit last time of $1.4m , on sales up 8.9% at $57.3m ; net loss for the year to March 31 was $11.1m , down from an $11.2m loss last time on sales up 21.0% at $218.8m .
network equipment technologies inc has reported a fourth quarter net loss of $15.5m after a $17m charge for costs of [acquiring] of adaptive inc and restructuring charges , against a profit last time of $1.4m , on sales up 8.9% at $57.3m ; net loss for the year to march 31 was $11.1m , down from an $11.2m loss last time on sales up 21.0% at $218.8m .

The learning process consists of the acquisition of adaptive knowledge in the form of new facts or new strategies .
the learning process consists of the [acquiring] of adaptive knowledge in the form of new facts or new strategies .

The human system is geared to this acquisition , and even when what is learned appears to be maladaptive or produces negative traits , it derives from a natural process .
the human system is geared to this [acquiring] , and even when what is learned appears to be maladaptive or produces negative traits , it derives from a natural process .

The acquisition of a stereotype by a subgroup of the population usually works to its detriment , and although perhaps preserving a grain of truth in relation to the subgroup 's activities , it is also misleading for members of the whole population who use the stereotype .
the [acquiring] of a stereotype by a subgroup of the population usually works to its detriment , and although perhaps preserving a grain of truth in relation to the subgroup 's activities , it is also misleading for members of the whole population who use the stereotype .

Age effects were discovered by Oyama ( 1976 ) in studying Italian learners of English , at least in terms of their acquisition of the phonetic aspects of the language .
age effects were discovered by oyama ( 1976 ) in studying italian learners of english , at least in terms of their [acquiring] of the phonetic aspects of the language .

Like Oyama , they found little difference in the acquisition of the phonetic systems of Dutch .
like oyama , they found little difference in the [acquiring] of the phonetic systems of dutch .

Fathman ( 1975 ) also uses speed of learning as the explanatory variable for younger people learning more effectively , but she points out that the order of acquisition in second language learning does not change with age .
fathman ( 1975 ) also uses speed of learning as the explanatory variable for younger people learning more effectively , but she points out that the order of [acquiring] in second language learning does not change with age .

We can see that age of acquisition may be taken as a predictive factor for current sign language training but that it is not a pure , uncontaminated variable .
we can see that age of [acquiring] may be taken as a predictive factor for current sign language training but that it is not a pure , uncontaminated variable .

Experience tends to improve performance but has a lessening effect as the age of acquisition increases .
experience tends to improve performance but has a lessening effect as the age of [acquiring] increases .

Nevertheless , when combined analysis is carried out it is age of acquisition which has the larger effect than any of the cognitive variables .
nevertheless , when combined analysis is carried out it is age of [acquiring] which has the larger effect than any of the cognitive variables .

The acquisition — learning distinction This point concerns the difference between language acquisition ( the process whereby children learn their first language , which is usually subconscious and constitutes ‘ picking-up ’ the language naturally ) and language learning ( conscious knowledge of the rules of the language ) .
the [acquiring] — learning distinction this point concerns the difference between language [acquiring] ( the process whereby children learn their first language , which is usually subconscious and constitutes ‘ picking-up ’ the language naturally ) and language learning ( conscious knowledge of the rules of the language ) .

An earlier view of second language knowledge was that only children could acquire while adults learned , but Krashen maintains that adults do not lose their language acquisition device and make considerable use of natural learning of the second language .
an earlier view of second language knowledge was that only children could acquire while adults learned , but krashen maintains that adults do not lose their language [acquiring] device and make considerable use of natural learning of the second language .

Natural order in acquisition This hypothesis states that the discovered natural order of development of first language competence also applies to second language learning .
natural order in [acquiring] this hypothesis states that the discovered natural order of development of first language competence also applies to second language learning .

One would expect this to occur in natural acquisition situations , such that adults ' and children 's interaction with others can be compared .
one would expect this to occur in natural [acquiring] situations , such that adults ' and children 's interaction with others can be compared .

The monitor hypothesis This is a development of the first hypothesis and suggests that acquisition processes create the utterances in a second language ( producing fluency ) , but learning monitors this production .
the monitor hypothesis this is a development of the first hypothesis and suggests that [acquiring] processes create the utterances in a second language ( producing fluency ) , but learning monitors this production .

Krashen presents a range of evidence supporting this hypothesis from first and second language acquisition work .
krashen presents a range of evidence supporting this hypothesis from first and second language [acquiring] work .

In addition , second language acquisition is characterised by a ‘ silent period ’ where little production is offered by the acquirer despite the obvious development of comprehension .
in addition , second language [acquiring] is characterised by a ‘ silent period ’ where little production is offered by the acquirer despite the obvious development of comprehension .

The existence of this silent period is to be expected in virtually all natural acquisition settings , but in a formal classroom setting the individual may not be allowed to have a silent period .
the existence of this silent period is to be expected in virtually all natural [acquiring] settings , but in a formal classroom setting the individual may not be allowed to have a silent period .

Those whose attitudes are negative and who consequently will have a powerful filter , even when they understand a message in the second language , will not allow it to reach that part of the brain responsible for language acquisition .
those whose attitudes are negative and who consequently will have a powerful filter , even when they understand a message in the second language , will not allow it to reach that part of the brain responsible for language [acquiring] .

In Krashen 's terms , the filter exists outside the acquisition process so that even those with a great deal of contact with users and a considerable amount of comprehensible input may never reach competence or fluency .
in krashen 's terms , the filter exists outside the [acquiring] process so that even those with a great deal of contact with users and a considerable amount of comprehensible input may never reach competence or fluency .

The language choices of deaf children may be limited ( Conrad , 1980 ) and this limitation may make the acquisition of spoken language extremely difficult .
the language choices of deaf children may be limited ( conrad , 1980 ) and this limitation may make the [acquiring] of spoken language extremely difficult .

It is only where there are additional or multiple handicaps that signing or fingerspelling should be considered , because in these cases there is an identifiable ‘ syndrome ’ preventing language acquisition .
it is only where there are additional or multiple handicaps that signing or fingerspelling should be considered , because in these cases there is an identifiable ‘ syndrome ’ preventing language [acquiring] .

It arises from a series of acts of faith : speech is natural , language acquisition occurs naturally through audition ; the oral approach incorporates this natural approach ; children who do not acquire language in this way are therefore deviant , and thus defective .
it arises from a series of acts of faith : speech is natural , language [acquiring] occurs naturally through audition ; the oral approach incorporates this natural approach ; children who do not acquire language in this way are therefore deviant , and thus defective .

However , Goodman 's ( 1967 ) view of reading , from which this is derived , is limited in its understanding of reading acquisition and , overall , the theory can be simplified to a basic strategy of ‘ making sense of the task ’ rather than being a direct help to reading progress .
however , goodman 's ( 1967 ) view of reading , from which this is derived , is limited in its understanding of reading [acquiring] and , overall , the theory can be simplified to a basic strategy of ‘ making sense of the task ’ rather than being a direct help to reading progress .

The ‘ natural ’ approach to English acquisition draws inspiration from Chomskyan theories that the child develops his own language form through his ‘ language acquisition device ’ .
the ‘ natural ’ approach to english [acquiring] draws inspiration from chomskyan theories that the child develops his own language form through his ‘ language [acquiring] device ’ .

It is discourse which propels language acquisition , and it is the shared meaning in interaction which is of critical importance .
it is discourse which propels language [acquiring] , and it is the shared meaning in interaction which is of critical importance .

Criticisms of the view of auditory deprivation ( Bench , 1979 ) and of bilingualism ( Arnold , 1982 ) tend to miss the point that language acquisition occurs through interaction .
criticisms of the view of auditory deprivation ( bench , 1979 ) and of bilingualism ( arnold , 1982 ) tend to miss the point that language [acquiring] occurs through interaction .

This has been the practice in many countries internationally , but our sudden realisation of its effectiveness in creating bilingualism has made it the major discovery in language acquisition .
this has been the practice in many countries internationally , but our sudden realisation of its effectiveness in creating bilingualism has made it the major discovery in language [acquiring] .

In addition to the separate criteria related to men and mechanisms there are others to do with information acquisition , storage and presentation focussing on the interface design which has its own design criteria .
in addition to the separate criteria related to men and mechanisms there are others to do with information [acquiring] , storage and presentation focussing on the interface design which has its own design criteria .

It aids clarity to reserve the term analysis to mean the acquisition of evidence and description to mean the presentation of the evidence .
it aids clarity to reserve the term analysis to mean the [acquiring] of evidence and description to mean the presentation of the evidence .

The acquisition of evidence and the presentation of evidence are linked , of course , in that it may be necessary to decide what should be presented before it is acquired although more usually it is a matter of presenting what can be acquired .
the [acquiring] of evidence and the presentation of evidence are linked , of course , in that it may be necessary to decide what should be presented before it is acquired although more usually it is a matter of presenting what can be acquired .

Acquisition of skills
[acquiring] of skills

These begin from an appreciation of the complementary nature of data arriving through the different sensory channels and expand by the acquisition of concepts such as the continuity of the physical world , e.g .
these begin from an appreciation of the complementary nature of data arriving through the different sensory channels and expand by the [acquiring] of concepts such as the continuity of the physical world , e.g .

It will be noted that errors are the basis of further skill acquisition .
it will be noted that errors are the basis of further skill [acquiring] .

Facilitating the acquisition of skill is a matter of providing situations where the skill can be practised with adequate , sometimes enhanced , feedback so that there can be learning from mistakes .
facilitating the [acquiring] of skill is a matter of providing situations where the skill can be practised with adequate , sometimes enhanced , feedback so that there can be learning from mistakes .

The acquisition of skills is governed by the current needs of particular societies and by the adaptation of individuals within the societies in which they happen to find themselves .
the [acquiring] of skills is governed by the current needs of particular societies and by the adaptation of individuals within the societies in which they happen to find themselves .

Gagne also separated four phases of a learning sequence ; apprehension , acquisition , storage and retrieval .
gagne also separated four phases of a learning sequence ; apprehension , [acquiring] , storage and retrieval .

Acquisition is not easy to separate from either apprehension on one side or storage on the other , but it implies that learning has taken place in that something new can now be done if appropriate .
[acquiring] is not easy to separate from either apprehension on one side or storage on the other , but it implies that learning has taken place in that something new can now be done if appropriate .

Correspondingly acquisition is different from storage in that the latter implies a formal recording possibly in short-term or possibly in long-term memory .
correspondingly [acquiring] is different from storage in that the latter implies a formal recording possibly in short-term or possibly in long-term memory .

It requires a broader approach than task analysis in that it often involves tracing the acquisition of the skill starting from the kind of persons who undertake training ( the selection criteria ) through the training procedures to the end product ( the training success criteria ) .
it requires a broader approach than task analysis in that it often involves tracing the [acquiring] of the skill starting from the kind of persons who undertake training ( the selection criteria ) through the training procedures to the end product ( the training success criteria ) .

For adolescents the acquisition of a clear ego-identity is the crucial task .
for adolescents the [acquiring] of a clear ego-identity is the crucial task .

It was , however , possible to obtain either partial or total remission of one 's time in purgatory through the acquisition of indulgences .
it was , however , possible to obtain either partial or total remission of one 's time in purgatory through the [acquiring] of indulgences .

Also many teachers of English succumbed to a kind of vitalism , a muddled belief that children 's acquisition of language skills depends not on craft and knowledge , but upon a living , spontaneous response to their reading and to their own experiences .
also many teachers of english succumbed to a kind of vitalism , a muddled belief that children 's [acquiring] of language skills depends not on craft and knowledge , but upon a living , spontaneous response to their reading and to their own experiences .

acquisition ; variation .
[acquiring] ; variation .

Despite its pending acquisition and whatever that holds in store , Unix System Labs says its agreement with Novell Inc means keeping its current business plan intact .
despite its pending [acquiring] and whatever that holds in store , unix system labs says its agreement with novell inc means keeping its current business plan intact .

When rights of conquest or hereditary rights had placed two or more territories under a medieval ruler , he was quite accustomed to finding that they were ruled under different constitutions and he would not think of trying to impose a uniform system of government on them ; Queen Elizabeth had rights and duties in England that were rather different from the rights and duties she had in the Channel Islands , which were all that was left of William the Conqueror 's Norman territories , and it was perfectly natural for each new English acquisition overseas to be won on terms that differed from what had happened previously .
when rights of conquest or hereditary rights had placed two or more territories under a medieval ruler , he was quite accustomed to finding that they were ruled under different constitutions and he would not think of trying to impose a uniform system of government on them ; queen elizabeth had rights and duties in england that were rather different from the rights and duties she had in the channel islands , which were all that was left of william the conqueror 's norman territories , and it was perfectly natural for each new english [acquiring] overseas to be won on terms that differed from what had happened previously .

Novell is so rich that the Unix acquisition is relatively small potatoes .
novell is so rich that the unix [acquiring] is relatively small potatoes .

The 50 ton capacity Craven Steam Crane was restored to working order following acquisition from British Rail , and it has already proved its worth in moving signals , and a footbridge on the line , and to re-rail a locomotive .
the 50 ton capacity craven steam crane was restored to working order following [acquiring] from british rail , and it has already proved its worth in moving signals , and a footbridge on the line , and to re-rail a locomotive .

Previous experience of state-of-the-art digital & analogue design of board for data acquisition systems is desirable .
previous experience of state-of-the-art digital & analogue design of board for data [acquiring] systems is desirable .

For a woman , her most important acquisition of wizardry are her ‘ beads of menstruation ’ .
for a woman , her most important [acquiring] of wizardry are her ‘ beads of menstruation ’ .

It meant the acquisition of knowledge , to be sure ; but it also meant the envelopment and direction of the Orient by Spanish adelantados , for the greater glory and expansion of the vast empire of Spain .
it meant the [acquiring] of knowledge , to be sure ; but it also meant the envelopment and direction of the orient by spanish adelantados , for the greater glory and expansion of the vast empire of spain .

( iii ) The Acquisition and Maintenance of Dominant Positions
( iii ) the [acquiring] and maintenance of dominant positions

the acquisition and maintenance of dominant positions .
the [acquiring] and maintenance of dominant positions .

This fact is crucial to the thrust of Payne 's analysis of dialect acquisition patterns by out-of-state children ( Payne 1980 : 165 ; see also 2.4 ) .
this fact is crucial to the thrust of payne 's analysis of dialect [acquiring] patterns by out-of-state children ( payne 1980 : 165 ; see also 2.4 ) .

Also in typical nemo dat quod non habet fashion , the rights of the holder of the bill were connected with his acquisition of title to the goods .
also in typical nemo dat quod non habet fashion , the rights of the holder of the bill were connected with his [acquiring] of title to the goods .

Similarly , buyers of goods susceptible to being sold without a right to do so also need notice to determine the advisability , as well as the validity of acquisition .
similarly , buyers of goods susceptible to being sold without a right to do so also need notice to determine the advisability , as well as the validity of [acquiring] .

The rights incorporated into the private key , then , depend not only on the lawful acquisition of the private key but also upon the text of the carrier 's valid receipt message .
the rights incorporated into the private key , then , depend not only on the lawful [acquiring] of the private key but also upon the text of the carrier 's valid receipt message .

Throughout the history of documents of title , possession provided reliable public notice of legitimacy of acquisition .
throughout the history of documents of title , possession provided reliable public notice of legitimacy of [acquiring] .

These are very large powers , every bit as large as powers of compulsory acquisition of property ; and , in my judgment , the court should seek to ensure that , just as in the case of compulsory purchase powers , the conditions for the exercise of the powers conferred by the 1975 Act are strictly observed .
these are very large powers , every bit as large as powers of compulsory [acquiring] of property ; and , in my judgment , the court should seek to ensure that , just as in the case of compulsory purchase powers , the conditions for the exercise of the powers conferred by the 1975 act are strictly observed .

a new consciousness ( that ) is arising out of a morass of a declining society that has bent too far towards rationalism , towards technology , and toward the acquisition of power through unbridled competition .
a new consciousness ( that ) is arising out of a morass of a declining society that has bent too far towards rationalism , towards technology , and toward the [acquiring] of power through unbridled competition .

Later generations of women have been catching up with their male contemporaries as far as the acquisition of paper qualifications is concerned .
later generations of women have been catching up with their male contemporaries as far as the [acquiring] of paper qualifications is concerned .

An area of corporate discretion traditionally less constrained by bargaining relates to the nature of the work experience : whether , for instance , employees are allowed to participate in decision-making at appropriate levels in the organisation ; whether attempts are made to enrich otherwise boring jobs by rotation of tasks ; or whether the introduction of new technology leads to de-skilling or instead prompts investment in the acquisition of new competencies .
an area of corporate discretion traditionally less constrained by bargaining relates to the nature of the work experience : whether , for instance , employees are allowed to participate in decision-making at appropriate levels in the organisation ; whether attempts are made to enrich otherwise boring jobs by rotation of tasks ; or whether the introduction of new technology leads to de-skilling or instead prompts investment in the [acquiring] of new competencies .

In the nineteenth century incorporation of utility and railway companies was also generally accompanied by other inducements and special powers deemed necessary for the success of the undertaking , such as rights of compulsory acquisition of land .
in the nineteenth century incorporation of utility and railway companies was also generally accompanied by other inducements and special powers deemed necessary for the success of the undertaking , such as rights of compulsory [acquiring] of land .

It may thus be of value in controlling outlays for ‘ socially responsible ’ purposes , or , conceivably , on a limited range projects motivated by management self-interest , for example , the acquisition of an over-lavish corporate headquarters .
it may thus be of value in controlling outlays for ‘ socially responsible ’ purposes , or , conceivably , on a limited range projects motivated by management self-interest , for example , the [acquiring] of an over-lavish corporate headquarters .

Thus , if it is believed that the government is in fact the state , it may also be believed that the assumption of governmental power is equivalent to the acquisition of state power .
thus , if it is believed that the government is in fact the state , it may also be believed that the assumption of governmental power is equivalent to the [acquiring] of state power .

The Acquisition of Land ( Assessment of Compensation ) Act 1919 provided by s. 2 for the assessment of compensation in respect of land acquired compulsorily for public purposes according to certain rules .
the [acquiring] of land ( assessment of compensation ) act 1919 provided by s. 2 for the assessment of compensation in respect of land acquired compulsorily for public purposes according to certain rules .

In all the music colleges , particular stress is placed upon the acquisition of high standards of general musicianship .
in all the music colleges , particular stress is placed upon the [acquiring] of high standards of general musicianship .

Fay 's other principal assumption is the same as Debbie 's : that learning is about the acquisition of a body of knowledge .
fay 's other principal assumption is the same as debbie 's : that learning is about the [acquiring] of a body of knowledge .

The perceptions that most science students had of the arts , then , are grounded within a discourse which regards education as primarily functional , believes learning to be concerned with the acquisition of knowledge , and views the relationship between different types of knowledge as hierarchical .
the perceptions that most science students had of the arts , then , are grounded within a discourse which regards education as primarily functional , believes learning to be concerned with the [acquiring] of knowledge , and views the relationship between different types of knowledge as hierarchical .

Amongst physicists , there was a belief that physics was essentially about understanding , while other science subjects such as chemistry were about the rote acquisition of ‘ facts ’ .
amongst physicists , there was a belief that physics was essentially about understanding , while other science subjects such as chemistry were about the rote [acquiring] of ‘ facts ’ .

In the post-war period the acquisition of O-level certificates became similarly crucial in gaining a foothold onto a career in the growing service sector .
in the post-war period the [acquiring] of o-level certificates became similarly crucial in gaining a foothold onto a career in the growing service sector .

The same kind of criticism is sometimes levelled at newer , vocationally orientated courses in higher education ( such as secretarial studies , catering or nursing ) which are perceived , however inaccurately , as being largely a matter of skill acquisition .
the same kind of criticism is sometimes levelled at newer , vocationally orientated courses in higher education ( such as secretarial studies , catering or nursing ) which are perceived , however inaccurately , as being largely a matter of skill [acquiring] .

Management introduced a computer-aided system for materials acquisition and production control .
management introduced a computer-aided system for materials [acquiring] and production control .

‘ As a result , technologies not only diffuse rapidly and help to rejuvenate mature sectors but large enterprises can quickly penetrate emerging areas either through invention , successful imitation , or knowledge acquisition ’ ( Kenney and Florida 1988 : 140 ) .
‘ as a result , technologies not only diffuse rapidly and help to rejuvenate mature sectors but large enterprises can quickly penetrate emerging areas either through invention , successful imitation , or knowledge [acquiring] ’ ( kenney and florida 1988 : 140 ) .

The decision to embark upon a hotel or catering enterprise and the form that business will take are closely linked with the acquisition of suitable premises .
the decision to embark upon a hotel or catering enterprise and the form that business will take are closely linked with the [acquiring] of suitable premises .

The acquisition of premises and their conversion to a specific use may on occasions raise complex legal issues ; the acquisition of an establishment as a going concern may involve different , though equally perplexing , points .
the [acquiring] of premises and their conversion to a specific use may on occasions raise complex legal issues ; the [acquiring] of an establishment as a going concern may involve different , though equally perplexing , points .

The points set out below are not intended to be a full explanation of the intricacies of the acquisition of premises and their use as a catering enterprise ; they are designed to illustrate some of the legal issues involved .
the points set out below are not intended to be a full explanation of the intricacies of the [acquiring] of premises and their use as a catering enterprise ; they are designed to illustrate some of the legal issues involved .

Since the acquisition of premises ( other than where the entrepreneur purchases the premises as a going concern and merely takes over an existing catering enterprise ) normally involves at least a change of use and often the development of the premises , planning permission is required .
since the [acquiring] of premises ( other than where the entrepreneur purchases the premises as a going concern and merely takes over an existing catering enterprise ) normally involves at least a change of use and often the development of the premises , planning permission is required .

Piaget , however , asserts in the introduction to his work that ‘ We shall rather show that the acquisition of language is itself subordinated to the workings of a symbolic function which can be seen in the development of imitation and play as well as in that of verbal mechanisms ’ ( 1962 : 1–2 ; see Vygotsky 1978 for a contrary view ) .
piaget , however , asserts in the introduction to his work that ‘ we shall rather show that the [acquiring] of language is itself subordinated to the workings of a symbolic function which can be seen in the development of imitation and play as well as in that of verbal mechanisms ’ ( 1962 : 1–2 ; see vygotsky 1978 for a contrary view ) .

This feature of child development has echoes also in social development , where there is an analogy with the role of objects in social reproduction before the acquisition of writing skills ; at this stage objects as authentic objectifications of the ancestors were , along with oral tradition , the major means of ensuring the continuity of social reproduction ( Weiner 1985 ) .
this feature of child development has echoes also in social development , where there is an analogy with the role of objects in social reproduction before the [acquiring] of writing skills ; at this stage objects as authentic objectifications of the ancestors were , along with oral tradition , the major means of ensuring the continuity of social reproduction ( weiner 1985 ) .

It forms part of the process of socializing juniors into the firm and its culture ; one aspect of such socialization , which transforms the juniors from outsiders to insiders , is the acquisition of appropriate perspectives on local knowledge .
it forms part of the process of socializing juniors into the firm and its culture ; one aspect of such socialization , which transforms the juniors from outsiders to insiders , is the [acquiring] of appropriate perspectives on local knowledge .

The subtle acquisition of a sense of the agency norms — ‘ the normal working standards ’ — is suggested in the following description of how an officer learned the rules about when to take ‘ a stat ’ :
the subtle [acquiring] of a sense of the agency norms — ‘ the normal working standards ’ — is suggested in the following description of how an officer learned the rules about when to take ‘ a stat ’ :

But the plains , savannahs , rivers and hills , all the way from Samburu down to the Masai Steppe , proved fruitful and the Masai built up their strength through the acquisition of women and cattle so successfully that they chased out the other tribes who were obliged to cling to the mountains or secrete themselves in the forests , land useless for cattle .
but the plains , savannahs , rivers and hills , all the way from samburu down to the masai steppe , proved fruitful and the masai built up their strength through the [acquiring] of women and cattle so successfully that they chased out the other tribes who were obliged to cling to the mountains or secrete themselves in the forests , land useless for cattle .

In the seventy-seven subsequent years that divide the publication of Sketches by Boz and the accession of Queen Victoria from the outbreak of the First World War , fictional houses are seen rather than sensed , until the burden of acquisition , despite attempts to redeem it , becomes a tyranny which ultimately destroys the Victorian notion of ‘ home ’ .
in the seventy-seven subsequent years that divide the publication of sketches by boz and the accession of queen victoria from the outbreak of the first world war , fictional houses are seen rather than sensed , until the burden of [acquiring] , despite attempts to redeem it , becomes a tyranny which ultimately destroys the victorian notion of ‘ home ’ .

In this he pointed out that whilst the objectives model might be appropriate to those parts of education concerned with skills training and instruction ( acquisition of information ) , it was of no help in the area of understanding ( induction into thought systems ) .
in this he pointed out that whilst the objectives model might be appropriate to those parts of education concerned with skills training and instruction ( [acquiring] of information ) , it was of no help in the area of understanding ( induction into thought systems ) .

These were intended to cover areas such as language use and the acquisition of study skills .
these were intended to cover areas such as language use and the [acquiring] of study skills .

Prejudice acquisition is ascribed to a process of acculturation or socialization from family , peer groups , school curricula , the media , and so on ( Lynch , 1987 ) .
prejudice [acquiring] is ascribed to a process of acculturation or socialization from family , peer groups , school curricula , the media , and so on ( lynch , 1987 ) .

The acquisition of a visa was clearly a matter of guile .
the [acquiring] of a visa was clearly a matter of guile .

Paragraph 21 exposes a gap , pointing out that an innocent acquisition followed by a dishonest decision to keep or dispose of the property was in general not larceny and that larceny by finding was committed only where at the time of the finding the finder believed that the owner could be discovered by taking reasonable steps .
paragraph 21 exposes a gap , pointing out that an innocent [acquiring] followed by a dishonest decision to keep or dispose of the property was in general not larceny and that larceny by finding was committed only where at the time of the finding the finder believed that the owner could be discovered by taking reasonable steps .

The offence will also cover cases of dishonest retention or disposal after an innocent acquisition such as are mentioned in paragraphs 21–25 .
the offence will also cover cases of dishonest retention or disposal after an innocent [acquiring] such as are mentioned in paragraphs 21–25 .

The main increase in fixed assets during the year was due to the investment in machinery in the sportwear and leisure equipment section and the acquisition of Model Layout Ltd and Model Manufacturing Ltd .
the main increase in fixed assets during the year was due to the investment in machinery in the sportwear and leisure equipment section and the [acquiring] of model layout ltd and model manufacturing ltd .

Show the effects of acquisition or disposal of subsidiary undertakings , and how funded , differentiating between consideration satisfied in cash and by issue of shares .
show the effects of [acquiring] or disposal of subsidiary undertakings , and how funded , differentiating between consideration satisfied in cash and by issue of shares .

Acquisition accounting should be used for all acquisitions and merger accounting may be used for mergers .
[acquiring] accounting should be used for all acquisitions and merger accounting may be used for mergers .

State the accounting treatment adopted for business combinations ( whether acquisition or merger ) .
state the accounting treatment adopted for business combinations ( whether [acquiring] or merger ) .

Acquisition accounting and goodwill on consolidation
[acquiring] accounting and goodwill on consolidation

Acquisitions are accounted for by the acquisition method of accounting .
acquisitions are accounted for by the [acquiring] method of accounting .

Under acquisition accounting , the results of subsidiary undertakings are included from the date of acquisition .
under [acquiring] accounting , the results of subsidiary undertakings are included from the date of [acquiring] .

The investment in associated undertakings included in the consolidated balance sheet is based on the group 's share of the net assets of associated undertakings , together with any premium or discount arising on acquisition , less amounts written off .
the investment in associated undertakings included in the consolidated balance sheet is based on the group 's share of the net assets of associated undertakings , together with any premium or discount arising on [acquiring] , less amounts written off .

For a significant acquisition disclose :
for a significant [acquiring] disclose :

profit or loss of the undertaking acquired for the period from the beginning of the financial year up to the date of the acquisition and for the previous financial year .
profit or loss of the undertaking acquired for the period from the beginning of the financial year up to the date of the [acquiring] and for the previous financial year .

Prior to acquisition , Model Layout Ltd reported a profit of £110,000 for the period 1st April 1990 to 30th September 1990 and a profit of £209,000 for the financial year ended 31st March 1990 .
prior to [acquiring] , model layout ltd reported a profit of £110,000 for the period 1st april 1990 to 30th september 1990 and a profit of £209,000 for the financial year ended 31st march 1990 .

The amount of goodwill recognised on acquisitions during the year should be shown separately for each acquisition where material .
the amount of goodwill recognised on acquisitions during the year should be shown separately for each [acquiring] where material .

The goodwill was fully written off in the year of acquisition and has been excluded from the calculation of profit on disposal ( see note 28 ) .
the goodwill was fully written off in the year of [acquiring] and has been excluded from the calculation of profit on disposal ( see note 28 ) .

the investing group 's share of net assets , other than goodwill , of the associated companies , stated , where possible , after attributing fair values to the assets at the time of acquisition of the interest in the associated companies
the investing group 's share of net assets , other than goodwill , of the associated companies , stated , where possible , after attributing fair values to the assets at the time of [acquiring] of the interest in the associated companies

the premium or discount paid on acquisition insofar as it has not been written off .
the premium or discount paid on [acquiring] insofar as it has not been written off .

There was no premium on acquisition relating to the associated undertakings .
there was no premium on [acquiring] relating to the associated undertakings .

( a ) £3,520.000 of 12% debenture stock 1999 , secured by a fixed charge on the group 's properties , was issued on 1st October 1990 at par to finance the acquisition of Model Layout Ltd and the refitting of the group 's offices and factory in Coventry .
( a ) £3,520.000 of 12% debenture stock 1999 , secured by a fixed charge on the group 's properties , was issued on 1st october 1990 at par to finance the [acquiring] of model layout ltd and the refitting of the group 's offices and factory in coventry .

As a result of the acquisition of Model Manufacturing Ltd , the company issued , credited as fully paid , 1,320,000 ordinary shares of 25p each and acquired 660,000 ordinary shares of 50p each in Model Manufacturing Ltd .
as a result of the [acquiring] of model manufacturing ltd , the company issued , credited as fully paid , 1,320,000 ordinary shares of 25p each and acquired 660,000 ordinary shares of 50p each in model manufacturing ltd .

Acquisition of subsidiary undertaking
[acquiring] of subsidiary undertaking

whether the acquisition has been accounted for by the acquisition or merger method of accounting .
whether the [acquiring] has been accounted for by the [acquiring] or merger method of accounting .

For a significant acquisition disclose the following information :
for a significant [acquiring] disclose the following information :

where the acquisition method of accounting has been adopted , provide a table showing the book values immediately prior to the acquisition , and the fair values at the date of acquisition , of each class of asset and liability of the undertaking acquired .
where the [acquiring] method of accounting has been adopted , provide a table showing the book values immediately prior to the [acquiring] , and the fair values at the date of [acquiring] , of each class of asset and liability of the undertaking acquired .

Include a statement of the amount of any goodwill arising on the acquisition , together with an explanation of any significant adjustments made
include a statement of the amount of any goodwill arising on the [acquiring] , together with an explanation of any significant adjustments made

Disclose the effects of acquisition or disposal of subsidiary undertakings and how funded , differentiating between consideration satisfied in cash and by the issue of shares .
disclose the effects of [acquiring] or disposal of subsidiary undertakings and how funded , differentiating between consideration satisfied in cash and by the issue of shares .

26 Acquisition of Model Layout Ltd
26 [acquiring] of model layout ltd

In calculating the goodwill arising on acquisition , the fair value of net assets of Model Layout have been assessed and adjustments from book value have been made where necessary .
in calculating the goodwill arising on [acquiring] , the fair value of net assets of model layout have been assessed and adjustments from book value have been made where necessary .

27 Acquisition of Model Manufacturing Ltd
27 [acquiring] of model manufacturing ltd

On 28th August 1990 the group acquired Model Manufacturing Ltd and accounted for the acquisition by the merger method of accounting .
on 28th august 1990 the group acquired model manufacturing ltd and accounted for the [acquiring] by the merger method of accounting .

The effects of the acquisition are not given since it is treated as always having been a member of the group .
the effects of the [acquiring] are not given since it is treated as always having been a member of the group .

Words with an early age of acquisition tend to be highly concrete ( imageable ) while words acquired at a later age tend to be abstract .
words with an early age of [acquiring] tend to be highly concrete ( imageable ) while words acquired at a later age tend to be abstract .

Ellis and Shepherd ( 1974 ) first drew attention to this but a number of experiments by Young and his colleagues have failed to show any influence of age of acquisition of words on dichotic listening ( Young and Ellis , 1980 ) or tachistoscopic hemifield asymmetry ( Ellis and Young , 1977 ; Young and Bion , 1980b ) even when it is the age at which words are first read rather than heard that is under investigation ( Young , Bion and Ellis , 1982 ) .
ellis and shepherd ( 1974 ) first drew attention to this but a number of experiments by young and his colleagues have failed to show any influence of age of [acquiring] of words on dichotic listening ( young and ellis , 1980 ) or tachistoscopic hemifield asymmetry ( ellis and young , 1977 ; young and bion , 1980b ) even when it is the age at which words are first read rather than heard that is under investigation ( young , bion and ellis , 1982 ) .

However , in all these experiments only high imagery words varying in age of acquisition were used , which does not allow for the possibility that there is an interaction between visual field , imagery and age of acquisition .
however , in all these experiments only high imagery words varying in age of [acquiring] were used , which does not allow for the possibility that there is an interaction between visual field , imagery and age of [acquiring] .

Sometimes , after acquisition of a television set in Coronation year , they would all watch television together .
sometimes , after [acquiring] of a television set in coronation year , they would all watch television together .

Charles Saatchi once said : ‘ The reason most companies make an acquisition is to cover up the dreadful mistakes of the last acquisition .
charles saatchi once said : ‘ the reason most companies make an [acquiring] is to cover up the dreadful mistakes of the last [acquiring] .

This and every other manor acquisition Le Roux made was to go wrong , quickly , nastily , and , in the last case , quite spectacularly .
this and every other manor [acquiring] le roux made was to go wrong , quickly , nastily , and , in the last case , quite spectacularly .

While class forms one possible basis for group formation , collective action and the acquisition of political power , Weber argues that there are other bases for these activities .
while class forms one possible basis for group formation , collective action and the [acquiring] of political power , weber argues that there are other bases for these activities .

In Weber 's words parties are concerned with ‘ the acquisition of social ‘ power ’ ' .
in weber 's words parties are concerned with ‘ the [acquiring] of social ‘ power ’ ' .

One dispute concerned the acquisition by the petitioner from the respondents of the shares of a company called Clearwater Partners Ltd .
one dispute concerned the [acquiring] by the petitioner from the respondents of the shares of a company called clearwater partners ltd .

( ‘ Clearwater ’ ) ; at the time of the acquisition the first two respondents were directors of the petitioner .
( ‘ clearwater ’ ) ; at the time of the [acquiring] the first two respondents were directors of the petitioner .

The account presupposes the very concept , redness , the acquisition of which it is meant to explain .
the account presupposes the very concept , redness , the [acquiring] of which it is meant to explain .

In view of these constraints , it may be necessary to consider housing acquisition from the perspective of deprivation rather than choice .
in view of these constraints , it may be necessary to consider housing [acquiring] from the perspective of deprivation rather than choice .

Housing associations attempt to provide housing at fair rents either for community needs or for special groups such as retired rural workers , the elderly or the handicapped , both through building and through acquisition of existing properties ( Clark 1981 ) .
housing associations attempt to provide housing at fair rents either for community needs or for special groups such as retired rural workers , the elderly or the handicapped , both through building and through [acquiring] of existing properties ( clark 1981 ) .

Communication here is a means to an end ( the acquisition of a true belief ) , not an end in itself .
communication here is a means to an end ( the [acquiring] of a true belief ) , not an end in itself .

Despite the enterprise and labour put into its acquisition it has been estimated that all the gold won between the mid-fifteenth and mid-twentieth centuries could be contained in a cube of fifteen yards .
despite the enterprise and labour put into its [acquiring] it has been estimated that all the gold won between the mid-fifteenth and mid-twentieth centuries could be contained in a cube of fifteen yards .

So your research for this sort of book should be wider than the mere acquisition of facts about bustle skirts or togas or doublet and hose .
so your research for this sort of book should be wider than the mere [acquiring] of facts about bustle skirts or togas or doublet and hose .

Voluntary organizations benefit by royal sponsorship and by the acquisition of prestigious figures as vice-presidents and supporters .
voluntary organizations benefit by royal sponsorship and by the [acquiring] of prestigious figures as vice-presidents and supporters .

Bookpoint is putting increased emphasis on marketing , and expects to increase its client base further from 80 publishers at the time of acquisition and over 100 at the year end .
bookpoint is putting increased emphasis on marketing , and expects to increase its client base further from 80 publishers at the time of [acquiring] and over 100 at the year end .

Helicon Publishing has promoted Anne-Lucie Norton to acquisition director .
helicon publishing has promoted anne-lucie norton to [acquiring] director .

The titles of the lectures included : Dr. Crawford on " The four stages of man 's existence considered in relation to Health and disease " and later on " Physiology ; " Mr Hector McLean on " Taste , " " Highland Poetry & Romance " and " The Study of Geology ; " Mr Chisholm on " Social Reform ; " Mr Lerach on " Burns ; " Mr Dewar on " Electricity ; " Mr Coath on " The Acquisition of Knowledge , " " The Study of Political & Constitutional History and its bearing on Christianity " and " Mental Philosophy ; " Rev. Hugh Monroe on " The Connection of Revelation with Geology " and " Our English Bible ; " Rev. McFadyen on " Rising in Life ; " Dr. Blair on " The Atmosphere " and " Health " where he condemned the Port Ellen water supply ; Colin Hay on " Agriculture & Commerce " and " Instinct & Reason . "
the titles of the lectures included : dr. crawford on " the four stages of man 's existence considered in relation to health and disease " and later on " physiology ; " mr hector mclean on " taste , " " highland poetry & romance " and " the study of geology ; " mr chisholm on " social reform ; " mr lerach on " burns ; " mr dewar on " electricity ; " mr coath on " the [acquiring] of knowledge , " " the study of political & constitutional history and its bearing on christianity " and " mental philosophy ; " rev. hugh monroe on " the connection of revelation with geology " and " our english bible ; " rev. mcfadyen on " rising in life ; " dr. blair on " the atmosphere " and " health " where he condemned the port ellen water supply ; colin hay on " agriculture & commerce " and " instinct & reason . "

The acquisition of language — an incredibly daunting task to one who has never heard it and never will — is therefore of crucial importance to a prelingually deaf child without an education which teaches him language his potential capacity and intelligence are forever wasted and he is destined to lead a primitive life appearing mentally defective to a hearing world .
the [acquiring] of language — an incredibly daunting task to one who has never heard it and never will — is therefore of crucial importance to a prelingually deaf child without an education which teaches him language his potential capacity and intelligence are forever wasted and he is destined to lead a primitive life appearing mentally defective to a hearing world .

If the only attributable cause of his father 's demise was his inadequate mastery of bourgeois culture , the most effective way forward for the son was to aim for total acquisition of the cultural identity that his father manifestly lacked .
if the only attributable cause of his father 's demise was his inadequate mastery of bourgeois culture , the most effective way forward for the son was to aim for total [acquiring] of the cultural identity that his father manifestly lacked .

Encouraged initially by his father in the belief that the acquisition and mastery of the culture dispensed in the state educational system was a necessary prerequisite to self-advancement , and spurred on by the conviction that to avoid his father 's fate he must acquire the one element that his father lacked , Nizan proceeded systematically and relatively uncritically between 1917 and 1924 to immerse himself in bourgeois culture .
encouraged initially by his father in the belief that the [acquiring] and mastery of the culture dispensed in the state educational system was a necessary prerequisite to self-advancement , and spurred on by the conviction that to avoid his father 's fate he must acquire the one element that his father lacked , nizan proceeded systematically and relatively uncritically between 1917 and 1924 to immerse himself in bourgeois culture .

Was it not his father who had resolutely argued a case for the necessary acquisition of bourgeois culture in order to succeed ?
was it not his father who had resolutely argued a case for the necessary [acquiring] of bourgeois culture in order to succeed ?

His acquisition of Tindle 's self-portrait amounted to an admission of Freud 's relevance : from now on Minton 's own portraits , however romantic in feeling , were to be dressed in a realist style .
his [acquiring] of tindle 's self-portrait amounted to an admission of freud 's relevance : from now on minton 's own portraits , however romantic in feeling , were to be dressed in a realist style .

The other source of housing land apart from such acquisition of green field sites on the urban periphery , the development basis of ‘ suburbanization by addition ’ , was through slum clearance .
the other source of housing land apart from such [acquiring] of green field sites on the urban periphery , the development basis of ‘ suburbanization by addition ’ , was through slum clearance .

More significantly , it counterpoised the acquisition of land by the church — ‘ whereby the services which are due from such fees [ i.e .
more significantly , it counterpoised the [acquiring] of land by the church — ‘ whereby the services which are due from such fees [ i.e .

Indeed the teacher who constantly interrupts the students ’ discourse to correct every grammatical mistake not only violates usual turn-taking procedures but may also hinder the students ' acquisition of them .
indeed the teacher who constantly interrupts the students ’ discourse to correct every grammatical mistake not only violates usual turn-taking procedures but may also hinder the students ' [acquiring] of them .

There are important differences between native and foreign language acquisition and in the latter case there are valid arguments for a degree of atomism as an intermediate measure .
there are important differences between native and foreign language [acquiring] and in the latter case there are valid arguments for a degree of atomism as an intermediate measure .

Whatever disadvantage teenagers and adults may have with new languages , they have abilities which infants , for all their daunting ease of acquisition , lack .
whatever disadvantage teenagers and adults may have with new languages , they have abilities which infants , for all their daunting ease of [acquiring] , lack .

We all believe , moreover , that it is the acquisition of written language which has permitted the development within some of these cultures of philosophy , science and literature ( see Goody , 1977 ) .
we all believe , moreover , that it is the [acquiring] of written language which has permitted the development within some of these cultures of philosophy , science and literature ( see goody , 1977 ) .

Thus Goody & Watt ( 1963 ) and Goody ( 1977 ) suggest that analytic thinking followed the acquisition of written language ‘ since it was the setting down of speech that enabled man clearly to separate words , to manipulate their order and to develop syllogistic forms of reasoning ’ ( Goody , 1977 : 11 ) .
thus goody & watt ( 1963 ) and goody ( 1977 ) suggest that analytic thinking followed the [acquiring] of written language ‘ since it was the setting down of speech that enabled man clearly to separate words , to manipulate their order and to develop syllogistic forms of reasoning ’ ( goody , 1977 : 11 ) .

Goody goes on to make even larger claims about the ways in which the acquisition of writing , which permits man to reflect upon what he has thought , has permitted the development of cognitive structures which are not available to the non-literate ( cf .
goody goes on to make even larger claims about the ways in which the [acquiring] of writing , which permits man to reflect upon what he has thought , has permitted the development of cognitive structures which are not available to the non-literate ( cf .

We must assume that the young child 's acquisition of language comes about in the context of expanding experience , of expanding possible interpretations of forms like here and now in different contexts of situation , contexts which come to be recognised , and stored as types .
we must assume that the young child 's [acquiring] of language comes about in the context of expanding experience , of expanding possible interpretations of forms like here and now in different contexts of situation , contexts which come to be recognised , and stored as types .

Another Hamish Hamilton acquisition , this time by Andrew Franklin , is a biography of Jeffrey Archer ( now Lord Archer of Weston-super-Mare ) by political journalist and author Michael Crick .
another hamish hamilton [acquiring] , this time by andrew franklin , is a biography of jeffrey archer ( now lord archer of weston-super-mare ) by political journalist and author michael crick .

The acquisition of the clubs only served to inflame the disagreements between Branson and Nik Powell .
the [acquiring] of the clubs only served to inflame the disagreements between branson and nik powell .

He negotiated the purchase of a plane , and the acquisition of a licence , he flirted with domestic politics , and international diplomacy .
he negotiated the purchase of a plane , and the [acquiring] of a licence , he flirted with domestic politics , and international diplomacy .

They gave an unqualified audit report on the financial statements of Atlantic for the year ended 31 December 1987 ( before the acquisition ) and for the year ended 31 December 1988 ( i.e .
they gave an unqualified audit report on the financial statements of atlantic for the year ended 31 december 1987 ( before the [acquiring] ) and for the year ended 31 december 1988 ( i.e .

in part after the acquisition ) .
in part after the [acquiring] ) .

In the course of the acquisition the appellants produced a working capital report for Atlantic as required by Stock Exchange rules .
in the course of the [acquiring] the appellants produced a working capital report for atlantic as required by stock exchange rules .

‘ Land services ’ means services relating to the acquisition , management , development or disposal of land . ’
‘ land services ’ means services relating to the [acquiring] , management , development or disposal of land . ’

Those transactions were two-fold , namely , the acquisition of the exclusive rights of granting sub-licences together with the relevant films and the grant of those sub-licences together with provision of the film by contracts with individual customers .
those transactions were two-fold , namely , the [acquiring] of the exclusive rights of granting sub-licences together with the relevant films and the grant of those sub-licences together with provision of the film by contracts with individual customers .

The other alternative is major acquisition or merger .
the other alternative is major [acquiring] or merger .

This training , quite different from the acquisition of knowledge , skill and technique which makes up education today , will be directed towards the understanding of one 's self and releasing the unique potential of each person .
this training , quite different from the [acquiring] of knowledge , skill and technique which makes up education today , will be directed towards the understanding of one 's self and releasing the unique potential of each person .

Perhaps his most valuable acquisition , worth than planet 's ransom .
perhaps his most valuable [acquiring] , worth than planet 's ransom .

Firstly , western culture places a high value on material acquisition and its display , because this reflects hard work and thrift .
firstly , western culture places a high value on material [acquiring] and its display , because this reflects hard work and thrift .

They are materialistic and pushy , motivated by acquisition , competition , and getting ahead .
they are materialistic and pushy , motivated by [acquiring] , competition , and getting ahead .

Though the terms of the Barber bequest originally forbad the purchase of works painted after 1899 , this stipulation has since been altered to permit the acquisition of works of art at least thirty years old — an alteration which has made possible the purchase under the present Director , Professor Hamish Miles , of important pictures by Redon , Gwen John , Leger and Magritte .
though the terms of the barber bequest originally forbad the purchase of works painted after 1899 , this stipulation has since been altered to permit the [acquiring] of works of art at least thirty years old — an alteration which has made possible the purchase under the present director , professor hamish miles , of important pictures by redon , gwen john , leger and magritte .

Despite all the theory about schemas , in the absence of a crisis the really critical factor in creating the felt need for change is probably the acquisition of power over the organization 's reward/penalty system .
despite all the theory about schemas , in the absence of a crisis the really critical factor in creating the felt need for change is probably the [acquiring] of power over the organization 's reward/penalty system .

If one is willing to discard the possibility of Picasso having focused his attention on these particular heads in the Louvre — and this is unlikely since they were not shown on the ground floor like the Osuna reliefs , the Dama de Elche and other important Iberian pieces , but in a small room in the basement together with some twenty other heads — his acquisition of them is useful in establishing a chronological sequence for the painting of the different sections of the Demoiselles .
if one is willing to discard the possibility of picasso having focused his attention on these particular heads in the louvre — and this is unlikely since they were not shown on the ground floor like the osuna reliefs , the dama de elche and other important iberian pieces , but in a small room in the basement together with some twenty other heads — his [acquiring] of them is useful in establishing a chronological sequence for the painting of the different sections of the demoiselles .

Throughout his life Picasso always reacted very directly to the stimulus of events in his day-to-day life , and the acquisition of two fragments of antiquity from his native land must undoubtedly have fired his imagination .
throughout his life picasso always reacted very directly to the stimulus of events in his day-to-day life , and the [acquiring] of two fragments of antiquity from his native land must undoubtedly have fired his imagination .

‘ the acquisition , processing , storage and dissemination of vocal , pictorial , textual and numeric information by a microelectronics based combination of computing and telecommunications ’ .
‘ the [acquiring] , processing , storage and dissemination of vocal , pictorial , textual and numeric information by a microelectronics based combination of computing and telecommunications ’ .

Marketing research is fundamentally about the acquisition and analysis of information required for the making of marketing decisions .
marketing research is fundamentally about the [acquiring] and analysis of information required for the making of marketing decisions .

The acquisition of steel knives , guns and patent traps made hunting and everyday life easier for the Inuit , but the price paid in furs for these trade goods represented over-exploitation of a meagre community resource .
the [acquiring] of steel knives , guns and patent traps made hunting and everyday life easier for the inuit , but the price paid in furs for these trade goods represented over-exploitation of a meagre community resource .

Some teachers showed a comprehensive awareness of the balance of different lessons and their place in the curriculum as a whole , as well as a very clear concern with progression , continuity , the acquisition of underlying skills and the achievement of goals .
some teachers showed a comprehensive awareness of the balance of different lessons and their place in the curriculum as a whole , as well as a very clear concern with progression , continuity , the [acquiring] of underlying skills and the achievement of goals .

Some teachers were chiefly concerned to chart the acquisition of underlying skills , but many were satisfied with checklists of tasks completed .
some teachers were chiefly concerned to chart the [acquiring] of underlying skills , but many were satisfied with checklists of tasks completed .

The laird , Macleod , asked Johnson therefore to define ‘ the particular excellence of Burke 's eloquence ’ , and Johnson 's reply summarises not only Burke , but all men of such gifts , and it hymns education and the acquisition of learning : ‘ Copiousness , and fertility of allusion ; a power of diversifying his matter , by placing it in various relations .
the laird , macleod , asked johnson therefore to define ‘ the particular excellence of burke 's eloquence ’ , and johnson 's reply summarises not only burke , but all men of such gifts , and it hymns education and the [acquiring] of learning : ‘ copiousness , and fertility of allusion ; a power of diversifying his matter , by placing it in various relations .

Since the transaction is such a large one , involving the acquisition of land and buildings , there is a strict legal code that has to be followed to ensure a watertight purchase or sale .
since the transaction is such a large one , involving the [acquiring] of land and buildings , there is a strict legal code that has to be followed to ensure a watertight purchase or sale .

Do we modify our credit acquisition policies ?
do we modify our credit [acquiring] policies ?

He pointed out that modifying the credit acquisition policies might have only a minimal effect , since most of the losses were from cases accepted some time ago .
he pointed out that modifying the credit [acquiring] policies might have only a minimal effect , since most of the losses were from cases accepted some time ago .

There will need to be an assessment of which overseas markets offer the most opportunities at the same time as looking for early signs of local companies being eyed by competitors as ripe for merger or acquisition , forecasting what the effects of this might be on the locality .
there will need to be an assessment of which overseas markets offer the most opportunities at the same time as looking for early signs of local companies being eyed by competitors as ripe for merger or [acquiring] , forecasting what the effects of this might be on the locality .

This may take the form of administration ( Maxwell Communication Corporation ) , receivership ( Turiff Corporation ) , capital reconstruction ( Strong & Fisher ) , rescue rights issue ( Budgens ) , acquisition ( Beazer ) or major disposals to repay creditors ( Ferranti ) .
this may take the form of administration ( maxwell communication corporation ) , receivership ( turiff corporation ) , capital reconstruction ( strong & fisher ) , rescue rights issue ( budgens ) , [acquiring] ( beazer ) or major disposals to repay creditors ( ferranti ) .

The new acquisition comprises 1,300 acres , including the northern slopes of Slieve Donard , Thomas 's Mountain , Millstone Mountain , Slieve Commedagh and Shan Slieve .
the new [acquiring] comprises 1,300 acres , including the northern slopes of slieve donard , thomas 's mountain , millstone mountain , slieve commedagh and shan slieve .

The acquisition would not have been possible without the help of the National Heritage Museum Fund and discussions are continuing with the Department of the Environment for Northern Ireland regarding a grant towards endowment costs .
the [acquiring] would not have been possible without the help of the national heritage museum fund and discussions are continuing with the department of the environment for northern ireland regarding a grant towards endowment costs .

Disabled people will have better access to the Upper Derwent Valley in the Peak National Park following the acquisition of a specially designed tandem bicycle .
disabled people will have better access to the upper derwent valley in the peak national park following the [acquiring] of a specially designed tandem bicycle .

The issue should be considered more widely than that , though Ash croft and Love ( 1988 ) showed that acquisition of Scottish firms tended on average to increase sales and have no effect on overall employment .
the issue should be considered more widely than that , though ash croft and love ( 1988 ) showed that [acquiring] of scottish firms tended on average to increase sales and have no effect on overall employment .

Major topics covered in the methods course excluded ( predictably but not necessarily desirably ) second language acquisition ( only two courses included this ) , and — much more worryingly — anything on the history of English teaching ( only three inclusions ) .
major topics covered in the methods course excluded ( predictably but not necessarily desirably ) second language [acquiring] ( only two courses included this ) , and — much more worryingly — anything on the history of english teaching ( only three inclusions ) .

All topics were covered between the two courses , except for ( understandably but regrettably ) Language Acquisition , and Teaching Spoken Language .
all topics were covered between the two courses , except for ( understandably but regrettably ) language [acquiring] , and teaching spoken language .

The acquisition of language .
the [acquiring] of language .

It is therefore increasingly important for their teachers to have a knowledge of theories of language acquisition .
it is therefore increasingly important for their teachers to have a knowledge of theories of language [acquiring] .

It is therefore important that foreign language teachers should know about first language acquisition not only in children in the pre-school period , which is most often introduced to compare with foreign language learning , but also in the learners they are dealing with .
it is therefore important that foreign language teachers should know about first language [acquiring] not only in children in the pre-school period , which is most often introduced to compare with foreign language learning , but also in the learners they are dealing with .

Language Acquisition : — Contrasted theoretical approaches , techniques employed for assembling data ; first evidence of language ; emergence of grammatical patterns ; later stages in grammatical development ; language and meaning ; abnormalities in language acquisition .
language [acquiring] : — contrasted theoretical approaches , techniques employed for assembling data ; first evidence of language ; emergence of grammatical patterns ; later stages in grammatical development ; language and meaning ; abnormalities in language [acquiring] .

Language Development of school-age children : — some study of the early stages of language acquisition should be undertaken ; collection and analysis of data ; social and psychological factors ; language in the educational process ; initial and later literacy .
language development of school-age children : — some study of the early stages of language [acquiring] should be undertaken ; collection and analysis of data ; social and psychological factors ; language in the educational process ; initial and later literacy .

They should understand what is meant by Language Universals , and the reasons why the development of Transformational Grammar has given so powerful an impetus to the study of language acquisition .
they should understand what is meant by language universals , and the reasons why the development of transformational grammar has given so powerful an impetus to the study of language [acquiring] .

His present research , to be completed in 1986 , is an examination of the philosophical bases for various theories of first language acquisition ; it develops the thesis that non- verbal language is crucial for this area of enquiry , although it is ignored by most researchers in the field .
his present research , to be completed in 1986 , is an examination of the philosophical bases for various theories of first language [acquiring] ; it develops the thesis that non- verbal language is crucial for this area of enquiry , although it is ignored by most researchers in the field .

Two sections of the thesis are to be submitted to Mind and Language for publication as separate papers at the end of March and the whole to be published by the Harvester Press as The Philosophy of First Language Acquisition .
two sections of the thesis are to be submitted to mind and language for publication as separate papers at the end of march and the whole to be published by the harvester press as the philosophy of first language [acquiring] .

Term 2 introduces important features of approaches to studying the nature of the child 's acquisition of the mother tongue .
term 2 introduces important features of approaches to studying the nature of the child 's [acquiring] of the mother tongue .

The perceived benefits of large-scale redevelopment were looked at again , costs notwithstanding , bearing in mind compulsory acquisition of housing , industrial and commercial property .
the perceived benefits of large-scale redevelopment were looked at again , costs notwithstanding , bearing in mind compulsory [acquiring] of housing , industrial and commercial property .

But much had to be done before any real progress could be made , and essentially this lay in the problem of land acquisition and assembly .
but much had to be done before any real progress could be made , and essentially this lay in the problem of land [acquiring] and assembly .

In April of the same year it was clear from the interim report of the committee that recommendations would be proposed whereby building development would be controlled throughout the country and that compensation for the public acquisition of land would be set at the standard of 31 March 1939 .
in april of the same year it was clear from the interim report of the committee that recommendations would be proposed whereby building development would be controlled throughout the country and that compensation for the public [acquiring] of land would be set at the standard of 31 march 1939 .

Secondly , in so far as it spoke to a general enlargement of the mind , the student experience was not confined to the acquisition of mere technique .
secondly , in so far as it spoke to a general enlargement of the mind , the student experience was not confined to the [acquiring] of mere technique .

With increasing rapidity , though , as technological and professional education develops , and as bodies such as the National Council for Vocational Qualifications attempt to point higher education towards the acquisition of ‘ competencies ’ , higher education becomes a culture of technique .
with increasing rapidity , though , as technological and professional education develops , and as bodies such as the national council for vocational qualifications attempt to point higher education towards the [acquiring] of ‘ competencies ’ , higher education becomes a culture of technique .

Again , though , it is the acquisition of stratified techniques in which , at the highest level , only the few are competent .
again , though , it is the [acquiring] of stratified techniques in which , at the highest level , only the few are competent .

If the formation and acquisition of knowledge has the character of a conversation , then students must be accorded an appropriate measure of freedom to engage in that conversation in their own way .
if the formation and [acquiring] of knowledge has the character of a conversation , then students must be accorded an appropriate measure of freedom to engage in that conversation in their own way .

But the acquisition of those very virtues requires the student to submit to the demands of intellectual life , as experienced within an institution with all its vicissitudes .
but the [acquiring] of those very virtues requires the student to submit to the demands of intellectual life , as experienced within an institution with all its vicissitudes .

The idea that the acquisition of truth brings with it freedom from dependency on naive perceptions , falsehoods and ignorance is a key ingredient in the liberal conception of education .
the idea that the [acquiring] of truth brings with it freedom from dependency on naive perceptions , falsehoods and ignorance is a key ingredient in the liberal conception of education .

The biggest change that the end user may find , other than the obvious alterations to the program , is that Letraset are now Adobe 's primary distributor for Europe following McQueen 's decision to move into the manufacturing and acquisition of software rather than its distribution .
the biggest change that the end user may find , other than the obvious alterations to the program , is that letraset are now adobe 's primary distributor for europe following mcqueen 's decision to move into the manufacturing and [acquiring] of software rather than its distribution .

Gavin stuck his head out from under the duvet , giving me cause once more to marvel at the impressive way the lad 's shoulders merged into his head with no apparent narrowing in between ( this appeared to be the principal physical benefit bestowed by the game of rugby ; the acquisition of an extremely thick neck , just as the most important thing one could take to the sport was a thick skull , and from it an intact one still in satisfactory two-way communication with one 's spinal cord ) .
gavin stuck his head out from under the duvet , giving me cause once more to marvel at the impressive way the lad 's shoulders merged into his head with no apparent narrowing in between ( this appeared to be the principal physical benefit bestowed by the game of rugby ; the [acquiring] of an extremely thick neck , just as the most important thing one could take to the sport was a thick skull , and from it an intact one still in satisfactory two-way communication with one 's spinal cord ) .

Rawnsley , honorary secretary until his death , oversaw the acquisition of large areas of countryside .
rawnsley , honorary secretary until his death , oversaw the [acquiring] of large areas of countryside .

His business relationships with French collectors and dealers seem to have been remarkably close during the whole period of the revolution and the early years of Napoleon , and he was obviously able to exploit the opportunities of acquisition created by European upheaval .
his business relationships with french collectors and dealers seem to have been remarkably close during the whole period of the revolution and the early years of napoleon , and he was obviously able to exploit the opportunities of [acquiring] created by european upheaval .

Systematic in the acquisition of the best available maps , Faden developed the most competent cartographic service of the period .
systematic in the [acquiring] of the best available maps , faden developed the most competent cartographic service of the period .

He resigned this post in 1845 as a result of a parliamentary enquiry into alleged improper acquisition of railway shares .
he resigned this post in 1845 as a result of a parliamentary enquiry into alleged improper [acquiring] of railway shares .

Together they successfully masterminded the acquisition and distribution of British and American hard currency , with which they bought Croatian fodder to feed the Swiss cows donated to Austria which then provided free milk .
together they successfully masterminded the [acquiring] and distribution of british and american hard currency , with which they bought croatian fodder to feed the swiss cows donated to austria which then provided free milk .

’ Other , less charitable accounts of Rundell 's character , conduct , and the acquisition of his great personal wealth have survived , the more unpleasant of which , perhaps significantly , were written by former employees .
’ other , less charitable accounts of rundell 's character , conduct , and the [acquiring] of his great personal wealth have survived , the more unpleasant of which , perhaps significantly , were written by former employees .

His business expanded entirely by acquisition .
his business expanded entirely by [acquiring] .

This sudden acquisition of wealth finally put paid to White 's writing career and he became more and more morose and more openly homosexual .
this sudden [acquiring] of wealth finally put paid to white 's writing career and he became more and more morose and more openly homosexual .

Bauthumley 's earlier habit of repeating in private sermons already delivered helps to explain his acquisition of a literacy exceptional for a shoemaker : The Light and Dark Sides of God has been regarded as ‘ a neglected masterpiece of seventeenth-century devotional prose ’ .
bauthumley 's earlier habit of repeating in private sermons already delivered helps to explain his [acquiring] of a literacy exceptional for a shoemaker : the light and dark sides of god has been regarded as ‘ a neglected masterpiece of seventeenth-century devotional prose ’ .

As a writer , the quality , quantity , and character of Welch 's output was inevitably circumscribed by his relative immobility and the restrictions this placed on the acquisition of new material and experience .
as a writer , the quality , quantity , and character of welch 's output was inevitably circumscribed by his relative immobility and the restrictions this placed on the [acquiring] of new material and experience .

All this is on the assumption that the proposed issue is exclusively for cash ; when it is proposed to allot shares as consideration payable to the vendor on the acquisition of a business or real property it would be impossible to make an offer to the existing shareholders on the same terms .
all this is on the assumption that the proposed issue is exclusively for cash ; when it is proposed to allot shares as consideration payable to the vendor on the [acquiring] of a business or real property it would be impossible to make an offer to the existing shareholders on the same terms .

’ Hence today such schemes will rarely lead to the creation of a special class of share ; it is only in relation to their allotment , financing , and provision for re-purchase by the company or the trustees of the scheme that there will be special arrangements which the Act facilitates by exclusions from the normal restrictions on purchase of own shares and on the provision of finance by a company for the acquisition of its shares .
’ hence today such schemes will rarely lead to the creation of a special class of share ; it is only in relation to their allotment , financing , and provision for re-purchase by the company or the trustees of the scheme that there will be special arrangements which the act facilitates by exclusions from the normal restrictions on purchase of own shares and on the provision of finance by a company for the [acquiring] of its shares .

Because of the peculiar nature of company securities , particularly shares their acquisition and disposal raise issues which need to be dealt with as a branch of Company Law .
because of the peculiar nature of company securities , particularly shares their [acquiring] and disposal raise issues which need to be dealt with as a branch of company law .

Generally , the directors will be empowered to refuse to register transfers and frequently this will be accompanied by provisions affording the other members or the company rights of pre-emption , first refusal or even compulsory acquisition .
generally , the directors will be empowered to refuse to register transfers and frequently this will be accompanied by provisions affording the other members or the company rights of pre-emption , first refusal or even compulsory [acquiring] .

The foregoing discussion in this chapter has been primarily directed to the acquisition and disposal of shares .
the foregoing discussion in this chapter has been primarily directed to the [acquiring] and disposal of shares .

In Chapter 3 , we saw that children 's comprehension of difficult sentences is similarly influenced by their knowledge of what kinds of events are likely , and we suggested that this kind of non-linguistic knowledge plays an important role in language acquisition .
in chapter 3 , we saw that children 's comprehension of difficult sentences is similarly influenced by their knowledge of what kinds of events are likely , and we suggested that this kind of non-linguistic knowledge plays an important role in language [acquiring] .

It was possible to establish plausible relationships between what is known about normal language acquisition , especially learning to read , and what is known about developmental disorders of language , especially developmental dyslexia .
it was possible to establish plausible relationships between what is known about normal language [acquiring] , especially learning to read , and what is known about developmental disorders of language , especially developmental dyslexia .

To provide information useful for planning and budgeting , and for predicting the impact of the acquisition and allocation of resources on the achievement of operational objectives .
to provide information useful for planning and budgeting , and for predicting the impact of the [acquiring] and allocation of resources on the achievement of operational objectives .

Similarly , an excess of payments over receipts can not be called a loss because apart from anything else the payments might include the acquisition of assets .
similarly , an excess of payments over receipts can not be called a loss because apart from anything else the payments might include the [acquiring] of assets .

However , they developed a measure of security coordination with non-aligned or pro-Soviet Third World states in the 1970s through the conclusion of bilateral treaties of friendship , cooperation and assistance and through the acquisition of new military facilities overseas .
however , they developed a measure of security coordination with non-aligned or pro-soviet third world states in the 1970s through the conclusion of bilateral treaties of friendship , cooperation and assistance and through the [acquiring] of new military facilities overseas .

‘ Even if the business manager increasingly seems to be as important a factor these days in the acquisition of art as the dealer such as ourselves ? ’
‘ even if the business manager increasingly seems to be as important a factor these days in the [acquiring] of art as the dealer such as ourselves ? ’

Their reasons for study are various and include simple personal interest and skill acquisition in connection with present or possible future employment .
their reasons for study are various and include simple personal interest and skill [acquiring] in connection with present or possible future employment .

Wolters Kluwer has made a striking first acquisition in Scandinavia .
wolters kluwer has made a striking first [acquiring] in scandinavia .

No price or other financial details of the deal have been disclosed , beyond a statement from Wolters Kluwer that ‘ the acquisition will be financed by surplus cash ’ .
no price or other financial details of the deal have been disclosed , beyond a statement from wolters kluwer that ‘ the [acquiring] will be financed by surplus cash ’ .

Liber was already a major schoolbook publisher and its acquisition of Almqvist & Wiksell Läromedel as part of the Esselte deal took its share of the Swedish textbook market to nearly 65 % .
liber was already a major schoolbook publisher and its [acquiring] of almqvist & wiksell läromedel as part of the esselte deal took its share of the swedish textbook market to nearly 65 % .

The Wolters Kluwer acquisition of Sweden 's second largest book publishing business seems bound to renew debate over the role of indigenous Swedish companies within the international publishing market .
the wolters kluwer [acquiring] of sweden 's second largest book publishing business seems bound to renew debate over the role of indigenous swedish companies within the international publishing market .

The acquisition of volatiles by the terrestrial planets is a subject which , in the main , has been developed on the assumption of an accretionary mode of planetary formation rather than a protoplanetary mode ( section 2.1.5 ) .
the [acquiring] of volatiles by the terrestrial planets is a subject which , in the main , has been developed on the assumption of an accretionary mode of planetary formation rather than a protoplanetary mode ( section 2.1.5 ) .

This explanation relates to the acquisition of volatiles during accretion .
this explanation relates to the [acquiring] of volatiles during accretion .

They have in effect the same base ( or acquisition ) value as the shares transferred and if and when they are subsequently disposed of , if they ever are , the taxable gain will be based on that original acquisition value .
they have in effect the same base ( or [acquiring] ) value as the shares transferred and if and when they are subsequently disposed of , if they ever are , the taxable gain will be based on that original [acquiring] value .

If they are disposed of immediately after their acquisition , there will , of course , be no gain and thus no tax .
if they are disposed of immediately after their [acquiring] , there will , of course , be no gain and thus no tax .

Nick Hern has exchanged contracts with Random House for the acquisition of Nick Hern Books , the theatre list he set up as a part of Walker Books in 1988 which joined Random House in 1990 .
nick hern has exchanged contracts with random house for the [acquiring] of nick hern books , the theatre list he set up as a part of walker books in 1988 which joined random house in 1990 .

Mr Hern raised the funds for the acquisition from friends , family and fellow authors but also received a generous ‘ life-line ’ from Currency Press , his counterpart in Australia , which offered to print a proportion of his programme .
mr hern raised the funds for the [acquiring] from friends , family and fellow authors but also received a generous ‘ life-line ’ from currency press , his counterpart in australia , which offered to print a proportion of his programme .

The acquisition is part of Pearson 's strategy to increase its involvement in the visual media , as a complement to its profitable but mature print based companies .
the [acquiring] is part of pearson 's strategy to increase its involvement in the visual media , as a complement to its profitable but mature print based companies .

The acquisition , which was widely expected , was welcomed in the City , and Pearson shares jumped up 10p to 429p .
the [acquiring] , which was widely expected , was welcomed in the city , and pearson shares jumped up 10p to 429p .

Since fewer than ten English harpsichords survive from this period it was therefore something of a rarity , and quite obviously a highly prized and valuable acquisition .
since fewer than ten english harpsichords survive from this period it was therefore something of a rarity , and quite obviously a highly prized and valuable [acquiring] .

To grow our reserves base through exploration and acquisition .
to grow our reserves base through exploration and [acquiring] .

Prior to the Ultramar acquisition , the Company had already assembled an extensive international land portfolio .
prior to the ultramar [acquiring] , the company had already assembled an extensive international land portfolio .

The Group 's oil and gas reserves position more than doubled through the Ultramar acquisition , reaching over 1.1 billion boe of commercial reserves at the end of 1991 .
the group 's oil and gas reserves position more than doubled through the ultramar [acquiring] , reaching over 1.1 billion boe of commercial reserves at the end of 1991 .

These interests , together with producing properties and other assets concentrated primarily in Texas and Louisiana gained through the Ultramar acquisition , will be sold .
these interests , together with producing properties and other assets concentrated primarily in texas and louisiana gained through the ultramar [acquiring] , will be sold .

Seismic acquisition is likely to continue throughout 1992 and drilling activities are expected to recommence early in 1993 .
seismic [acquiring] is likely to continue throughout 1992 and drilling activities are expected to recommence early in 1993 .

Earnings and dividends per share have been restated to reflect the bonus element in the 1989 rights issue and the capitalisation issue in 1990 but not shares issued in connection with the acquisition of Ultramar .
earnings and dividends per share have been restated to reflect the bonus element in the 1989 rights issue and the capitalisation issue in 1990 but not shares issued in connection with the [acquiring] of ultramar .

In his introduction to the Annual Review , Dr Eyre stressed the importance of strengthening our opportunities for new business by forming commercial partnerships by acquisition and joint ventures .
in his introduction to the annual review , dr eyre stressed the importance of strengthening our opportunities for new business by forming commercial partnerships by [acquiring] and joint ventures .

The acquisition will mean other changes as well for Citizens Bank of Massachusetts .
the [acquiring] will mean other changes as well for citizens bank of massachusetts .

Larry said the acquisition made good sense because the Boston Five is the best mortgage bank in New England , and is a good retail bank with tremendous growth potential through improved product marketing .
larry said the [acquiring] made good sense because the boston five is the best mortgage bank in new england , and is a good retail bank with tremendous growth potential through improved product marketing .

The Independent claimed Boston Five looks a relatively safe acquisition .
the independent claimed boston five looks a relatively safe [acquiring] .

In October 1979 the Planning and Development Committee approved the acquisition of the necessary land , and proposals for the creation of a walkway cyclepath were developed .
in october 1979 the planning and development committee approved the [acquiring] of the necessary land , and proposals for the creation of a walkway cyclepath were developed .

This estimation includes items such as design charges , land acquisition , public utility diversions , advance bridgeworks , construction , tunnelling , landscaping and planting , main roadworks , structures , road signs and accommodation works such as fencing , etc .
this estimation includes items such as design charges , land [acquiring] , public utility diversions , advance bridgeworks , construction , tunnelling , landscaping and planting , main roadworks , structures , road signs and accommodation works such as fencing , etc .

This estimate includes design and site supervision fees , land acquisition , public utility diversions , ground stabilisation , road and bridgeworks , road signs and landscaping .
this estimate includes design and site supervision fees , land [acquiring] , public utility diversions , ground stabilisation , road and bridgeworks , road signs and landscaping .

Staff duties in this division include the acquisition of non-current printed material , mainly of Scottish relevance ; the cataloguing of British books printed before 1801 ; dealing with bibliographical enquiries ; providing advice to institutional and private libraries ; and various other duties involving close co-operation with many of the Library 's other departments .
staff duties in this division include the [acquiring] of non-current printed material , mainly of scottish relevance ; the cataloguing of british books printed before 1801 ; dealing with bibliographical enquiries ; providing advice to institutional and private libraries ; and various other duties involving close co-operation with many of the library 's other departments .

Notwithstanding a substantial improvement in profit after tax from upstream activities to £41 million [ 1991 £17 million ] , reflecting improved operating profits following the Ultramar acquisition , the Group recorded a disappointingly large loss for the year of £385 million , after incurring exceptional charges of £426 million .
notwithstanding a substantial improvement in profit after tax from upstream activities to £41 million [ 1991 £17 million ] , reflecting improved operating profits following the ultramar [acquiring] , the group recorded a disappointingly large loss for the year of £385 million , after incurring exceptional charges of £426 million .

Over the past few years we have created a substantial oil and gas exploration and production company through a combination of exploration , development and acquisition .
over the past few years we have created a substantial oil and gas exploration and production company through a combination of exploration , development and [acquiring] .

Our working interest production rose from 85,000 boepd to 184,000 boepd , chiefly as a result of the additional production from the Ultramar acquisition .
our working interest production rose from 85,000 boepd to 184,000 boepd , chiefly as a result of the additional production from the ultramar [acquiring] .

Average working interest production for 1992 increased to 107,000 boepd [ 1991 25,000 boepd ] , reflecting the impact of the acquisition of Ultramar 's interests in Indonesia .
average working interest production for 1992 increased to 107,000 boepd [ 1991 25,000 boepd ] , reflecting the impact of the [acquiring] of ultramar 's interests in indonesia .

Although seismic acquisition is at an early stage a number of attractive leads have already been recognised and these leads will be matured and tested during 1993 .
although seismic [acquiring] is at an early stage a number of attractive leads have already been recognised and these leads will be matured and tested during 1993 .

Here the seismic acquisition continued throughout much of 1992 .
here the seismic [acquiring] continued throughout much of 1992 .

Subsidiaries acquired or sold during the year are included from the effective date of acquisition or to the effective date of disposal .
subsidiaries acquired or sold during the year are included from the effective date of [acquiring] or to the effective date of disposal .

Such investments are stated at cost together with the Group 's share of post acquisition undistributed reserves less amounts written off .
such investments are stated at cost together with the group 's share of post [acquiring] undistributed reserves less amounts written off .

Goodwill , which comprises the amount by which the cost of acquiring shares in subsidiaries exceeds the fair value of net assets acquired , is written off to reserves in the year of acquisition .
goodwill , which comprises the amount by which the cost of acquiring shares in subsidiaries exceeds the fair value of net assets acquired , is written off to reserves in the year of [acquiring] .

Exploration expenditure comprises all costs , including premium payments , associated with the acquisition of new acreage , the drilling of exploratory wells and other costs incurred in evaluating the commercial viability of geological entities .
exploration expenditure comprises all costs , including premium payments , associated with the [acquiring] of new acreage , the drilling of exploratory wells and other costs incurred in evaluating the commercial viability of geological entities .

Consequently , an active programme of asset disposals has been under way over the last year in order to reduce the group 's high level of debt , which was the result of decisions to develop new oil and gas fields over the last few years , as well as the additional debt burden inherited following the acquisition of Ultramar .
consequently , an active programme of asset disposals has been under way over the last year in order to reduce the group 's high level of debt , which was the result of decisions to develop new oil and gas fields over the last few years , as well as the additional debt burden inherited following the [acquiring] of ultramar .

In many courses , content has been reduced and a greater emphasis has been put on the acquisition of subject-related skills by the pupils .
in many courses , content has been reduced and a greater emphasis has been put on the [acquiring] of subject-related skills by the pupils .

Nowhere is this more evident than with the acquisition of companies .
nowhere is this more evident than with the [acquiring] of companies .

Expansion through acquisition is a recognised business risk but one which , taken with intelligence and care , will result in the purchase of a business that will add growth , not problems .
expansion through [acquiring] is a recognised business risk but one which , taken with intelligence and care , will result in the purchase of a business that will add growth , not problems .

Its purchase in early 1991 was followed later in the year by the acquisition of 70 per cent of Union Cervecera , Spain 's sixth largest brewer .
its purchase in early 1991 was followed later in the year by the [acquiring] of 70 per cent of union cervecera , spain 's sixth largest brewer .

The centrality of this functional matrix for language use hardly needs arguing : face-to-face interaction is not only the context for language acquisition , but the only significant kind of language use in many of the world 's communities , and indeed until relatively recently in all of them .
the centrality of this functional matrix for language use hardly needs arguing : face-to-face interaction is not only the context for language [acquiring] , but the only significant kind of language use in many of the world 's communities , and indeed until relatively recently in all of them .

This is the study of the acquisition of language by children .
this is the study of the [acquiring] of language by children .

During the early stages of acquisition , children establish an interactional matrix for language learning , and then slowly learn to utilize linguistic means for promoting interaction .
during the early stages of [acquiring] , children establish an interactional matrix for language learning , and then slowly learn to utilize linguistic means for promoting interaction .

That children early in language acquisition produce isolated acts of reference , seems to support the view of reference as a speech act ( see Chapter 5 ) that is prototypically `` demonstrative `` ( Lyons , 1975 ; Atkinson , 1979 ) .
that children early in language [acquiring] produce isolated acts of reference , seems to support the view of reference as a speech act ( see chapter 5 ) that is prototypically `` demonstrative `` ( lyons , 1975 ; atkinson , 1979 ) .

In this connection , Lyons ( 1975 ) proposes that deictic reference is ontogenetically prior to other kinds of reference , and provides the basis for their acquisition ( but see Tanz , 1980 ) .
in this connection , lyons ( 1975 ) proposes that deictic reference is ontogenetically prior to other kinds of reference , and provides the basis for their [acquiring] ( but see tanz , 1980 ) .

There is also , though , a growing body of literature on the acquisition of deictic terms by children , most of which is referenced in Wales , 1979 and Tanz , 1980 , while a useful collection of cross-linguistic observations can be found in Anderson & Keenan , in Press .
there is also , though , a growing body of literature on the [acquiring] of deictic terms by children , most of which is referenced in wales , 1979 and tanz , 1980 , while a useful collection of cross-linguistic observations can be found in anderson & keenan , in press .

Such a picture makes the acquisition of deictic terms seem a miracle , and children do indeed have trouble with them ( Tanz , 1980 ) .
such a picture makes the [acquiring] of deictic terms seem a miracle , and children do indeed have trouble with them ( tanz , 1980 ) .

To achieve this will require further investment of resources in academic staff and the infrastructure to support them , such as library provision , information technology , research support , and additional space , including the acquisition of further sites for development .
to achieve this will require further investment of resources in academic staff and the infrastructure to support them , such as library provision , information technology , research support , and additional space , including the [acquiring] of further sites for development .

The University has as a major objective for the future the acquisition of the whole of the Radcliffe Infirmary site , if the Headington Strategy goes ahead , for use for university purposes .
the university has as a major objective for the future the [acquiring] of the whole of the radcliffe infirmary site , if the headington strategy goes ahead , for use for university purposes .

Following the acquisition of John Cawsey & Company in early 1991 , including 50 % of Bundaberg Rum , United Distillers Australia is the largest wholesale spirit distributor in Australasia , with over 40 % share of the Scotch market and over 42 % of the gin market .
following the [acquiring] of john cawsey & company in early 1991 , including 50 % of bundaberg rum , united distillers australia is the largest wholesale spirit distributor in australasia , with over 40 % share of the scotch market and over 42 % of the gin market .

In 1991 , as well as the acquisition of Cruzcampo , Spain 's largest brewer , Guinness acquired Industrias Pampero — producer of the original Venezuelan golden rum , and a 50 % interest in Bundaberg , the leading spirits brand in Australia .
in 1991 , as well as the [acquiring] of cruzcampo , spain 's largest brewer , guinness acquired industrias pampero — producer of the original venezuelan golden rum , and a 50 % interest in bundaberg , the leading spirits brand in australia .

The expression `` takeover `` is commonly used to refer to any acquisition of a company or business .
the expression `` takeover `` is commonly used to refer to any [acquiring] of a company or business .

The term `` acquisition `` is reserved for any other type of acquisition of a company or business .
the term `` [acquiring] `` is reserved for any other type of [acquiring] of a company or business .

One of these is where the acquisition of shares is approved by a majority of independent shareholders .
one of these is where the [acquiring] of shares is approved by a majority of independent shareholders .

Such transactions include Court Schemes , reductions of share capital , purchases by a company of its own shares , reverse takeovers , new issues of shares and the acquisition by a parent company of further shares in its subsidiary .
such transactions include court schemes , reductions of share capital , purchases by a company of its own shares , reverse takeovers , new issues of shares and the [acquiring] by a parent company of further shares in its subsidiary .

( e ) an acquisition by a parent company of the shares which it does not own in its subsidiary ( this might occur , for example , following a takeover offer where the compulsory sale procedures under s429 could not be used because there were insufficient acceptances — see para 15.5 below ) ;
( e ) an [acquiring] by a parent company of the shares which it does not own in its subsidiary ( this might occur , for example , following a takeover offer where the compulsory sale procedures under s429 could not be used because there were insufficient acceptances — see para 15.5 below ) ;

This makes it easy to arrange for the vendor ( s ) to sign a single acquisition agreement .
this makes it easy to arrange for the vendor ( s ) to sign a single [acquiring] agreement .

The acquisition of the share capital of a private company which is not widely held and is capable of being concluded by private contract will often be considered for a dispensation .
the [acquiring] of the share capital of a private company which is not widely held and is capable of being concluded by private contract will often be considered for a dispensation .

If the exemption does apply , the parties will be able to conclude the acquisition by private contract in the usual way without any need for the documents to be issued or approved by an authorised person .
if the exemption does apply , the parties will be able to conclude the [acquiring] by private contract in the usual way without any need for the documents to be issued or approved by an authorised person .

( a ) the compulsory acquisition procedures ( ss428-430 ) ;
( a ) the compulsory [acquiring] procedures ( ss428-430 ) ;

Dispensations can be obtained and will usually be given for an acquisition of a company by private contract .
dispensations can be obtained and will usually be given for an [acquiring] of a company by private contract .

It is likely that such shares ( and their acquisition ) will be taken into account for the purposes of the rule ( note to Rule 36 ) .
it is likely that such shares ( and their [acquiring] ) will be taken into account for the purposes of the rule ( note to rule 36 ) .

If the offeror wishes to make a recommended bid , then the negotiations over price are likely to proceed in the same way as for any other business acquisition .
if the offeror wishes to make a recommended bid , then the negotiations over price are likely to proceed in the same way as for any other business [acquiring] .

It is all too easy to overlook how the offeror will manage the target after the acquisition .
it is all too easy to overlook how the offeror will manage the target after the [acquiring] .

5.16.2 To take all [ reasonable ] steps to prevent any new window light opening doorway path passage pipe or other encroachment or easement being made or acquired in against out of or upon the Premises and to notify the Landlord immediately if any such encroachment or easement shall be made or acquired ( or attempted to be made or acquired ) and at the request of the Landlord to adopt such means as shall [ reasonably ] be required to prevent such encroachment or the acquisition of any such easement The landlord will wish to ensure that encroachments are prevented .
5.16.2 to take all [ reasonable ] steps to prevent any new window light opening doorway path passage pipe or other encroachment or easement being made or acquired in against out of or upon the premises and to notify the landlord immediately if any such encroachment or easement shall be made or acquired ( or attempted to be made or acquired ) and at the request of the landlord to adopt such means as shall [ reasonably ] be required to prevent such encroachment or the [acquiring] of any such easement the landlord will wish to ensure that encroachments are prevented .

With the acquisition of like as a tool , the peoples ' capacity for thinking is enhanced .
with the [acquiring] of like as a tool , the peoples ' capacity for thinking is enhanced .

The second point concerns the acquisition of a lease .
the second point concerns the [acquiring] of a lease .

There is no doubt that dishonest or surreptitious acquisition of information is usually overwhelming evidence that information was confidential and not part of the defendant 's skill and knowledge .
there is no doubt that dishonest or surreptitious [acquiring] of information is usually overwhelming evidence that information was confidential and not part of the defendant 's skill and knowledge .

More significant for domestic purposes is s10 ( 4 ) ( b ) and ( c ) which give the retailer a defence provided : ( i ) that he supplied the goods , offered or agreed to supply them or , as the case may be , exposed or possessed them for supply in the course of carrying on a retail business ; and ( ii ) that , at the time he supplied the goods or offered or agreed to supply them or exposed or possessed them for supply , he neither knew nor had reasonable grounds for believing that the goods failed to comply with the general safety requirement ; or ( c ) that the terms on which he supplied the goods or agreed or offered to supply them or , in the case of goods which he exposed or possessed for supply , the terms on which he intended to supply them ( i ) indicated that the goods were not supplied or to be supplied as new goods ; and ( ii ) provided for , or contemplated , the acquisition of an interest in the goods by the persons supplied or to be supplied .
more significant for domestic purposes is s10 ( 4 ) ( b ) and ( c ) which give the retailer a defence provided : ( i ) that he supplied the goods , offered or agreed to supply them or , as the case may be , exposed or possessed them for supply in the course of carrying on a retail business ; and ( ii ) that , at the time he supplied the goods or offered or agreed to supply them or exposed or possessed them for supply , he neither knew nor had reasonable grounds for believing that the goods failed to comply with the general safety requirement ; or ( c ) that the terms on which he supplied the goods or agreed or offered to supply them or , in the case of goods which he exposed or possessed for supply , the terms on which he intended to supply them ( i ) indicated that the goods were not supplied or to be supplied as new goods ; and ( ii ) provided for , or contemplated , the [acquiring] of an interest in the goods by the persons supplied or to be supplied .

My second choice was the entry on `` Acquisition of language `` .
my second choice was the entry on `` [acquiring] of language `` .

This is divided into three sections , `` Meanings and forms `` , `` Phonology `` and `` second language acquisition `` .
this is divided into three sections , `` meanings and forms `` , `` phonology `` and `` second language [acquiring] `` .

It tends to ignore some of the more interesting theoretical issues concerned with the ways in which Chomskyan notions of Universal Grammar interact with the immediate linguistic , cognitive and contextual features that are the properties of individual children and fails to suggest how research into language acquisition is developing in other areas .
it tends to ignore some of the more interesting theoretical issues concerned with the ways in which chomskyan notions of universal grammar interact with the immediate linguistic , cognitive and contextual features that are the properties of individual children and fails to suggest how research into language [acquiring] is developing in other areas .

Since the two main reservoirs of infection are larvae in the prey or eggs on the ground , control has to be based on treatment of worm infection in the host animals , and on adequate hygiene to limit the possibility of acquisition of infection by ingestion of eggs .
since the two main reservoirs of infection are larvae in the prey or eggs on the ground , control has to be based on treatment of worm infection in the host animals , and on adequate hygiene to limit the possibility of [acquiring] of infection by ingestion of eggs .

While each school will be different in terms of decision-making on computer and financial matters and different committees will exist , the mechanisms for acquiring a microcomputer and justifying its acquisition in educational terms , will be similar in all schools .
while each school will be different in terms of decision-making on computer and financial matters and different committees will exist , the mechanisms for acquiring a microcomputer and justifying its [acquiring] in educational terms , will be similar in all schools .

The school librarians who have acquired microcomputers have either produced reports on particular projects and gained part-time access to a microcomputer for that project , but have subsequently been given a microcomputer permanently in the library or , as in the case of St Modan 's High School ( see Examples ) have produced reports on the acquisition of a microcomputer for a range of purposes .
the school librarians who have acquired microcomputers have either produced reports on particular projects and gained part-time access to a microcomputer for that project , but have subsequently been given a microcomputer permanently in the library or , as in the case of st modan 's high school ( see examples ) have produced reports on the [acquiring] of a microcomputer for a range of purposes .

Once the project has been carried out and shown to be successful , subsequent written or verbal reports can outline other uses of the microcomputer based in the school library , leading to the acquisition of a library based microcomputer or the reallocation of an existing microcomputer to the school library .
once the project has been carried out and shown to be successful , subsequent written or verbal reports can outline other uses of the microcomputer based in the school library , leading to the [acquiring] of a library based microcomputer or the reallocation of an existing microcomputer to the school library .

The success of Objectives 1 and 2 is based on a thorough acquisition of information retrieval skills and a recognition of their interdependence .
the success of objectives 1 and 2 is based on a thorough [acquiring] of information retrieval skills and a recognition of their interdependence .

There are a number of programs available for different types of microcomputer which allow school librarians to offer a range of services to their users and this chapter will cover computerized acquisition packages , word processing programs , microcomputerbased publicity packages , including electronic noticeboards and the use of the microcomputer by staff and pupils in producing quality output in terms of textual and graphic design of worksheets , information bulletins and school newspapers .
there are a number of programs available for different types of microcomputer which allow school librarians to offer a range of services to their users and this chapter will cover computerized [acquiring] packages , word processing programs , microcomputerbased publicity packages , including electronic noticeboards and the use of the microcomputer by staff and pupils in producing quality output in terms of textual and graphic design of worksheets , information bulletins and school newspapers .

Drill and practice programs can fall prey to bad practice and school librarians should question the acquisition of such software for use in the methods which are probably more effectively carried out using the blackboardand the verbal question and answer routine .
drill and practice programs can fall prey to bad practice and school librarians should question the [acquiring] of such software for use in the methods which are probably more effectively carried out using the blackboardand the verbal question and answer routine .

The school librarian may be the person controls the acquisition and borrowing of software and therefore a responsibility to ensure that software which is borrowed is not copied in school , as this could lead to prosecution .
the school librarian may be the person controls the [acquiring] and borrowing of software and therefore a responsibility to ensure that software which is borrowed is not copied in school , as this could lead to prosecution .

Acquisition of software
[acquiring] of software

Since local plans provide a much more precise indication of the possibility of public acquisition of any land , the structure plan is then no longer relevant .
since local plans provide a much more precise indication of the possibility of public [acquiring] of any land , the structure plan is then no longer relevant .

Additionally there is a general entitlement to a ‘ Disturbance Payment ’ for persons who are not entitled to compensation , and local authorities are given a duty ‘ to secure the provision of suitable alternative accommodation where this is not otherwise available on reasonable terms , for any person displaced from residential accommodation ’ by acquisition .
additionally there is a general entitlement to a ‘ disturbance payment ’ for persons who are not entitled to compensation , and local authorities are given a duty ‘ to secure the provision of suitable alternative accommodation where this is not otherwise available on reasonable terms , for any person displaced from residential accommodation ’ by [acquiring] .

As a result landowners only ‘ owned ’ the existing use rights of their land and it thus followed , first , that if permission to develop was refused no compensation was payable , and , secondly , that the price paid to public authorities for the compulsory acquisition of land would be equal to the existing use value , that is , its value excluding any allowance for future development .
as a result landowners only ‘ owned ’ the existing use rights of their land and it thus followed , first , that if permission to develop was refused no compensation was payable , and , secondly , that the price paid to public authorities for the compulsory [acquiring] of land would be equal to the existing use value , that is , its value excluding any allowance for future development .

In the second case , however , compulsory acquisition at less than market price involves an actual loss since the owner is not only deprived of his property but is also compensated at a price which might be less than he paid for it and would almost certainly be insufficient to purchase a similar parcel of land in the open market .
in the second case , however , compulsory [acquiring] at less than market price involves an actual loss since the owner is not only deprived of his property but is also compensated at a price which might be less than he paid for it and would almost certainly be insufficient to purchase a similar parcel of land in the open market .

The same applied to the acquisition of land by local authorities : since they had to meet the cost of compensation there was a danger that they would attempt to avoid sites having an admitted claim under the 1947 Act .
the same applied to the [acquiring] of land by local authorities : since they had to meet the cost of compensation there was a danger that they would attempt to avoid sites having an admitted claim under the 1947 act .

The resulting legislation ( the Town and Country Planning Act 1959 ) restored ‘ fair market price ’ as the basis of compensation for compulsory acquisition .
the resulting legislation ( the town and country planning act 1959 ) restored ‘ fair market price ’ as the basis of compensation for compulsory [acquiring] .

The second set of compulsory powers were not to become operative until the ‘ second appointed day ’ and were to be brought into effect only if it appeared ‘ that it is necessary in the public interest to enable the commission to obtain authority for the compulsory acquisition of land by a simplified procedure ’ .
the second set of compulsory powers were not to become operative until the ‘ second appointed day ’ and were to be brought into effect only if it appeared ‘ that it is necessary in the public interest to enable the commission to obtain authority for the compulsory [acquiring] of land by a simplified procedure ’ .

It could use its powers of compulsory acquisition to amalgamate land which was in separate ownerships and acquire land the owners of which could not be traced .
it could use its powers of compulsory [acquiring] to amalgamate land which was in separate ownerships and acquire land the owners of which could not be traced .

The ensuing legislation came in two parts : the 1975 Community Land Act provided wide powers for compulsory land acquisition , while the Development Land Tax 1976 provided for the taxation of development values .
the ensuing legislation came in two parts : the 1975 community land act provided wide powers for compulsory land [acquiring] , while the development land tax 1976 provided for the taxation of development values .

This , it was thought , would ‘ enable the build-up of authorities ’ acquisition , management and disposal activities to be matched to available resources , in particular of finance , manpower and expertise ' .
this , it was thought , would ‘ enable the build-up of authorities ’ [acquiring] , management and disposal activities to be matched to available resources , in particular of finance , manpower and expertise ' .

Though the Community Land Act was repealed by the Local Government , Planning and Land Act 1980 , local authorities still retain considerable powers of compulsory acquisition of land .
though the community land act was repealed by the local government , planning and land act 1980 , local authorities still retain considerable powers of compulsory [acquiring] of land .

The Act also settled a doubt concerning the legality of compulsory land acquisition for the purpose of disposal to a private developer .
the act also settled a doubt concerning the legality of compulsory land [acquiring] for the purpose of disposal to a private developer .

The acquisition of vorticity by initially irrotational fluid can only be brought about through the action of viscosity ( Section 10.3 ) .
the [acquiring] of vorticity by initially irrotational fluid can only be brought about through the action of viscosity ( section 10.3 ) .

The pursuit and acquisition thereof .
the pursuit and [acquiring] thereof .

In practical terms , a programme of acquisition and conservation is technically forbidding as well as resource intensive .
in practical terms , a programme of [acquiring] and conservation is technically forbidding as well as resource intensive .

Their essential justification is the acquisition , preservation and study of physical artefacts .
their essential justification is the [acquiring] , preservation and study of physical artefacts .

Unless existing custodial protection can be extended to include software , the first step towards systematic acquisition will have faltered , and a justification for special provision will need to be articulated ab initio in much the same way as film and sound archives emerged as distinct organisational entities outside the object-centred museum establishment .
unless existing custodial protection can be extended to include software , the first step towards systematic [acquiring] will have faltered , and a justification for special provision will need to be articulated ab initio in much the same way as film and sound archives emerged as distinct organisational entities outside the object-centred museum establishment .

This acquisition model for conventional physical objects poses two curatorial conundrums for any potential software acquisition programme .
this [acquiring] model for conventional physical objects poses two curatorial conundrums for any potential software [acquiring] programme .

The resource implications of a meaningful software acquisition programme are formidable .
the resource implications of a meaningful software [acquiring] programme are formidable .

Despite the formidable obstacles that face a fully-fledged software preservation programme there is at least one modest but significant programme of software acquisition that is technically achievable and that has affordable resource implications , namely , software for personal computers — ‘ shrink-wrapped ’ consumer software as well as custom-written special applications software .
despite the formidable obstacles that face a fully-fledged software preservation programme there is at least one modest but significant programme of software [acquiring] that is technically achievable and that has affordable resource implications , namely , software for personal computers — ‘ shrink-wrapped ’ consumer software as well as custom-written special applications software .

Acquiring working specimens of significant volume-production personal computer since 1977 , and their variant upgrades , is still a realistic acquisition objective .
acquiring working specimens of significant volume-production personal computer since 1977 , and their variant upgrades , is still a realistic [acquiring] objective .

At present , the acquisition , development , and dissemination of computer methods and the creation of useful machine-readable data are not given anywhere the same credit or standing as traditional forms of research and publication despite the fact that the latter have no greater claim on scholarship and far less a claim on relevance .
at present , the [acquiring] , development , and dissemination of computer methods and the creation of useful machine-readable data are not given anywhere the same credit or standing as traditional forms of research and publication despite the fact that the latter have no greater claim on scholarship and far less a claim on relevance .

With the exception of some early state papers in private collections and most notably , the very extensive India Office records , which effectively ceased to be produced in 1948 , the Special Collections of the British Library are for the most part private in their origin and unpredictable in the manner and timing of their acquisition .
with the exception of some early state papers in private collections and most notably , the very extensive india office records , which effectively ceased to be produced in 1948 , the special collections of the british library are for the most part private in their origin and unpredictable in the manner and timing of their [acquiring] .

It is important for the humanities community to make its requirements known for the national acquisition and provision of dataset services .
it is important for the humanities community to make its requirements known for the national [acquiring] and provision of dataset services .

17.3 . Data acquisition
17.3 . data [acquiring]

Although the acquisition and preservation of data are laudable activities they will not result in widespread use of the data unless the archives take an active role in promoting use .
although the [acquiring] and preservation of data are laudable activities they will not result in widespread use of the data unless the archives take an active role in promoting use .

An active policy of data identification and acquisition in areas should be pursued where there is :
an active policy of data identification and [acquiring] in areas should be pursued where there is :

specialist expertise is needed to locate and identify key datasets for inclusion in the Archive , and to assist in the establishment of targeted acquisition campaigns ;
specialist expertise is needed to locate and identify key datasets for inclusion in the archive , and to assist in the establishment of targeted [acquiring] campaigns ;

It was not long since the Austrian Nestroy had written his entertaining and embittered farce The Talisman ( 1840 ) , in which the fortunes of a poor red-haired man are dramatically changed by the acquisition , and subsequent loss , of a black wig .
it was not long since the austrian nestroy had written his entertaining and embittered farce the talisman ( 1840 ) , in which the fortunes of a poor red-haired man are dramatically changed by the [acquiring] , and subsequent loss , of a black wig .

For example , the Keynesian saving function in which the rate of acquisition of new financial and real assets is a function of the level of income has long been a source of dissatisfaction .
for example , the keynesian saving function in which the rate of [acquiring] of new financial and real assets is a function of the level of income has long been a source of dissatisfaction .

Acquisition of the share of one partner by another is an exception to the duty of good faith in so far as the acquiring partner is not obliged to inform his co-partners of his purchase .
[acquiring] of the share of one partner by another is an exception to the duty of good faith in so far as the acquiring partner is not obliged to inform his co-partners of his purchase .

Having provided for the acquisition of an outgoing partner 's share , the partners must determine what restrictions should be put on him to prevent any action of his eroding the value of that share .
having provided for the [acquiring] of an outgoing partner 's share , the partners must determine what restrictions should be put on him to prevent any action of his eroding the value of that share .

The object of the exercise ( as for the acquisition of the partner 's share ) will be to settle a basic scheme .
the object of the exercise ( as for the [acquiring] of the partner 's share ) will be to settle a basic scheme .

4 Acquisition and amalgamation
4 [acquiring] and amalgamation

( d ) Notifications Though solicitors will need little enough encouragement to advertise such changes , the amalgamation or acquisition of a firm is the occasion of a material alteration which as a matter of professional conduct must be notified to the clients of all the firms involved .
( d ) notifications though solicitors will need little enough encouragement to advertise such changes , the amalgamation or [acquiring] of a firm is the occasion of a material alteration which as a matter of professional conduct must be notified to the clients of all the firms involved .

( a ) Manner of acquisition The share of the outgoing partner must be acquired by the continuing partners .
( a ) manner of [acquiring] the share of the outgoing partner must be acquired by the continuing partners .

Although provision is made for the acquisition of such rights under the Telecommunications Code ( Telecommunications Act 1984 , Sched 2 ) , it is unwise merely to rely on the statutory machinery .
although provision is made for the [acquiring] of such rights under the telecommunications code ( telecommunications act 1984 , sched 2 ) , it is unwise merely to rely on the statutory machinery .

But there may also be : ( 1 ) receipts of mesne profits in the case of subtenants holding over ; ( 2 ) premiums paid for surrenders or lease variations ; ( 3 ) money payable under insurance policies for damage to the scheme or for loss of rent and commissions paid by the insurers to the tenant ; ( 4 ) damages for breach of covenant ( eg dilapidations ) ; ( 5 ) interest on late rent , on reviewed rent , and on damages ; ( 6 ) grants or other public money paid for works to the scheme ; ( 7 ) compensation for compulsory acquisition .
but there may also be : ( 1 ) receipts of mesne profits in the case of subtenants holding over ; ( 2 ) premiums paid for surrenders or lease variations ; ( 3 ) money payable under insurance policies for damage to the scheme or for loss of rent and commissions paid by the insurers to the tenant ; ( 4 ) damages for breach of covenant ( eg dilapidations ) ; ( 5 ) interest on late rent , on reviewed rent , and on damages ; ( 6 ) grants or other public money paid for works to the scheme ; ( 7 ) compensation for compulsory [acquiring] .

In a management buy-out , the ownership of the share capital of the ( usually newly incorporated ) acquiring company , at the time of the acquisition of the target company or its assets , will determine whether or not s320 comes into play .
in a management buy-out , the ownership of the share capital of the ( usually newly incorporated ) acquiring company , at the time of the [acquiring] of the target company or its assets , will determine whether or not s320 comes into play .

Such acceptance will be subject to contract save in respect of the provisions of paragraphs … , … and … in respect of which there shall be a legally binding obligation between the Managers [ on behalf of themselves and [ name of company incorporated to effect acquisition ] ] and yourselves .
such acceptance will be subject to contract save in respect of the provisions of paragraphs … , … and … in respect of which there shall be a legally binding obligation between the managers [ on behalf of themselves and [ name of company incorporated to effect [acquiring] ] ] and yourselves .

There follows a specimen clause as to costs : In the event of the proposed acquisition not proceeding , either because you withdraw from the transaction or because management or their financiers withdraw because of some material item coming to light of which they were not previously aware , or because contract details can not be reasonably agreed ; then you will reimburse management for all reasonable costs incurred by them with their advisers and financiers .
there follows a specimen clause as to costs : in the event of the proposed [acquiring] not proceeding , either because you withdraw from the transaction or because management or their financiers withdraw because of some material item coming to light of which they were not previously aware , or because contract details can not be reasonably agreed ; then you will reimburse management for all reasonable costs incurred by them with their advisers and financiers .

Because of the cost involved , it is rare for an investor to instruct its accountants or lawyers actually to proceed with this exercise until the main terms of the acquisition and investment have been agreed and the offer letter signed .
because of the cost involved , it is rare for an investor to instruct its accountants or lawyers actually to proceed with this exercise until the main terms of the [acquiring] and investment have been agreed and the offer letter signed .

An acquisition investigation could cover the whole range of business of the target , and so the accountants will usually hold an early meeting with the investor to discuss the scope of their report .
an [acquiring] investigation could cover the whole range of business of the target , and so the accountants will usually hold an early meeting with the investor to discuss the scope of their report .

Alternatively they may effect a leveraged buy-out of a number of businesses with a view to later reconstruction to realise `` hidden `` reserves which will effectively finance the acquisition of the core business they wish to retain , and enable the borrowings to be redeemed .
alternatively they may effect a leveraged buy-out of a number of businesses with a view to later reconstruction to realise `` hidden `` reserves which will effectively finance the [acquiring] of the core business they wish to retain , and enable the borrowings to be redeemed .

Usually management will form a company , Newco , to make the acquisition .
usually management will form a company , newco , to make the [acquiring] .

This problem is usually solved by having a `` hive-up `` ( or transfer ) of the business from Target to Newco after the acquisition , Newco thus starting life as an investment company and becoming a trading company ; but a hive-up creates its own tax complications .
this problem is usually solved by having a `` hive-up `` ( or transfer ) of the business from target to newco after the [acquiring] , newco thus starting life as an investment company and becoming a trading company ; but a hive-up creates its own tax complications .

It is common practice to use a company to make the acquisition for reasons of limited liability ( where assets and business are being acquired ) , and because the procedure is well understood .
it is common practice to use a company to make the [acquiring] for reasons of limited liability ( where assets and business are being acquired ) , and because the procedure is well understood .

The more common structures for a management buy-out , on which the remainder of this chapter concentrates , consist of one or more of the following : ( a ) a straightforward acquisition by Newco of Target 's business and assets ( see 5.1 ) ; ( b ) an acquisition by Newco of Target 's share capital ( see 5.2 ) ; ( c ) an acquisition by management or Newco of shares in a company to which the targeted business and assets are first hived down ( see 5.2.5 ) ; ( d ) a buy-in of the vendor shareholders ' shares in Target , usually combined with an issue of new shares in Target to management ( see 5.3.1 ) ; ( e ) a buy-out effected by way of a de-merger ( see 5.3.2 ) .
the more common structures for a management buy-out , on which the remainder of this chapter concentrates , consist of one or more of the following : ( a ) a straightforward [acquiring] by newco of target 's business and assets ( see 5.1 ) ; ( b ) an [acquiring] by newco of target 's share capital ( see 5.2 ) ; ( c ) an [acquiring] by management or newco of shares in a company to which the targeted business and assets are first hived down ( see 5.2.5 ) ; ( d ) a buy-in of the vendor shareholders ' shares in target , usually combined with an issue of new shares in target to management ( see 5.3.1 ) ; ( e ) a buy-out effected by way of a de-merger ( see 5.3.2 ) .

As mentioned , where the share capital of Target is acquired by Newco there will often be a hive-up of Target 's business to Newco after the acquisition ( see 5.2.6 ) .
as mentioned , where the share capital of target is acquired by newco there will often be a hive-up of target 's business to newco after the [acquiring] ( see 5.2.6 ) .

Acquisition of shares at less than full market value
[acquiring] of shares at less than full market value

Where Newco and management are connected under s839 ( 7 ) , the managers need to show that no benefit has been conferred on them indirectly by virtue of Newco 's acquisition of Target , and accordingly the managers need to be able to demonstrate that the price paid by Newco for Target constitutes market value .
where newco and management are connected under s839 ( 7 ) , the managers need to show that no benefit has been conferred on them indirectly by virtue of newco 's [acquiring] of target , and accordingly the managers need to be able to demonstrate that the price paid by newco for target constitutes market value .

Even where there is no under-value to Newco in its acquisition of Target , the managers need to show either that they have paid full value for their shares in Newco , or that any benefit to them does not derive from their office or employment .
even where there is no under-value to newco in its [acquiring] of target , the managers need to show either that they have paid full value for their shares in newco , or that any benefit to them does not derive from their office or employment .

Secondly , step ( 4 ) above should be implemented before step ( 5 ) so that at the time management subscribes the substantial part of their shares in Newco , in respect of which they have taken out loans to defray the cost of acquisition , Newco will already control Target by virtue of its contractual entitlement to acquire it ; if , in practice , steps ( 3 ) to ( 5 ) occur on the same day , board minutes and other records should show that events took place in the correct order .
secondly , step ( 4 ) above should be implemented before step ( 5 ) so that at the time management subscribes the substantial part of their shares in newco , in respect of which they have taken out loans to defray the cost of [acquiring] , newco will already control target by virtue of its contractual entitlement to acquire it ; if , in practice , steps ( 3 ) to ( 5 ) occur on the same day , board minutes and other records should show that events took place in the correct order .

Acquisition of business and assets
[acquiring] of business and assets

Although , structurally , the acquisition by Newco of Target 's business and assets is the simplest way of effecting a management buy-out , it gives rise to a number of tax issues .
although , structurally , the [acquiring] by newco of target 's business and assets is the simplest way of effecting a management buy-out , it gives rise to a number of tax issues .

This is less of a concern now that acquisition cost is re-based to 31 March 1982 for capital gains tax purposes , especially with the benefit of indexation since that date to reduce the gain .
this is less of a concern now that [acquiring] cost is re-based to 31 march 1982 for capital gains tax purposes , especially with the benefit of indexation since that date to reduce the gain .

Within one month after completing the acquisition , Newco must file Stamps Form 22 with the Inland Revenue , together with the original business sale agreement , for adjudication and stamping .
within one month after completing the [acquiring] , newco must file stamps form 22 with the inland revenue , together with the original business sale agreement , for adjudication and stamping .

Where assets are to be acquired , Newco has the opportunity to finance these by way of rental payments under finance leases rather than by direct acquisition .
where assets are to be acquired , newco has the opportunity to finance these by way of rental payments under finance leases rather than by direct [acquiring] .

Although , from a tax point of view , an assets purchase is relatively straightforward , there are many commercial reasons why an acquisition of Target may be preferred by both vendor and Newco , even though Target may have unquantified liabilities .
although , from a tax point of view , an assets purchase is relatively straightforward , there are many commercial reasons why an [acquiring] of target may be preferred by both vendor and newco , even though target may have unquantified liabilities .

Acquisition of shares
[acquiring] of shares

The reason Newco is formed to make the acquisition , rather than management acquiring Target direct , is that the incorporation of the company facilitates the creation of gearing in the form of fixed-dividend preference shares ; various forms of debt security issued by Newco ; and bank borrowing , to enable Newco to acquire Target .
the reason newco is formed to make the [acquiring] , rather than management acquiring target direct , is that the incorporation of the company facilitates the creation of gearing in the form of fixed-dividend preference shares ; various forms of debt security issued by newco ; and bank borrowing , to enable newco to acquire target .

An acquisition of newly issued shares does not constitute a disposal by the issuing company — in this instance Target — and the cost to Newco of subscribing the shares is added to its base cost in the `` pool `` of total shares in Target .
an [acquiring] of newly issued shares does not constitute a disposal by the issuing company — in this instance target — and the cost to newco of subscribing the shares is added to its base cost in the `` pool `` of total shares in target .

The common types of consideration paid for the acquisition of Target will be cash , debentures in Newco , shares in Newco , or the right to future shares or debentures in Newco ( perhaps as part of an `` earn-out `` arrangement or deferred consideration ) .
the common types of consideration paid for the [acquiring] of target will be cash , debentures in newco , shares in newco , or the right to future shares or debentures in newco ( perhaps as part of an `` earn-out `` arrangement or deferred consideration ) .

Typically the right crystallises if Target meets certain defined profitability targets after the acquisition .
typically the right crystallises if target meets certain defined profitability targets after the [acquiring] .

There are various reasons why it might be desirable to transfer Target 's business to Newco after the acquisition .
there are various reasons why it might be desirable to transfer target 's business to newco after the [acquiring] .

It is inadvisable for the hive-up to be effected as part of Newco 's acquisition of Target .
it is inadvisable for the hive-up to be effected as part of newco 's [acquiring] of target .

This is because the Inland Revenue could then argue that Target did not beneficially own the trade at completion of Newco 's acquisition of Target , so as to be able to dispose of it to Newco and fulfil the conditions of s343 .
this is because the inland revenue could then argue that target did not beneficially own the trade at completion of newco 's [acquiring] of target , so as to be able to dispose of it to newco and fulfil the conditions of s343 .

Accordingly , it is best if the hive-up is deferred until , say , the end of the month in which the acquisition occurred at the earliest ( using a month-end will make the accounting treatment easier ) .
accordingly , it is best if the hive-up is deferred until , say , the end of the month in which the [acquiring] occurred at the earliest ( using a month-end will make the accounting treatment easier ) .

On a buy-in of shares there will not be the opportunity for Target to defer the payment of consideration to departing shareholders in a tax-efficient manner , whereas on an acquisition of Target by Newco there can be a share-for-debenture exchange as described in 5.2.4 above .
on a buy-in of shares there will not be the opportunity for target to defer the payment of consideration to departing shareholders in a tax-efficient manner , whereas on an [acquiring] of target by newco there can be a share-for-debenture exchange as described in 5.2.4 above .

Also briefly discussed are the sale and purchase agreement in so far as it is inconsistent with that for a normal corporate acquisition , and the managers ' service agreements .
also briefly discussed are the sale and purchase agreement in so far as it is inconsistent with that for a normal corporate [acquiring] , and the managers ' service agreements .

They are likely to include the following : ( a ) the execution and exchange of the acquisition agreement ( by which Newco will buy the business from the vendor ) ; ( b ) the managers having subscribed in cash for ordinary shares in Newco ; ( c ) the passing of any necessary shareholders ' resolutions ; ( d ) receipt by the investors of a satisfactory accountants ' report , audited accounts and management accounts ; ( e ) the managers having entered into service agreements ; ( f ) receipt by the investors of certificates of title ; ( g ) the investors being satisfied with the loan and banking facilities being provided to Newco ; ( h ) keyman insurance having been taken out for the benefit of the company over the lives of each of the managers .
they are likely to include the following : ( a ) the execution and exchange of the [acquiring] agreement ( by which newco will buy the business from the vendor ) ; ( b ) the managers having subscribed in cash for ordinary shares in newco ; ( c ) the passing of any necessary shareholders ' resolutions ; ( d ) receipt by the investors of a satisfactory accountants ' report , audited accounts and management accounts ; ( e ) the managers having entered into service agreements ; ( f ) receipt by the investors of certificates of title ; ( g ) the investors being satisfied with the loan and banking facilities being provided to newco ; ( h ) keyman insurance having been taken out for the benefit of the company over the lives of each of the managers .

The equity investors will be closely involved with the negotiation of the acquisition agreement , partly to lend their experience to the buy-out team , but more importantly to protect their future investment .
the equity investors will be closely involved with the negotiation of the [acquiring] agreement , partly to lend their experience to the buy-out team , but more importantly to protect their future investment .

For example : In the event that any person or persons who was or were not a member or members of the Company on the date of the adoption of these Articles ( `` the Acquiring Member `` ) either alone or in concert ( as such expression is defined in the City Code on Takeovers and Mergers ) with any other person ( s ) , shall become beneficially entitled to more than [ 50 ] % of the issued Ordinary Share Capital of the Company after the date of adoption of these Articles he shall forthwith be required to serve notice on each of the holders of the Ordinary Share Capital of the Company that he is so beneficially entitled and shall thereupon be bound to offer to purchase the remaining shares in the Ordinary Share Capital of the Company at a price per share ( `` the Acquisition Price `` ) equal to the highest price per share paid by the Acquiring Member for such shares in the Company acquired by him .
for example : in the event that any person or persons who was or were not a member or members of the company on the date of the adoption of these articles ( `` the acquiring member `` ) either alone or in concert ( as such expression is defined in the city code on takeovers and mergers ) with any other person ( s ) , shall become beneficially entitled to more than [ 50 ] % of the issued ordinary share capital of the company after the date of adoption of these articles he shall forthwith be required to serve notice on each of the holders of the ordinary share capital of the company that he is so beneficially entitled and shall thereupon be bound to offer to purchase the remaining shares in the ordinary share capital of the company at a price per share ( `` the [acquiring] price `` ) equal to the highest price per share paid by the acquiring member for such shares in the company acquired by him .

The acquisition by the corporate purchaser may be the purchase of the vendor 's entire assets and undertaking .
the [acquiring] by the corporate purchaser may be the purchase of the vendor 's entire assets and undertaking .

Subject to the importance of the property assets as part of the business acquisition , it is advisable that the purchaser 's solicitors carry out a full investigation of title to establish that the purchaser will acquire the property assets free from any adverse encumbrances , obligations or restrictions .
subject to the importance of the property assets as part of the business [acquiring] , it is advisable that the purchaser 's solicitors carry out a full investigation of title to establish that the purchaser will acquire the property assets free from any adverse encumbrances , obligations or restrictions .

There is a further comparison in the case of an acquisition by a listed purchaser .
there is a further comparison in the case of an [acquiring] by a listed purchaser .

The acquisition will be a reverse takeover if the purchaser , being a listed company , issues to the vendor as consideration for the asset sale , shares in the purchaser which are equal to or greater than 30 per cent of the issued share capital of the purchaser .
the [acquiring] will be a reverse takeover if the purchaser , being a listed company , issues to the vendor as consideration for the asset sale , shares in the purchaser which are equal to or greater than 30 per cent of the issued share capital of the purchaser .

In a rights issue the purchaser offers to its existing shareholders the right to subscribe in cash for such number of shares in proportion to their existing holdings as will raise a sum ( after deduction of the rights issue costs ) equal to the consideration needed for the acquisition .
in a rights issue the purchaser offers to its existing shareholders the right to subscribe in cash for such number of shares in proportion to their existing holdings as will raise a sum ( after deduction of the rights issue costs ) equal to the consideration needed for the [acquiring] .

If a purchaser is concerned , it is suggested that it may be appropriate to seek one or more independent valuations of the business though this will of course increase the acquisition costs .
if a purchaser is concerned , it is suggested that it may be appropriate to seek one or more independent valuations of the business though this will of course increase the [acquiring] costs .

Firstly , during the negotiations the purchaser will naturally be concerned to be reassured as to what it saw at the outset as being the merits of the proposed acquisition .
firstly , during the negotiations the purchaser will naturally be concerned to be reassured as to what it saw at the outset as being the merits of the proposed [acquiring] .

The case is thought to be the first test of the obligation under the Acquisition of Land Act 1981 to provide new land of `` equal advantage `` where public open space is lost through a compulsory purchase .
the case is thought to be the first test of the obligation under the [acquiring] of land act 1981 to provide new land of `` equal advantage `` where public open space is lost through a compulsory purchase .

Although first language acquisition is strictly related to the development of social identity , Watts ' conclusions that a certain set of perceptions is characteristic of Swiss-German readers ( p. 37 ) and that it `` may be traced back to the kind of socialization into literacy `` ( p. 39 ) are debatable mainly because the presented responses seem to be applicable to various categories of readers .
although first language [acquiring] is strictly related to the development of social identity , watts ' conclusions that a certain set of perceptions is characteristic of swiss-german readers ( p. 37 ) and that it `` may be traced back to the kind of socialization into literacy `` ( p. 39 ) are debatable mainly because the presented responses seem to be applicable to various categories of readers .

Their most striking success had been the gradual acquisition of the Touraine , inch by inch , castle by castle , at the expense of their eastern neighbours , the Counts of Blois .
their most striking success had been the gradual [acquiring] of the touraine , inch by inch , castle by castle , at the expense of their eastern neighbours , the counts of blois .

Then with the acquisition of Gascony in the mid-eleventh century they became rulers of Bordeaux and overlords of a number of counties and lordships extending from the mouth of the Garonne to the Pyrenees , in area about twice the size of Poitou .
then with the [acquiring] of gascony in the mid-eleventh century they became rulers of bordeaux and overlords of a number of counties and lordships extending from the mouth of the garonne to the pyrenees , in area about twice the size of poitou .

Those living in mid-water or along the shores have different problems and requirements , but for them too , the acquisition of a swim-bladder has had a potent effect on structure , for it has freed their body fins for all kinds of purposes .
those living in mid-water or along the shores have different problems and requirements , but for them too , the [acquiring] of a swim-bladder has had a potent effect on structure , for it has freed their body fins for all kinds of purposes .

The acquisition of a swim-bladder brought the possibility of further improvements in both receiving and -transmitting sound .
the [acquiring] of a swim-bladder brought the possibility of further improvements in both receiving and -transmitting sound .

Here Donaldson draws attention to the importance of the new systems of representation that children encounter in school , in the acquisition of literacy and numeracy .
here donaldson draws attention to the importance of the new systems of representation that children encounter in school , in the [acquiring] of literacy and numeracy .

While the abilities to read , write , and be numerate are essential for negotiating one 's way in society , their acquisition also has a profound impact on the nature of mental life .
while the abilities to read , write , and be numerate are essential for negotiating one 's way in society , their [acquiring] also has a profound impact on the nature of mental life .

Given the abstract nature of our alphabetic system for representing language , and the abstract nature of our wholly context-free numerical system , their acquisition is far from immediate or straightforward .
given the abstract nature of our alphabetic system for representing language , and the abstract nature of our wholly context-free numerical system , their [acquiring] is far from immediate or straightforward .

Their acquisition takes time , problems arise , children become puzzled , and they have to consider possibilities and alternatives .
their [acquiring] takes time , problems arise , children become puzzled , and they have to consider possibilities and alternatives .

The chapter by Eve Clark focuses on young children 's acquisition of word meanings .
the chapter by eve clark focuses on young children 's [acquiring] of word meanings .

Building a vocabulary is fundamental to children 's acquisition of language .
building a vocabulary is fundamental to children 's [acquiring] of language .

After several decades of charting children 's vocabulary growth in the first half of the twentieth century , researchers began to focus on children 's acquisition of grammar-the rules for combining words into the sequences permissible in a language like English , e.g .
after several decades of charting children 's vocabulary growth in the first half of the twentieth century , researchers began to focus on children 's [acquiring] of grammar-the rules for combining words into the sequences permissible in a language like english , e.g .

Since then , researchers in language acquisition have shown that children play an active role in extracting regularities from the language around them .
since then , researchers in language [acquiring] have shown that children play an active role in extracting regularities from the language around them .

When , then , do children begin to observe Conventionality and Contrast ? And what consequences do these principles have for children 's acquisition of the lexicon ?
when , then , do children begin to observe conventionality and contrast ? and what consequences do these principles have for children 's [acquiring] of the lexicon ?

For example , although they may initially over-extend a word like dog to a variety of different four-legged mammals , they cease to apply it to any part of the domain newly taken over with the acquisition of a new word .
for example , although they may initially over-extend a word like dog to a variety of different four-legged mammals , they cease to apply it to any part of the domain newly taken over with the [acquiring] of a new word .

This principle , then , makes certain general predictions about acquisition .
this principle , then , makes certain general predictions about [acquiring] .

Children coin many words in the early stages of acquisition in order to fill what , for them , are gaps in the lexicon .
children coin many words in the early stages of [acquiring] in order to fill what , for them , are gaps in the lexicon .

( 1967 ) and Wannemacher and Ryan ( 1978 ) , offer further support for children 's observance of Contrast in their acquisition of more and less .
( 1967 ) and wannemacher and ryan ( 1978 ) , offer further support for children 's observance of contrast in their [acquiring] of more and less .

Lexical development offers critical insights into the process of language acquisition .
lexical development offers critical insights into the process of language [acquiring] .

What pragmatic principles govern lexical acquisition ?
what pragmatic principles govern lexical [acquiring] ?

The term ‘ support ’ is used in a way analogous to the notion of ‘ scaffolding ’ in some accounts of language acquisition ( Bruner , 1983 ) .
the term ‘ support ’ is used in a way analogous to the notion of ‘ scaffolding ’ in some accounts of language [acquiring] ( bruner , 1983 ) .

According to Smith and Goodman , the reason is that systematic attempts to teach reading have interfered with the natural processes of language learning , processes already well developed during the acquisition of speech .
according to smith and goodman , the reason is that systematic attempts to teach reading have interfered with the natural processes of language learning , processes already well developed during the [acquiring] of speech .

To understand how this view developed we have to recall the effect of the insights into oral language acquisition that came from the work of Chomsky .
to understand how this view developed we have to recall the effect of the insights into oral language [acquiring] that came from the work of chomsky .

For many , including myself , this meant looking at children 's early attempts at reading in the context of what was known about the strength of their urge to find meaning , about their acquisition of grammar and syntax , and about their language awareness .
for many , including myself , this meant looking at children 's early attempts at reading in the context of what was known about the strength of their urge to find meaning , about their [acquiring] of grammar and syntax , and about their language awareness .

In the first place , the ‘ making sense ’ that is the foundation of a young child 's acquisition of speech can operate because the language is met in , and relates directly to , experiences in which the child is immersed .
in the first place , the ‘ making sense ’ that is the foundation of a young child 's [acquiring] of speech can operate because the language is met in , and relates directly to , experiences in which the child is immersed .

It entails the acquisition of a repertoire of words , syntactical forms and organizing principles that are seldom — and sometimes never — heard in unplanned speech ( see , for instance , Perera , 1984 ) .
it entails the [acquiring] of a repertoire of words , syntactical forms and organizing principles that are seldom — and sometimes never — heard in unplanned speech ( see , for instance , perera , 1984 ) .

These were confessions he could not make earlier , when the disavowal of his origins and his deliberate acquisition of Englishness helped to form the remarkable character with which he confronted the world .
these were confessions he could not make earlier , when the disavowal of his origins and his deliberate [acquiring] of englishness helped to form the remarkable character with which he confronted the world .

The recent acquisition of a Tersa cutterblock with a 100mm cutting edge should increase the scope of shaping on the spindle .
the recent [acquiring] of a tersa cutterblock with a 100mm cutting edge should increase the scope of shaping on the spindle .

In school this progressive acquisition of domestic technology was taken for granted , and we felt sorry for those children who lagged behind .
in school this progressive [acquiring] of domestic technology was taken for granted , and we felt sorry for those children who lagged behind .

requiring not only the systematic acquisition of catalogues , bibliographies , reviewing services and lists , but also wherever possible knowledgeable people who can advise on the process and on the items themselves .
requiring not only the systematic [acquiring] of catalogues , bibliographies , reviewing services and lists , but also wherever possible knowledgeable people who can advise on the process and on the items themselves .

( There are young people , functionally illiterate , whose involvement in educational pursuits has been greatly stimulated by allowing them to make slide-sequences or videotapes ; the acquisition of reading skills sometimes comes after the motivation has been established by other communication experiences . )
( there are young people , functionally illiterate , whose involvement in educational pursuits has been greatly stimulated by allowing them to make slide-sequences or videotapes ; the [acquiring] of reading skills sometimes comes after the motivation has been established by other communication experiences . )

Each should respect the other 's strengths : that the teacher can intervene in a positive way to prevent the acquisition of bad learning and reading habits and to ensure that broad aims and objectives are , as far as it is possible to ensure , reached ; and that the librarian , working in a permissive non-authority setting , can by indirection and suggestion , using the child 's natural behaviour and personally chosen interests , foster the development of activities and skills from which learning and motivation arise .
each should respect the other 's strengths : that the teacher can intervene in a positive way to prevent the [acquiring] of bad learning and reading habits and to ensure that broad aims and objectives are , as far as it is possible to ensure , reached ; and that the librarian , working in a permissive non-authority setting , can by indirection and suggestion , using the child 's natural behaviour and personally chosen interests , foster the development of activities and skills from which learning and motivation arise .

There is of course no reason why this should be the way in which library skills are taught , even in library periods ; but the use of resource-based learning as an important strategy in a school gives an excellent opportunity to build in the acquisition and practice of library research skills as part of a " natural situation " .
there is of course no reason why this should be the way in which library skills are taught , even in library periods ; but the use of resource-based learning as an important strategy in a school gives an excellent opportunity to build in the [acquiring] and practice of library research skills as part of a " natural situation " .

The space available to Central Office was increased by the acquisition of St Stephen 's House as well as St Stephen 's Chambers , which had been occupied since 1874 ; the new office cost $ 3,000 a year in rent alone .
the space available to central office was increased by the [acquiring] of st stephen 's house as well as st stephen 's chambers , which had been occupied since 1874 ; the new office cost $ 3,000 a year in rent alone .

At Sussex , David Daiches took the view that the acquisition of knowledge must involve `` a world of cultural understanding that is real `` for the student .
at sussex , david daiches took the view that the [acquiring] of knowledge must involve `` a world of cultural understanding that is real `` for the student .

The invitation underlines the museum 's commitment to Minimalism , where its collection has been greatly strengthened by the acquisition of a substantial body of work from Count Panza di Biumo in 1990 .
the invitation underlines the museum 's commitment to minimalism , where its collection has been greatly strengthened by the [acquiring] of a substantial body of work from count panza di biumo in 1990 .

At a time when the price of an Old Master painting can consume an entire annual acquisition budget , Mr Brown 's burnishing of the gallery 's image may have done more for the permanent collection than is immediately apparent .
at a time when the price of an old master painting can consume an entire annual [acquiring] budget , mr brown 's burnishing of the gallery 's image may have done more for the permanent collection than is immediately apparent .

Ken Benjamin , the West Indian fast bowler , is currently the favourite as Worcestershire 's 1993 acquisition .
ken benjamin , the west indian fast bowler , is currently the favourite as worcestershire 's 1993 [acquiring] .

They also acted for the Trust which owns Canova 's ‘ Three Graces ’ , so nearly exported from the United Kingdom in 1989 , and for Lord Northampton in his acquisition of part of the Roman Sevso treasure , at present the subject of a legal dispute in the New York courts .
they also acted for the trust which owns canova 's ‘ three graces ’ , so nearly exported from the united kingdom in 1989 , and for lord northampton in his [acquiring] of part of the roman sevso treasure , at present the subject of a legal dispute in the new york courts .

First steps in cooperation will include the exchange of acquisition lists and publications , and visits among participating centres .
first steps in cooperation will include the exchange of [acquiring] lists and publications , and visits among participating centres .

Thus criminal law seeks to determine the illegitimate modes of the acquisition of property and therefore is , in part , an integral part of the law of property .
thus criminal law seeks to determine the illegitimate modes of the [acquiring] of property and therefore is , in part , an integral part of the law of property .

Their interest originally lay in Italian mosaics , with the first acquisition made in 1960 .
their interest originally lay in italian mosaics , with the first [acquiring] made in 1960 .

Promising young Persian sculptress , Houshiary , whose ‘ The Earth and the Angel ’ , a recent acquisition by the Tate Gallery , looks particularly handsome in the museum 's New Displays , has created three new sculptures and a suite of large drawings for this exhibition .
promising young persian sculptress , houshiary , whose ‘ the earth and the angel ’ , a recent [acquiring] by the tate gallery , looks particularly handsome in the museum 's new displays , has created three new sculptures and a suite of large drawings for this exhibition .

2 Skills Acquisition and Rehearsal :
2 skills [acquiring] and rehearsal :

In order to prevent the art market from being flooded , the rest will be donated to institutions , such as hospitals , who do not themselves have a separate budget specifically geared to the acquisition of works of art .
in order to prevent the art market from being flooded , the rest will be donated to institutions , such as hospitals , who do not themselves have a separate budget specifically geared to the [acquiring] of works of art .

Clearly the auction house feels that in the light of new revelations about the treasure 's origins , its manner of acquisition and details of falsified export licenses , any attempt to offer it at auction would be bound to result in failure and would not redound to the auction house 's credit .
clearly the auction house feels that in the light of new revelations about the treasure 's origins , its manner of [acquiring] and details of falsified export licenses , any attempt to offer it at auction would be bound to result in failure and would not redound to the auction house 's credit .

The involvement of the late Peter Wilson , former Chairman of Sotheby 's in the acquisition of the treasure and the subsequent syndicate set up with dealer Rainer Zietz to offer the treasure to institutions including the Getty , was published in an article by Geraldine Norman and Thomas Hoving in The Independent in December 1991 .
the involvement of the late peter wilson , former chairman of sotheby 's in the [acquiring] of the treasure and the subsequent syndicate set up with dealer rainer zietz to offer the treasure to institutions including the getty , was published in an article by geraldine norman and thomas hoving in the independent in december 1991 .

The only stipulation by law is that the profits be spent on the acquisition of other items for the collection , which means that a museum will , more than ever before , become the show-case of each successive director 's taste .
the only stipulation by law is that the profits be spent on the [acquiring] of other items for the collection , which means that a museum will , more than ever before , become the show-case of each successive director 's taste .

The acquisition of a new machine may temporarily raise enthusiasm for a particular task , but it does not seem to affect the basic feeling of satisfaction or dissatisfaction :
the [acquiring] of a new machine may temporarily raise enthusiasm for a particular task , but it does not seem to affect the basic feeling of satisfaction or dissatisfaction :

It 's an experience that is undeniably concerned with the acquisition of facts , the deepening and broadening of knowledge and the development of character .
it 's an experience that is undeniably concerned with the [acquiring] of facts , the deepening and broadening of knowledge and the development of character .

Either way , the acquisition of this knowledge is essential , and in the case of computers this represents a considerable problem .
either way , the [acquiring] of this knowledge is essential , and in the case of computers this represents a considerable problem .

In many ways , the issue of knowledge acquisition has been one that has separated the practicable representations of natural language semantics from those that can only remain as theories in textbooks .
in many ways , the issue of knowledge [acquiring] has been one that has separated the practicable representations of natural language semantics from those that can only remain as theories in textbooks .

These knowledge sources are essential to the comprehension of all but the simplest discourse , and hence present a considerable acquisition problem for computers .
these knowledge sources are essential to the comprehension of all but the simplest discourse , and hence present a considerable [acquiring] problem for computers .

The representational aspects of the five theories differ widely , but all suffer from the same problems of knowledge acquisition and inefficiency when implementations are attempted .
the representational aspects of the five theories differ widely , but all suffer from the same problems of knowledge [acquiring] and inefficiency when implementations are attempted .

However , some progress has been made concerning the knowledge acquisition problem : Amsler [ 1982 ] , Calzolari [ 1984 ] , Chodorow [ 1985 ] and Alshawi [ 1988 ] have all demonstrated the use of a machine-readable dictionary in the automatic construction of semantic relations and networks .
however , some progress has been made concerning the knowledge [acquiring] problem : amsler [ 1982 ] , calzolari [ 1984 ] , chodorow [ 1985 ] and alshawi [ 1988 ] have all demonstrated the use of a machine-readable dictionary in the automatic construction of semantic relations and networks .

As with the scripts mentioned above , attempts to represent semantic knowledge in frames have suffered from the problems of relevance and detail , along with the usual acquisition problem .
as with the scripts mentioned above , attempts to represent semantic knowledge in frames have suffered from the problems of relevance and detail , along with the usual [acquiring] problem .

2.3.2 The Acquisition of Semantic Information
2.3.2 the [acquiring] of semantic information

Jacobs [ 1989 ] adds the deficiencies of circularity of definitions and obsolescence to the above ; and argues that MRDs are only a piece of the solution to the lexical acquisition problem .
jacobs [ 1989 ] adds the deficiencies of circularity of definitions and obsolescence to the above ; and argues that mrds are only a piece of the solution to the lexical [acquiring] problem .

The issue of lexical acquisition has been discussed , and a number of suggested improvements to the design of MRDs has been identified .
the issue of lexical [acquiring] has been discussed , and a number of suggested improvements to the design of mrds has been identified .

Firstly , there is the problem of acquisition .
firstly , there is the problem of [acquiring] .

Text such as this may require the acquisition of specialist dictionaries to maintain the high performance shown in other domains .
text such as this may require the [acquiring] of specialist dictionaries to maintain the high performance shown in other domains .

However , if collocations like ’ weak tea ’ and ’ powerful car ’ are so numerous as to evade any method of acquisition other than years of learning , how then should a machine-readable collocation dictionary be compiled ?
however , if collocations like ’ weak tea ’ and ’ powerful car ’ are so numerous as to evade any method of [acquiring] other than years of learning , how then should a machine-readable collocation dictionary be compiled ?

The acquisition of the Longman Corpus enabled investigations to proceed in a more rigorous fashion using much increased test data sample sizes .
the [acquiring] of the longman corpus enabled investigations to proceed in a more rigorous fashion using much increased test data sample sizes .

It is intended therefore to incorporate such information into future acquisition methods , and compare the results with their ’ content-word only ’ predecessors .
it is intended therefore to incorporate such information into future [acquiring] methods , and compare the results with their ’ content-word only ’ predecessors .

Consequently , the next phase of collocation acquisition will be to create a set of uni-directional collocations and compare them with their bi-directional equivalent .
consequently , the next phase of collocation [acquiring] will be to create a set of uni-directional collocations and compare them with their bi-directional equivalent .

The acquisition , representation and use of world knowledge are all highly problematic issues , involving many ( yet ) unanswered questions .
the [acquiring] , representation and use of world knowledge are all highly problematic issues , involving many ( yet ) unanswered questions .

Gloucester 's major gain from the events of 1469 was his acquisition , for the first time , of a recognized sphere of action .
gloucester 's major gain from the events of 1469 was his [acquiring] , for the first time , of a recognized sphere of action .

His major territorial acquisition , the duchy of Lancaster estates in the north west , was already staffed by royal servants who would now look to the duke while retaining their links with the crown .
his major territorial [acquiring] , the duchy of lancaster estates in the north west , was already staffed by royal servants who would now look to the duke while retaining their links with the crown .

As with the Scarborough grant , Gloucester was surrendering land of little value to himself in return for a significant acquisition .
as with the scarborough grant , gloucester was surrendering land of little value to himself in return for a significant [acquiring] .

But Gloucester 's acquisition of Skipton was as much a matter of strengthening existing connections as of creating new ones .
but gloucester 's [acquiring] of skipton was as much a matter of strengthening existing connections as of creating new ones .

The Yorkshire land had all been held by Clarence and the scale of the alienations made in exchange suggests that Gloucester set considerable store by its acquisition .
the yorkshire land had all been held by clarence and the scale of the alienations made in exchange suggests that gloucester set considerable store by its [acquiring] .

The de Vere lands were not Gloucester 's only East Anglian acquisition .
the de vere lands were not gloucester 's only east anglian [acquiring] .

He still kept a significant share of the forfeited de Vere lands in Cambridge and Essex as well as the lands of the countess Elizabeth which , as a private acquisition , were unaffected by the reordering .
he still kept a significant share of the forfeited de vere lands in cambridge and essex as well as the lands of the countess elizabeth which , as a private [acquiring] , were unaffected by the reordering .

The Privy Council is then found referring to arbitration a dispute between two foreigners , hearing the submission and apology of a merchant for speaking offensively about the Queen , instructing sheriffs to send up a note of the number of prisoners in their gaols , ordering mayors of seaports to prepare private ships to serve in the navy against the expected Spanish invasion , telling its agents at the Hague to arrange for the purchase of matches for guns , sending off various warrants , organizing the acquisition of copper for the Queen 's service , delegating the decision in a legal action to the J.P.s of Bedfordshire , permitting the taking of a collection on behalf of a Cornish village despoiled by Spaniards , and writing to the Lord Mayor of London about a complaint against his predecessor .
the privy council is then found referring to arbitration a dispute between two foreigners , hearing the submission and apology of a merchant for speaking offensively about the queen , instructing sheriffs to send up a note of the number of prisoners in their gaols , ordering mayors of seaports to prepare private ships to serve in the navy against the expected spanish invasion , telling its agents at the hague to arrange for the purchase of matches for guns , sending off various warrants , organizing the [acquiring] of copper for the queen 's service , delegating the decision in a legal action to the j.p.s of bedfordshire , permitting the taking of a collection on behalf of a cornish village despoiled by spaniards , and writing to the lord mayor of london about a complaint against his predecessor .

carries on the business of financing the acquisition of goods by others by means of such agreements ; and
carries on the business of financing the [acquiring] of goods by others by means of such agreements ; and

in the course of that business acquired his interest in the article or substance supplied to the customer as a means of financing its acquisition by the customer from a third person ( ‘ the effective supplier ’ ) , the effective supplier and not the ostensible supplier shall be treated for the purposes of this Article as supplying the article or substance to the customer , and any duty imposed by this Article on suppliers shall accordingly fall on the effective supplier and not on the ostensible supplier . ’
in the course of that business acquired his interest in the article or substance supplied to the customer as a means of financing its [acquiring] by the customer from a third person ( ‘ the effective supplier ’ ) , the effective supplier and not the ostensible supplier shall be treated for the purposes of this article as supplying the article or substance to the customer , and any duty imposed by this article on suppliers shall accordingly fall on the effective supplier and not on the ostensible supplier . ’

to control the keeping and use of explosive or highly flammable or otherwise dangerous substances , and generally to prevent the unlawful acquisition , possession and use of such substances .
to control the keeping and use of explosive or highly flammable or otherwise dangerous substances , and generally to prevent the unlawful [acquiring] , possession and use of such substances .

The paper by Wells reports some findings from a British longitudinal study of child language acquisition that has made extensive naturalistic recordings of adults and children 's speech both at home and school .
the paper by wells reports some findings from a british longitudinal study of child language [acquiring] that has made extensive naturalistic recordings of adults and children 's speech both at home and school .

The war marked Japan 's acquisition of her first colonies , and made her a force to be reckoned with in East Asian affairs .
the war marked japan 's [acquiring] of her first colonies , and made her a force to be reckoned with in east asian affairs .

With control over Korea and Taiwan secure , Japan 's eyes turned to the territories of Northeast China and Manchuria , and Japan 's search for the acquisition of control over greater portions of Asian territory governed the development of Asian Japanese relations during the four decades up to 1945 .
with control over korea and taiwan secure , japan 's eyes turned to the territories of northeast china and manchuria , and japan 's search for the [acquiring] of control over greater portions of asian territory governed the development of asian japanese relations during the four decades up to 1945 .

The acquisition of Korea was followed by the 1911 Chinese revolution and the fall of the Qing dynasty .
the [acquiring] of korea was followed by the 1911 chinese revolution and the fall of the qing dynasty .

For the new regime to achieve the economic and political status of a national government — unlike the Bakufu — meant the acquisition of undisputed political control over all parts of the country and the unquestioned right to tap its economic resources .
for the new regime to achieve the economic and political status of a national government — unlike the bakufu — meant the [acquiring] of undisputed political control over all parts of the country and the unquestioned right to tap its economic resources .

These shares may then be cancelled unless they are resold within three years from their acquisition .
these shares may then be cancelled unless they are resold within three years from their [acquiring] .

The centralized administration of the courts , and the acquisition of new responsibilities , has given the Lord Chancellor 's Department more of a leading role in the operation of criminal justice .
the centralized administration of the courts , and the [acquiring] of new responsibilities , has given the lord chancellor 's department more of a leading role in the operation of criminal justice .

William Bullock knew how to exploit his acquisition , and doubtless von Keller profited by publishing his ‘ narrative ’ for the benefit of the museum 's visitors .
william bullock knew how to exploit his [acquiring] , and doubtless von keller profited by publishing his ‘ narrative ’ for the benefit of the museum 's visitors .

It passed through several hands between its capture by Maj von Keller on 18 June 1815 and its acquisition by Madame Tussaud 's in 1842 .
it passed through several hands between its capture by maj von keller on 18 june 1815 and its [acquiring] by madame tussaud 's in 1842 .

This is apparent in their claim that differences in intellectual performances of modern and traditional societies are ‘ sufficiently deep and of sufficient significance to warrant , at least in a literate society , the continued emphasis on schooling and the acquisition of literacy ’ ( ibid .
this is apparent in their claim that differences in intellectual performances of modern and traditional societies are ‘ sufficiently deep and of sufficient significance to warrant , at least in a literate society , the continued emphasis on schooling and the [acquiring] of literacy ’ ( ibid .

Finding no answers , partly because they do not spend much time looking for them , they assume that it can not be true ; the differences must be ‘ sufficiently deep and of sufficient significance to warrant , at least in a literate society , the continued emphasis on schooling and the acquisition of literacy ’ ( ibid . )
finding no answers , partly because they do not spend much time looking for them , they assume that it can not be true ; the differences must be ‘ sufficiently deep and of sufficient significance to warrant , at least in a literate society , the continued emphasis on schooling and the [acquiring] of literacy ’ ( ibid . )

In other words it is the development of literate modes of communication that provides the basis for making a distinction between two kinds of society , and those modes themselves have determining effects : if some societies are more ‘ scientific ’ and ‘ logical ’ than others , it is not on account of the nature of their thought processes but because their acquisition of literacy has released these capacities .
in other words it is the development of literate modes of communication that provides the basis for making a distinction between two kinds of society , and those modes themselves have determining effects : if some societies are more ‘ scientific ’ and ‘ logical ’ than others , it is not on account of the nature of their thought processes but because their [acquiring] of literacy has released these capacities .

Nozick , for example , formulates an entitlement theory of justice , in which a person 's property holdings are just if they are acquired through some just act of original acquisition or by some just transfer .
nozick , for example , formulates an entitlement theory of justice , in which a person 's property holdings are just if they are acquired through some just act of original [acquiring] or by some just transfer .

The harmony of the guiding principles of the constitution had been threatened by the rise of party government and by the acquisition of powers by government .
the harmony of the guiding principles of the constitution had been threatened by the rise of party government and by the [acquiring] of powers by government .

Each of the practices reported some improvement in the provision of hospital care or practice services that they felt could be attributed to the acquisition of fundholding status .
each of the practices reported some improvement in the provision of hospital care or practice services that they felt could be attributed to the [acquiring] of fundholding status .

one-off costs , including equipment and software acquisition , licence fees , initial staff training and other costs
one-off costs , including equipment and software [acquiring] , licence fees , initial staff training and other costs

In this pleasant and mostly satisfying environment , the personal stage of role acquisition occurs .
in this pleasant and mostly satisfying environment , the personal stage of role [acquiring] occurs .

When we join the group as a new member we may sense these norms and question their relevance but , if group membership is vital to our role acquisition , we will accept the irrelevant norm merely to establish our intention to conform and thereby hasten our acceptance by the group .
when we join the group as a new member we may sense these norms and question their relevance but , if group membership is vital to our role [acquiring] , we will accept the irrelevant norm merely to establish our intention to conform and thereby hasten our acceptance by the group .

Individual members can be strengthened by the acquisition of personal and committee staff , whereas the legislature as a whole can , by employing its own bureaucracy , better compete with the vast bureaucracy of the executive branch .
individual members can be strengthened by the [acquiring] of personal and committee staff , whereas the legislature as a whole can , by employing its own bureaucracy , better compete with the vast bureaucracy of the executive branch .

There is also evidence of slower acquisition of language and , in the school years , a higher frequency of learning difficulties and behavioural disturbance — hyperactivity , anxiety , and poor concentration being prominent features .
there is also evidence of slower [acquiring] of language and , in the school years , a higher frequency of learning difficulties and behavioural disturbance — hyperactivity , anxiety , and poor concentration being prominent features .

Delayed acquisition of speech
delayed [acquiring] of speech

As the century wore on , the returning prosperity of the countryside brought a markedly higher standard of living in its train for those best able to exploit their opportunities ; , the revival of trade facilitated the acquisition of luxuries .
as the century wore on , the returning prosperity of the countryside brought a markedly higher standard of living in its train for those best able to exploit their opportunities ; , the revival of trade facilitated the [acquiring] of luxuries .

Acquisition of More Resources
[acquiring] of more resources

Acquisition of a faster processor or larger memory would involve replacement of the mainframe .
[acquiring] of a faster processor or larger memory would involve replacement of the mainframe .

Some degree of structural pre-adaptation to the task on the part of the learner is assumed , of course , but in this account the main burden of explanation for the course taken in acquisition falls on the input .
some degree of structural pre-adaptation to the task on the part of the learner is assumed , of course , but in this account the main burden of explanation for the course taken in [acquiring] falls on the input .

They proposed that more open-ended questioning and more pupil talk were vital in reading acquisition .
they proposed that more open-ended questioning and more pupil talk were vital in reading [acquiring] .

The argument is thus that the major purpose behind project work from a teacher 's point of view should be skill development rather than knowledge acquisition .
the argument is thus that the major purpose behind project work from a teacher 's point of view should be skill development rather than knowledge [acquiring] .

In these instances the segments differ little in size and proportions , but with the acquisition of wings a correlated specialization of the thorax usually results .
in these instances the segments differ little in size and proportions , but with the [acquiring] of wings a correlated specialization of the thorax usually results .

The Wing-coupling Apparatus — There seems little doubt that in the primitive Pterygota the fore and hind pairs of wings moved independently of each other ( as in the Isoptera and Odonata ) , and that coincidence of motion was a later acquisition associated with the development of a wing-coupling apparatus ( Fig .
the wing-coupling apparatus — there seems little doubt that in the primitive pterygota the fore and hind pairs of wings moved independently of each other ( as in the isoptera and odonata ) , and that coincidence of motion was a later [acquiring] associated with the development of a wing-coupling apparatus ( fig .

Central to his description of dreaming is the suspension of volition , `` and in respect to the mind , we never exercise our reason or recollection in dreams ; we may sometimes seem distracted between contending passions , but we never compare their objects , or deliberate about the acquisition of these objects … `` This observation , that we remain uncritical observers in dreaming , forms an important part of some recent theorizing about dreaming by the psychophysiologist Allan Rechtschaffen , who has described dreams as being `` isolated `` and even `` unimaginative `` in the sense that we can not imagine something else during the action of a dream .
central to his description of dreaming is the suspension of volition , `` and in respect to the mind , we never exercise our reason or recollection in dreams ; we may sometimes seem distracted between contending passions , but we never compare their objects , or deliberate about the [acquiring] of these objects … `` this observation , that we remain uncritical observers in dreaming , forms an important part of some recent theorizing about dreaming by the psychophysiologist allan rechtschaffen , who has described dreams as being `` isolated `` and even `` unimaginative `` in the sense that we can not imagine something else during the action of a dream .

Not least amongst these reports are those of Brake ( 1980 ) , Rudduck and Hopkins ( 1984 ) , Hounsell and Martin ( 1983 ) and Tabberer and Allman ( 1983 ) , all of which argue the need to promote the acquisition of a broad range of information-handling skills in line with both the growth of information technology and the increasing emphasis on self-directed learning .
not least amongst these reports are those of brake ( 1980 ) , rudduck and hopkins ( 1984 ) , hounsell and martin ( 1983 ) and tabberer and allman ( 1983 ) , all of which argue the need to promote the [acquiring] of a broad range of information-handling skills in line with both the growth of information technology and the increasing emphasis on self-directed learning .

Stage 2 is the selection , ordering and acquisition of book and non-book material purchased through the project grant , up to and including the utilisation of those resources by the children themselves .
stage 2 is the selection , ordering and [acquiring] of book and non-book material purchased through the project grant , up to and including the utilisation of those resources by the children themselves .

This she was able to do , but the evaluators found that many of the books had never been opened and that most of them bore no issue dates , even though it was three years since their acquisition .
this she was able to do , but the evaluators found that many of the books had never been opened and that most of them bore no issue dates , even though it was three years since their [acquiring] .

Evidence of a young person 's success in Compact terms , is evidence of conscientiousness , punctuality and reliability , and of the acquisition of basic skills .
evidence of a young person 's success in compact terms , is evidence of conscientiousness , punctuality and reliability , and of the [acquiring] of basic skills .

Appointment and subsequent promotion depend upon the possession or acquisition of appropriate qualifications ( see Ch.9 ) .
appointment and subsequent promotion depend upon the possession or [acquiring] of appropriate qualifications ( see ch.9 ) .

Capital expenditure is defined ( Local Government and Housing Act 1989 : Clause 40 ) in terms of the acquisition or enhancement of land , roads , buildings and other structures , together with the acquisition of plant , machinery and apparatus , and vehicles and vessels .
capital expenditure is defined ( local government and housing act 1989 : clause 40 ) in terms of the [acquiring] or enhancement of land , roads , buildings and other structures , together with the [acquiring] of plant , machinery and apparatus , and vehicles and vessels .

In complex and highly differentiated societies there is such an abundance of different sorts of skills and knowledge which one might learn that a reliance on informal means for their successful acquisition would be useless .
in complex and highly differentiated societies there is such an abundance of different sorts of skills and knowledge which one might learn that a reliance on informal means for their successful [acquiring] would be useless .

The socialisation process pupils encounter in schools therefore involves not only the acquisition of formally defined skills , but also the gaining of many other social skills , such as learning how to live in a group and how to respond to those in authority .
the socialisation process pupils encounter in schools therefore involves not only the [acquiring] of formally defined skills , but also the gaining of many other social skills , such as learning how to live in a group and how to respond to those in authority .

From these examples it is clear that the acquisition of fundamental human characteristics does not occur instinctively ; indeed , such behaviour is predominantly shaped by an individual 's immediate social environment .
from these examples it is clear that the [acquiring] of fundamental human characteristics does not occur instinctively ; indeed , such behaviour is predominantly shaped by an individual 's immediate social environment .

We must also consider the opportunity that some occupations have for deliberately restricting access to the acquisition of the skills needed to do the job , thereby keeping down their distribution amongst the population , and enabling them to claim higher rewards in the market place .
we must also consider the opportunity that some occupations have for deliberately restricting access to the [acquiring] of the skills needed to do the job , thereby keeping down their distribution amongst the population , and enabling them to claim higher rewards in the market place .

Two Phillips & Drew analysts , for example , have just shown how Coloroll ‘ created ’ its 1988–89 profits by writing off the goodwill on the Crowther carpet acquisition — the very buy that broke its back .
two phillips & drew analysts , for example , have just shown how coloroll ‘ created ’ its 1988–89 profits by writing off the goodwill on the crowther carpet [acquiring] — the very buy that broke its back .

The criminogenic nature of the social system , as it was described , was that honest labour was rewarded only with poverty-level wages and filthy cellar homes , while the ruling class indulged itself in idle luxury ‘ enshrined in palaces , furnished in a style of Oriental splendour ’ , thus encouraging the lower orders to improvise their own short-cut to the universal aspiration of acquisition :
the criminogenic nature of the social system , as it was described , was that honest labour was rewarded only with poverty-level wages and filthy cellar homes , while the ruling class indulged itself in idle luxury ‘ enshrined in palaces , furnished in a style of oriental splendour ’ , thus encouraging the lower orders to improvise their own short-cut to the universal aspiration of [acquiring] :

Since the acquisition of beautiful paintings and objects became one of the ways to clambering up the slippery social slopes this sort of chatter has become jet-propelled .
since the [acquiring] of beautiful paintings and objects became one of the ways to clambering up the slippery social slopes this sort of chatter has become jet-propelled .

The possibility of achieving the semblance of virtue by working at standing high in the teacher 's estimation , seems to us a perfect nursery for the acquisition of the criminal or exploitative view of the social world .
the possibility of achieving the semblance of virtue by working at standing high in the teacher 's estimation , seems to us a perfect nursery for the [acquiring] of the criminal or exploitative view of the social world .

The second , the within-group development process , is concerned with the establishment of certain well-defined status positions within each group and with the acquisition of the appropriate social knowledge to equip a member to ‘ carry off ’ the performances required by such roles .
the second , the within-group development process , is concerned with the establishment of certain well-defined status positions within each group and with the [acquiring] of the appropriate social knowledge to equip a member to ‘ carry off ’ the performances required by such roles .

Novices who had been in the London Road End for at least a good part of one season displayed quite a detailed acquisition of social knowledge which was appropriate to correct conduct in the Rowdies .
novices who had been in the london road end for at least a good part of one season displayed quite a detailed [acquiring] of social knowledge which was appropriate to correct conduct in the rowdies .

However , it was the family of Diana 's mother , the Fermoys , with their roots in Ireland and connections in the United States , who were responsible for the acquisition of Park House , her childhood home in Norfolk .
however , it was the family of diana 's mother , the fermoys , with their roots in ireland and connections in the united states , who were responsible for the [acquiring] of park house , her childhood home in norfolk .

The business user decides how to describe the acquisition and puts it through the accounts or arranges finance through one of his existing sources of funding .
the business user decides how to describe the [acquiring] and puts it through the accounts or arranges finance through one of his existing sources of funding .

For to compensate for any increased leisure time which the acquisition of machinery could bring , women are encouraged to be generally more house-proud .
for to compensate for any increased leisure time which the [acquiring] of machinery could bring , women are encouraged to be generally more house-proud .

Furthermore … in an individual 's experience the acquisition of rites and beliefs precedes the emotions which are said to accompany them later in adult life .
furthermore … in an individual 's experience the [acquiring] of rites and beliefs precedes the emotions which are said to accompany them later in adult life .

The acquisition of experience in an alpine mountaineer is essentially the cultivation of these two mental qualities .
the [acquiring] of experience in an alpine mountaineer is essentially the cultivation of these two mental qualities .

Not the calculations and the endless reiterated pitting of timed and manufactured strength against rock or concrete for the acquisition of a cipher , but the spontaneity and the exultation within ; the freedom , the redemption from the stale routines of life .
not the calculations and the endless reiterated pitting of timed and manufactured strength against rock or concrete for the [acquiring] of a cipher , but the spontaneity and the exultation within ; the freedom , the redemption from the stale routines of life .

Then an important acquisition for Minerva in Günter Grass ' The Call of the Toad ; and Lisa St Aubin de Terán has a new one in Nocturne ( Penguin ) .
then an important [acquiring] for minerva in günter grass ' the call of the toad ; and lisa st aubin de terán has a new one in nocturne ( penguin ) .

The triggers for Britain 's nuclear bombs were tested within their thick concrete walls and they housed the first experiments into radar.The buildings , on a remote spit of land on the Suffolk coast , may not be the oldest but they are certainly among the most historic and sinister in the ownership of the National Trust.They are on Orford Ness , a desolate wildlife haven , which has become the Trust 's latest acquisition at a cost of £3.5 million.Yesterday , in pouring rain and silence broken only by the eerie shriek of gulls , the buildings were shown to journalists for what is thought to be the first time since they were erected.Strands of barbed wire and a Ministry of Defence ‘ keep out ’ notice are now the only remaining evidence of the tight security , overseen by armed guards , which surrounded one of Britain 's most secret research establishments .
the triggers for britain 's nuclear bombs were tested within their thick concrete walls and they housed the first experiments into radar.the buildings , on a remote spit of land on the suffolk coast , may not be the oldest but they are certainly among the most historic and sinister in the ownership of the national trust.they are on orford ness , a desolate wildlife haven , which has become the trust 's latest [acquiring] at a cost of £3.5 million.yesterday , in pouring rain and silence broken only by the eerie shriek of gulls , the buildings were shown to journalists for what is thought to be the first time since they were erected.strands of barbed wire and a ministry of defence ‘ keep out ’ notice are now the only remaining evidence of the tight security , overseen by armed guards , which surrounded one of britain 's most secret research establishments .

It will include the acquisition of non-destructive testing equipment for pipe-work and the training of Russian operators .
it will include the [acquiring] of non-destructive testing equipment for pipe-work and the training of russian operators .

Following the review of the British Library 's acquisition and retention policies , published in 1989 , a Working Group , including the National Library of Scotland , has been considering the scope for co-ordinating collection policies among the legal deposit libraries .
following the review of the british library 's [acquiring] and retention policies , published in 1989 , a working group , including the national library of scotland , has been considering the scope for co-ordinating collection policies among the legal deposit libraries .

The most expensive in terms of price , and the most valuable in itself , was undoubtedly the acquisition of a very large collection of the literary manuscripts of Hugh MacDiarmid .
the most expensive in terms of price , and the most valuable in itself , was undoubtedly the [acquiring] of a very large collection of the literary manuscripts of hugh macdiarmid .

Stanley Simpson , who has devoted much of his career in the Library to modern literary manuscripts , examines part of the Hugh MacDiarmid collection , possibly the year 's most significant acquisition .
stanley simpson , who has devoted much of his career in the library to modern literary manuscripts , examines part of the hugh macdiarmid collection , possibly the year 's most significant [acquiring] .

On the historical side , the most important acquisition was a letter of Mary Queen of Scots to the Earl of Leicester , 1567 , in which she asks for his assistance in promoting a good relationship between her and Queen Elizabeth .
on the historical side , the most important [acquiring] was a letter of mary queen of scots to the earl of leicester , 1567 , in which she asks for his assistance in promoting a good relationship between her and queen elizabeth .

The Map Library 's purchasing policy has to keep a balance between the acquisition of early maps and atlases of Scottish interest and association , and the need to provide an up-to-date collection of maps , atlases and reference works relating to all aspects of cartography and all parts of the world .
the map library 's purchasing policy has to keep a balance between the [acquiring] of early maps and atlases of scottish interest and association , and the need to provide an up-to-date collection of maps , atlases and reference works relating to all aspects of cartography and all parts of the world .

The acquisition of two small , purpose-built , exhibition cases , allowing the display of larger sheet maps , has permitted Map Library staff to present monthly exhibitions on Level 4 of the Causewayside Building .
the [acquiring] of two small , purpose-built , exhibition cases , allowing the display of larger sheet maps , has permitted map library staff to present monthly exhibitions on level 4 of the causewayside building .

Hygiene took a new acquisition under its wing at the beginning of August .
hygiene took a new [acquiring] under its wing at the beginning of august .

As General Manager David Lynch said , ‘ this acquisition is clearly an important step forward in developing our drains business for the future and has significantly increased our expertise in this service .
as general manager david lynch said , ‘ this [acquiring] is clearly an important step forward in developing our drains business for the future and has significantly increased our expertise in this service .

( a ) Prepare a Journal entry in the books of Sour Ltd , without narrations , to record the acquisition by Sour Ltd of the additional 30% shareholding in Crowt Ltd for Cash and Debentures .
( a ) prepare a journal entry in the books of sour ltd , without narrations , to record the [acquiring] by sour ltd of the additional 30% shareholding in crowt ltd for cash and debentures .

Supported Distance Learning is seen to be a highly cost-effective way of teaching English in Eastern Europe , where the acquisition of the international language of business is essential for the regeneration of a free market economy .
supported distance learning is seen to be a highly cost-effective way of teaching english in eastern europe , where the [acquiring] of the international language of business is essential for the regeneration of a free market economy .

Maintenance staff at Sullom Voe are now getting to parts of the plant other standard lifting equipment can not reach following the acquisition of a new 90-tonne mobile crane and two articulated telescopic boom working platforms .
maintenance staff at sullom voe are now getting to parts of the plant other standard lifting equipment can not reach following the [acquiring] of a new 90-tonne mobile crane and two articulated telescopic boom working platforms .

On that occasion , in 1988 , he had barely warmed the chair when reorganisation following the Britoil acquisition saw him move to Buchan .
on that occasion , in 1988 , he had barely warmed the chair when reorganisation following the britoil [acquiring] saw him move to buchan .

‘ It is a case of killing two birds with one stone , with the added advantage of the contractor providing unified management for the entire chain of planning , acquisition and processing , ’ he said .
‘ it is a case of killing two birds with one stone , with the added advantage of the contractor providing unified management for the entire chain of planning , [acquiring] and processing , ’ he said .

The acquisition contractor was Geoteam Exploration , using the vessel Nordic Explorer to deploy four 3000 metre streamers — the first time this had been done in the North Sea .
the [acquiring] contractor was geoteam exploration , using the vessel nordic explorer to deploy four 3000 metre streamers — the first time this had been done in the north sea .

‘ The combination of survey area shape and four streamer/dual source acquisition resulted in very cost effective data acquisition , ’ said Jackson .
‘ the combination of survey area shape and four streamer/dual source [acquiring] resulted in very cost effective data [acquiring] , ’ said jackson .

By taking the computer processing offshore on to the survey boat — the Geco Resolution — for the first survey over a prospect in Block 6 , the seismic team were able to collapse the serial process of acquisition , processing and initial interpretation , to a parallel process .
by taking the computer processing offshore on to the survey boat — the geco resolution — for the first survey over a prospect in block 6 , the seismic team were able to collapse the serial process of [acquiring] , processing and initial interpretation , to a parallel process .

The team succeeded in reducing the turnaround time , from the start of acquisition to the start of interpretation , from an average of 15 months to 11 weeks .
the team succeeded in reducing the turnaround time , from the start of [acquiring] to the start of interpretation , from an average of 15 months to 11 weeks .

The results of companies acquired are included from the effective date of acquisition .
the results of companies acquired are included from the effective date of [acquiring] .

On the acquisition front we retained David , Barry and all the staff at Argyll Services on board in September and now that they 've got used to our paperwork they 'll be looking forward to showing us what they can do in 1993 .
on the [acquiring] front we retained david , barry and all the staff at argyll services on board in september and now that they 've got used to our paperwork they 'll be looking forward to showing us what they can do in 1993 .

Wessex Hygiene , the new acquisition is now part of the Bristol Hygiene branch .
wessex hygiene , the new [acquiring] is now part of the bristol hygiene branch .

Acquisition of qualifications with a ‘ community dimension ’
[acquiring] of qualifications with a ‘ community dimension ’

Requirements should relate to the acquisition of competence rather than to periods or modes or study .
requirements should relate to the [acquiring] of competence rather than to periods or modes or study .

The last 25 years have certainly been an era of growth unparalleled in the company 's long history , and in this period Wedgwood 's formation and development has involved the acquisition of long-established and leading names in the British ceramic tableware and ornamental ware industry .
the last 25 years have certainly been an era of growth unparalleled in the company 's long history , and in this period wedgwood 's formation and development has involved the [acquiring] of long-established and leading names in the british ceramic tableware and ornamental ware industry .

Tropical plant growth was also recently announced through the acquisition of Sinclair Hire Plants of New Zealand .
tropical plant growth was also recently announced through the [acquiring] of sinclair hire plants of new zealand .

time starts to run from the date on which a reasonable person in the position of the plaintiff would have realised he had suffered damage in the form of the acquisition of a defective house .
time starts to run from the date on which a reasonable person in the position of the plaintiff would have realised he had suffered damage in the form of the [acquiring] of a defective house .

This increase partly reflects the benefits derived from the issue of preference capital in September 1992 and March this year , which together totalled $ 250m , and the acquisition of the Prudential non-life business in Canada .
this increase partly reflects the benefits derived from the issue of preference capital in september 1992 and march this year , which together totalled $ 250m , and the [acquiring] of the prudential non-life business in canada .

In Canada , where premium income rose from $ 223.4m to $ 322.5m following the acquisition of the general insurance business of the Prudential Corporation in November 1992 , there was another good performance .
in canada , where premium income rose from $ 223.4m to $ 322.5m following the [acquiring] of the general insurance business of the prudential corporation in november 1992 , there was another good performance .

‘ In Canada , where we have significantly increased our premium income following an important acquisition , we have continued to outperform the market .
‘ in canada , where we have significantly increased our premium income following an important [acquiring] , we have continued to outperform the market .

In Canada , where premium income rose from $ 96.1m to $ 139.8m following the acquisition of the general insurance business of the Prudential Corporation , the deficit for the quarter was up from $ 2.9m to $ 11.8m — a relatively satisfactory performance in difficult market conditions .
in canada , where premium income rose from $ 96.1m to $ 139.8m following the [acquiring] of the general insurance business of the prudential corporation , the deficit for the quarter was up from $ 2.9m to $ 11.8m — a relatively satisfactory performance in difficult market conditions .

Acquisition accounting to be used for all business combinations where a party can be identified as having the role of an acquirer , since this method of accounting reflects the application of resources by the acquirer and shows the value of the net assets acquired .
[acquiring] accounting to be used for all business combinations where a party can be identified as having the role of an acquirer , since this method of accounting reflects the application of resources by the acquirer and shows the value of the net assets acquired .

Merger accounting to be restricted to those business combinations where the use of acquisition accounting would not properly reflect the true nature of the combination .
merger accounting to be restricted to those business combinations where the use of [acquiring] accounting would not properly reflect the true nature of the combination .

The outstanding acquisition for the Photographs Collection was the archive of 44,000 negatives of Henk Snock , perhaps the most accomplished post-war architectural photographer working in Great Britain .
the outstanding [acquiring] for the photographs collection was the archive of 44,000 negatives of henk snock , perhaps the most accomplished post-war architectural photographer working in great britain .

Despite the difficult property market , they authorised the acquisition of new Solicitors Complaints Bureau premises out of London , ahead of the final disposal of Portland House .
despite the difficult property market , they authorised the [acquiring] of new solicitors complaints bureau premises out of london , ahead of the final disposal of portland house .

In all other cases , acquisition accounting , with the acquired entity 's results included in the acquirer 's profit and loss account only from the date of acquisition , would have to be used .
in all other cases , [acquiring] accounting , with the acquired entity 's results included in the acquirer 's profit and loss account only from the date of [acquiring] , would have to be used .

This can be an attractive , cost-effective method for an overseas buyer to finance the acquisition of goods , usually larger items of capital equipment .
this can be an attractive , cost-effective method for an overseas buyer to finance the [acquiring] of goods , usually larger items of capital equipment .

One could say — and Aegon are not denying it — that is an acquisition by Aegon of this company spread over time .
one could say — and aegon are not denying it — that is an [acquiring] by aegon of this company spread over time .

Yet the response from other corporate finance advisers looking for a vehicle in which to advertise , on a confidential basis , acquisition and disposal opportunities they are involved in was ‘ so strong that we then only had to say it was happening , do you want to be part of it ? — and most of the intermediaries did ’ .
yet the response from other corporate finance advisers looking for a vehicle in which to advertise , on a confidential basis , [acquiring] and disposal opportunities they are involved in was ‘ so strong that we then only had to say it was happening , do you want to be part of it ? — and most of the intermediaries did ’ .

Instead ‘ acquisition provisions ’ will have to be treated as above-the-line exceptional items , hitting pre-tax profits and earnings per share .
instead ‘ [acquiring] provisions ’ will have to be treated as above-the-line exceptional items , hitting pre-tax profits and earnings per share .

Until now , acquisition provisions have appeared often to slope the playing field in favour of takeovers and against non-merging companies .
until now , [acquiring] provisions have appeared often to slope the playing field in favour of takeovers and against non-merging companies .

Proposals for acquisition of land from Abbey Church have been drawn up including investigation of the costs of altering the pavement and boundary wall .
proposals for [acquiring] of land from abbey church have been drawn up including investigation of the costs of altering the pavement and boundary wall .

She knew that it was n't desire for the acquisition of knowledge that drove him , but the programmed need to find the bomb .
she knew that it was n't desire for the [acquiring] of knowledge that drove him , but the programmed need to find the bomb .

to theoretical and descriptive studies such as second language acquisition , socio/psycho-linguistics , pedagogical descriptions and literary stylistics .
to theoretical and descriptive studies such as second language [acquiring] , socio/psycho-linguistics , pedagogical descriptions and literary stylistics .

In the past year , for instance , doctoral candidates have successfully completed theses on the acquisition of English as a foreign language by speakers of German , the teaching of advanced writing skills in English for specific purposes , and the stylistics of narrative fiction .
in the past year , for instance , doctoral candidates have successfully completed theses on the [acquiring] of english as a foreign language by speakers of german , the teaching of advanced writing skills in english for specific purposes , and the stylistics of narrative fiction .

Today , benefiting from psychoanalytic insights , we would probably say that man was distinguishable from the beasts by virtue of his possession of a highly evolved and differentiated ego , and still more by his acquisition of the superego .
today , benefiting from psychoanalytic insights , we would probably say that man was distinguishable from the beasts by virtue of his possession of a highly evolved and differentiated ego , and still more by his [acquiring] of the superego .

If we enquire into the evolutionary background to this situation , it is immediately clear that the evolution of behaviour in both humans and primates rests on a common mammalian basis which can doubtless be traced to the greater adaptiveness , activity and independence of environmental conditions which the acquisition of warm-bloodedness provided .
if we enquire into the evolutionary background to this situation , it is immediately clear that the evolution of behaviour in both humans and primates rests on a common mammalian basis which can doubtless be traced to the greater adaptiveness , activity and independence of environmental conditions which the [acquiring] of warm-bloodedness provided .

Furthermore , we should recall that in modern individuals ( and almost certainly also in the past ) internalized verbal commands and prohibitions are of the first significance in the acquisition of the superego and manifest this aspect of themselves in the auditory hallucinations of accusing and scorning voices so often found in paranoia .
furthermore , we should recall that in modern individuals ( and almost certainly also in the past ) internalized verbal commands and prohibitions are of the first significance in the [acquiring] of the superego and manifest this aspect of themselves in the auditory hallucinations of accusing and scorning voices so often found in paranoia .

The superego is a relatively modern acquisition and is the psychological agency which is the inner counterpart of what in the outer world we would call ‘ culture ’ or ‘ civilization ’ .
the superego is a relatively modern [acquiring] and is the psychological agency which is the inner counterpart of what in the outer world we would call ‘ culture ’ or ‘ civilization ’ .

’ Quoting another study they add that the frontal lobe ‘ represents a relatively late phylogenetic acquisition which is well developed only in primates , especially in Man .
’ quoting another study they add that the frontal lobe ‘ represents a relatively late phylogenetic [acquiring] which is well developed only in primates , especially in man .

Its emergence marked the true beginnings of the specifically human line of behavioural development , and the late acquisition of the superego characterized the beginnings of human culture , religion and civilization in general .
its emergence marked the true beginnings of the specifically human line of behavioural development , and the late [acquiring] of the superego characterized the beginnings of human culture , religion and civilization in general .

Secondly , an individual needs to undergo toilet-training not merely because of the demands of common decency and modern personal hygiene , but , much more importantly , because we live in a culture in which an ability to control sadistic drives is of the first importance , both for the quality of our civilization and for the acquisition and protection of our cultural wealth in general .
secondly , an individual needs to undergo toilet-training not merely because of the demands of common decency and modern personal hygiene , but , much more importantly , because we live in a culture in which an ability to control sadistic drives is of the first importance , both for the quality of our civilization and for the [acquiring] and protection of our cultural wealth in general .

The fact that such an ‘ Expressive Revolution ’ is not unrelated to other , much more obviously parricidal ones , and that all of these insurrections against cultural restraint can be traced to childhood failures in the acquisition of the superego is nicely illustrated by an Italian terrorist who , having put his revolutionary ideology into practice by murdering seventeen people and kidnapping an American general , justified his activities at his trial by proudly explaining that ‘ My challenge began from the school benches of Centocelle [ his home town ] .
the fact that such an ‘ expressive revolution ’ is not unrelated to other , much more obviously parricidal ones , and that all of these insurrections against cultural restraint can be traced to childhood failures in the [acquiring] of the superego is nicely illustrated by an italian terrorist who , having put his revolutionary ideology into practice by murdering seventeen people and kidnapping an american general , justified his activities at his trial by proudly explaining that ‘ my challenge began from the school benches of centocelle [ his home town ] .

This is partly because , as indicated earlier , the acquisition of the superego takes place in the modern individual in a different sequence of stages than it did in the culture , and partly because cultural psychological phenomena often present a clearly separated-out picture of their components whereas individual neuroses are often less easy to disentangle .
this is partly because , as indicated earlier , the [acquiring] of the superego takes place in the modern individual in a different sequence of stages than it did in the culture , and partly because cultural psychological phenomena often present a clearly separated-out picture of their components whereas individual neuroses are often less easy to disentangle .

Certainly , the social psychoanalysis of the oral aspects of the cultural superego seems far easier than the corresponding attempts to analyse pre-Oedipal oral superego elements in the development of the child where the crucial phenomena have occurred long before the acquisition of language , and where analytic ‘ reconstructions ’ are more likely to reflect the theoretical expectations of the analyst than they do the reality .
certainly , the social psychoanalysis of the oral aspects of the cultural superego seems far easier than the corresponding attempts to analyse pre-oedipal oral superego elements in the development of the child where the crucial phenomena have occurred long before the [acquiring] of language , and where analytic ‘ reconstructions ’ are more likely to reflect the theoretical expectations of the analyst than they do the reality .

In the Neolithic period , totalitarian states emerged as a result of the reappearance of profound inequalities made possible by the acquisition of agricultural surpluses , whereas in the modern epoch most of the comparable states emerged out of periods of revolution and upheaval constituted mainly by a struggle for equality — a fact that has had the odd consequence of leaving all modern police states with official ideologies strongly committed to a non-existent freedom and egalitarianism for their citizens .
in the neolithic period , totalitarian states emerged as a result of the reappearance of profound inequalities made possible by the [acquiring] of agricultural surpluses , whereas in the modern epoch most of the comparable states emerged out of periods of revolution and upheaval constituted mainly by a struggle for equality — a fact that has had the odd consequence of leaving all modern police states with official ideologies strongly committed to a non-existent freedom and egalitarianism for their citizens .

These cortical consequences of social evolution provide the basis for the acquisition of some sort of superego , even if they can not ensure that it is a rational , mature and adaptive one .
these cortical consequences of social evolution provide the basis for the [acquiring] of some sort of superego , even if they can not ensure that it is a rational , mature and adaptive one .

This is partly due to knowledge that enables understanding and acquisition of specific statistical , computing or operational research techniques , and partly because the study of Mathematics cultivates a range of abilities such as flexibility , clarity of thought , thoroughness , concision , and accuracy in exposition .
this is partly due to knowledge that enables understanding and [acquiring] of specific statistical , computing or operational research techniques , and partly because the study of mathematics cultivates a range of abilities such as flexibility , clarity of thought , thoroughness , concision , and accuracy in exposition .

All students are urged to pursue these performing studies as far as the acquisition of a Teacher 's Diploma of one of the recognised colleges of music and , in suitable cases , to proceed to a Performer 's Diploma .
all students are urged to pursue these performing studies as far as the [acquiring] of a teacher 's diploma of one of the recognised colleges of music and , in suitable cases , to proceed to a performer 's diploma .

The acquisition of office is governed by the promulgation of legal rules .
the [acquiring] of office is governed by the promulgation of legal rules .

Acquisition of goods leads to a ‘ greater aestheticisation of reality .
[acquiring] of goods leads to a ‘ greater aestheticisation of reality .

Gloucester 's major gain from the events of 1469 was his acquisition , for the first time , of a recognized sphere of action .
gloucester 's major gain from the events of 1469 was his [acquiring] , for the first time , of a recognized sphere of action .

His major territorial acquisition , the duchy of Lancaster estates in the north west , was already staffed by royal servants who would now look to the duke while retaining their links with the crown .
his major territorial [acquiring] , the duchy of lancaster estates in the north west , was already staffed by royal servants who would now look to the duke while retaining their links with the crown .

As with the Scarborough grant , Gloucester was surrendering land of little value to himself in return for a significant acquisition .
as with the scarborough grant , gloucester was surrendering land of little value to himself in return for a significant [acquiring] .

But Gloucester 's acquisition of Skipton was as much a matter of strengthening existing connections as of creating new ones .
but gloucester 's [acquiring] of skipton was as much a matter of strengthening existing connections as of creating new ones .

The Yorkshire land had all been held by Clarence and the scale of the alienations made in exchange suggests that Gloucester set considerable store by its acquisition .
the yorkshire land had all been held by clarence and the scale of the alienations made in exchange suggests that gloucester set considerable store by its [acquiring] .

The de Vere lands were not Gloucester 's only East Anglian acquisition .
the de vere lands were not gloucester 's only east anglian [acquiring] .

He still kept a significant share of the forfeited de Vere lands in Cambridge and Essex as well as the lands of the countess Elizabeth which , as a private acquisition , were unaffected by the reordering .
he still kept a significant share of the forfeited de vere lands in cambridge and essex as well as the lands of the countess elizabeth which , as a private [acquiring] , were unaffected by the reordering .

The two dimensional images were displayed at the time of acquisition and simultaneously stored into computer hard disc memory by an array processor .
the two dimensional images were displayed at the time of [acquiring] and simultaneously stored into computer hard disc memory by an array processor .

Prognostic statements on the clinical complications of colonisation by the epidemic strain in individual patients are difficult , but we have found survival to be influenced by poor pulmonary status of the patient at the time of acquisition .
prognostic statements on the clinical complications of colonisation by the epidemic strain in individual patients are difficult , but we have found survival to be influenced by poor pulmonary status of the patient at the time of [acquiring] .

In conclusion , the segregation of colonised from non-colonised patients generates a fearful attitude towards those already colonised and encourages fear of acquisition in others .
in conclusion , the segregation of colonised from non-colonised patients generates a fearful attitude towards those already colonised and encourages fear of [acquiring] in others .

Answer guide : ( a ) Purpose of acquisition is to use in the business .
answer guide : ( a ) purpose of [acquiring] is to use in the business .

It must be noted , however , that the supply of labour is a multi-dimensional concept , so that the effect of taxation on labour supply may show up as : less effort while at work , emigration , longer holidays , shorter working lives , different occupational choices and associated human capital acquisition , etc .
it must be noted , however , that the supply of labour is a multi-dimensional concept , so that the effect of taxation on labour supply may show up as : less effort while at work , emigration , longer holidays , shorter working lives , different occupational choices and associated human capital [acquiring] , etc .

This process is called acquisition .
this process is called [acquiring] .

Some policy commentators see the impact of embryo manipulation as a good thing , akin to the acquisition of language or putting men on the moon .
some policy commentators see the impact of embryo manipulation as a good thing , akin to the [acquiring] of language or putting men on the moon .

He hopes know-how in other hightech fields will help Daimler build better vehicles — a theory which British Aerospace has not yet proved in its acquisition of the Rover Group , another carmaker .
he hopes know-how in other hightech fields will help daimler build better vehicles — a theory which british aerospace has not yet proved in its [acquiring] of the rover group , another carmaker .

The Company has done this with resolve and dedication and produced a creditable performance , not only in preserving its ongoing business , but also in strengthening its base through acquisition .
the company has done this with resolve and dedication and produced a creditable performance , not only in preserving its ongoing business , but also in strengthening its base through [acquiring] .

Since the date of acquisition , the Warwick factory has been closed and looms have been moved to Elderslie and Runcorn .
since the date of [acquiring] , the warwick factory has been closed and looms have been moved to elderslie and runcorn .

Since the acquisition of Mercia Weavers by the Stoddard Group in 1988 , Ronnie has been Chief Designer of the Runcorn Studio which specializes in Contract carpeting .
since the [acquiring] of mercia weavers by the stoddard group in 1988 , ronnie has been chief designer of the runcorn studio which specializes in contract carpeting .

Depreciation is the process of allocation of the difference between the total acquisition cost of an asset ( or its valuation ) and its estimated residual value ( i.e — predicted disposal value at the end of its useful life ) over the total useful life of the asset .
depreciation is the process of allocation of the difference between the total [acquiring] cost of an asset ( or its valuation ) and its estimated residual value ( i.e — predicted disposal value at the end of its useful life ) over the total useful life of the asset .

The equity method accounts for the investment at acquisition cost , adjusted for the investor 's share of dividends and earnings , or losses of the invested , after the date of investment .
the equity method accounts for the investment at [acquiring] cost , adjusted for the investor 's share of dividends and earnings , or losses of the invested , after the date of investment .

They have been able to take advantage of their good standing internationally to raise funds on fine terms which could then be converted into floating-rate liabilities suitable for financing the acquisition of floating-rate sterling assets .
they have been able to take advantage of their good standing internationally to raise funds on fine terms which could then be converted into floating-rate liabilities suitable for financing the [acquiring] of floating-rate sterling assets .

While this was bitterly resented by the British , they too were moving towards the acquisition of a national nuclear force .
while this was bitterly resented by the british , they too were moving towards the [acquiring] of a national nuclear force .

Because of this fluidity in royal land-holding a list of all the known royal estates from the whole Merovingian period would be misleading ; it would not allow for the pattern of acquisition and alienation .
because of this fluidity in royal land-holding a list of all the known royal estates from the whole merovingian period would be misleading ; it would not allow for the pattern of [acquiring] and alienation .

Russia 's peaceful acquisition of Georgia in 1801 had given her a foothold south of the Caucasus mountains which seemed to threaten Persian and Turkish interests in the Middle East .
russia 's peaceful [acquiring] of georgia in 1801 had given her a foothold south of the caucasus mountains which seemed to threaten persian and turkish interests in the middle east .

The annexation of the Danube delta … was no great acquisition `` .
the annexation of the danube delta … was no great [acquiring] `` .

The German foreign ministry , for instance , set up in 1890 a colonial department in response to the Reich 's acquisition a few years earlier of a largely valueless empire in Africa and the Pacific .
the german foreign ministry , for instance , set up in 1890 a colonial department in response to the reich 's [acquiring] a few years earlier of a largely valueless empire in africa and the pacific .

Initial contact with acquisition targets
initial contact with [acquiring] targets

Acquisition research assistance
[acquiring] research assistance

At the start of any meeting to discuss the terms of an acquisition , both parties should be aware of what has been agreed so far , what is outstanding and what is to be covered in the forthcoming session .
at the start of any meeting to discuss the terms of an [acquiring] , both parties should be aware of what has been agreed so far , what is outstanding and what is to be covered in the forthcoming session .

In terms of an acquisition you are only trying to ‘ beat ’ rival buyers and perhaps alternative options for the seller , such as flotation , by selling yourself and your deal .
in terms of an [acquiring] you are only trying to ‘ beat ’ rival buyers and perhaps alternative options for the seller , such as flotation , by selling yourself and your deal .

In an acquisition , where the seller is represented by management or advisers acting as negotiators , it can be beneficial to identify ways of making these negotiators lose sight of the vendor company 's true interests .
in an [acquiring] , where the seller is represented by management or advisers acting as negotiators , it can be beneficial to identify ways of making these negotiators lose sight of the vendor company 's true interests .

Paragraphs classifying as Investment Business the acquisition or disposal of shares in a body corporate ( other than an open-ended investment company ) or relating to investment advice given in connection with the acquisition or disposal of such shares do not apply if :
paragraphs classifying as investment business the [acquiring] or disposal of shares in a body corporate ( other than an open-ended investment company ) or relating to investment advice given in connection with the [acquiring] or disposal of such shares do not apply if :

‘ … the invitation is made or the information is given by or on behalf of a body corporate , a single individual , or a group of connected individuals for the purposes of or with a view to the acquisition or disposal of shares in a body corporate other than an open ended investment company between parties each of whom is a body corporate , a single individual , or a group of connected individuals , being shares which —
‘ … the invitation is made or the information is given by or on behalf of a body corporate , a single individual , or a group of connected individuals for the purposes of or with a view to the [acquiring] or disposal of shares in a body corporate other than an open ended investment company between parties each of whom is a body corporate , a single individual , or a group of connected individuals , being shares which —

the service relates to specific shares in the context of a merger , acquisition or disposal and advice has been given on the merits of the transaction or a transaction arranged ; or
the service relates to specific shares in the context of a merger , [acquiring] or disposal and advice has been given on the merits of the transaction or a transaction arranged ; or

There has to be dishonest intention and a deliberate course of conduct intended to create the impression with a view to inducing the acquisition , disposal or underwriting of , or the exercise of rights in relation to , investments .
there has to be dishonest intention and a deliberate course of conduct intended to create the impression with a view to inducing the [acquiring] , disposal or underwriting of , or the exercise of rights in relation to , investments .

Often , the acquisition agreement requires that the seller warrants the ‘ correctness ’ of the financial statements to the purchaser .
often , the [acquiring] agreement requires that the seller warrants the ‘ correctness ’ of the financial statements to the purchaser .

Second guessing the acquisition criteria of Chief Executives can be unfruitful .
second guessing the [acquiring] criteria of chief executives can be unfruitful .

It is provided to a limited number of recipients who have entered into a confidentiality agreement and should enable potential acquirers to decide whether the business fits their acquisition criteria and whether to pursue their initial interest .
it is provided to a limited number of recipients who have entered into a confidentiality agreement and should enable potential acquirers to decide whether the business fits their [acquiring] criteria and whether to pursue their initial interest .

The information should enable the recipient to evaluate the opportunity against his acquisition criteria and to take an instant decision to reject or proceed with the opportunity .
the information should enable the recipient to evaluate the opportunity against his [acquiring] criteria and to take an instant decision to reject or proceed with the opportunity .

The sources of information for identifying acquisition targets set out in Section 0604 may be used for identifying potential purchasers . To these should be added :
the sources of information for identifying [acquiring] targets set out in section 0604 may be used for identifying potential purchasers . to these should be added :

Requests for exclusive acquisition advice
requests for exclusive [acquiring] advice

Acquisition target contact assistance
[acquiring] target contact assistance

Acquisition research case
[acquiring] research case

Request for exclusive acquisition advice
request for exclusive [acquiring] advice

Acquisition target contact assistance
[acquiring] target contact assistance

Acquisition research case
[acquiring] research case

This chapter outlines the procedures and recommended practice to be adopted when engaged to provide acquisition assistance .
this chapter outlines the procedures and recommended practice to be adopted when engaged to provide [acquiring] assistance .

Private companies with limited acquisition experience or inadequate resources ( general or specialist ) to complete a deal .
private companies with limited [acquiring] experience or inadequate resources ( general or specialist ) to complete a deal .

Public companies which do not have adequate in-house corporate finance experience/resources , where the acquisition is not of sufficient size to interest its merchant bank .
public companies which do not have adequate in-house corporate finance experience/resources , where the [acquiring] is not of sufficient size to interest its merchant bank .

Acquisition search and preliminary contact with possible targets .
[acquiring] search and preliminary contact with possible targets .

Strategic review and consideration of alternatives to acquisition .
strategic review and consideration of alternatives to [acquiring] .

Acquisition search .
[acquiring] search .

0602.21 Preliminary assessment of acquisition plans
0602.21 preliminary assessment of [acquiring] plans

Before an acquisition strategy , fee quote or detailed proposal can be considered , a preliminary assessment of the client 's acquisition plans must be carried out .
before an [acquiring] strategy , fee quote or detailed proposal can be considered , a preliminary assessment of the client 's [acquiring] plans must be carried out .

Whereas vendors are frequently inexperienced , purchasers will often have previous acquisition experience .
whereas vendors are frequently inexperienced , purchasers will often have previous [acquiring] experience .

The purchaser 's reason for the acquisition and consideration of other options .
the purchaser 's reason for the [acquiring] and consideration of other options .

The purchaser 's commitment to the acquisition process ( ie full board approval and the authority of the purchaser 's representative ) .
the purchaser 's commitment to the [acquiring] process ( ie full board approval and the authority of the purchaser 's representative ) .

Source and amount of funds available for the acquisition .
source and amount of funds available for the [acquiring] .

The purchaser 's previous acquisition experience ( * ) .
the purchaser 's previous [acquiring] experience ( * ) .

Although acquisition assistance may be less structured than normal corporate finance ( ie special ) work , it is important to impose a structure as early as possible and to maintain working papers in accordance with that structure .
although [acquiring] assistance may be less structured than normal corporate finance ( ie special ) work , it is important to impose a structure as early as possible and to maintain working papers in accordance with that structure .

On some acquisition assignments it will be necessary to make formal oral presentations .
on some [acquiring] assignments it will be necessary to make formal oral presentations .

The engagement letter will need to be tailored to each acquisition assignment .
the engagement letter will need to be tailored to each [acquiring] assignment .

Defining our role , such that responsibility for deciding whether to proceed with an acquisition rests with our client .
defining our role , such that responsibility for deciding whether to proceed with an [acquiring] rests with our client .

Obtaining precise acquisition criteria prior to undertaking proactive search work .
obtaining precise [acquiring] criteria prior to undertaking proactive search work .

Before commencing the acquisition process the potential purchaser should set its corporate objectives and assess its ability to achieve these objectives from the existing business .
before commencing the [acquiring] process the potential purchaser should set its corporate objectives and assess its ability to achieve these objectives from the existing business .

An acquisition strategy should be formulated to bridge the gap between corporate objectives and the company 's existing capability to achieve those objectives .
an [acquiring] strategy should be formulated to bridge the gap between corporate objectives and the company 's existing capability to achieve those objectives .

In assisting a client in defining or refining its acquisition criteria , we should ensure that consideration is given to the following parameters : —
in assisting a client in defining or refining its [acquiring] criteria , we should ensure that consideration is given to the following parameters : —

The International Network . The Network guidelines ( see the handbook ) list the procedures involved in requesting cross-border acquisition research assistance
the international network . the network guidelines ( see the handbook ) list the procedures involved in requesting cross-border [acquiring] research assistance

Example acquisition search engagement letters are given in Chapter 11 ( 1101.6 and 1101.7 ( cross-border ) ) .
example [acquiring] search engagement letters are given in chapter 11 ( 1101.6 and 1101.7 ( cross-border ) ) .

Has the purchaser the desire , resources and ability to proceed with more than one acquisition concurrently ? If so , how many ?
has the purchaser the desire , resources and ability to proceed with more than one [acquiring] concurrently ? if so , how many ?

The following procedures should be adopted before approaching any potential acquisition candidate : —
the following procedures should be adopted before approaching any potential [acquiring] candidate : —

As a rule , purchasers tend to prefer us to approach acquisition candidates anonymously on their behalf .
as a rule , purchasers tend to prefer us to approach [acquiring] candidates anonymously on their behalf .

Purchasers should be encouraged to meet with potential acquisition candidates at the earliest opportunity after they have first been approached .
purchasers should be encouraged to meet with potential [acquiring] candidates at the earliest opportunity after they have first been approached .

It is likely that the vendors will also wish to understand more fully the purchaser 's interest in the acquisition and its future plans for the business .
it is likely that the vendors will also wish to understand more fully the purchaser 's interest in the [acquiring] and its future plans for the business .

Compared with bonuses , this means of incentivising management will not deplete the post acquisition earnings of the target .
compared with bonuses , this means of incentivising management will not deplete the post [acquiring] earnings of the target .

0612.2 Request for exclusive acquisition advice
0612.2 request for exclusive [acquiring] advice

In this situation , an initiating member receives a request from a client in his country who has already identified an acquisition target in a participating member 's jurisdiction and , indeed , may already have commenced the acquisition process . As a result , the initating member has been asked to contact the participating member to elicit general or specifically defined acquisition advisery assistance , which could take the form of :
in this situation , an initiating member receives a request from a client in his country who has already identified an [acquiring] target in a participating member 's jurisdiction and , indeed , may already have commenced the [acquiring] process . as a result , the initating member has been asked to contact the participating member to elicit general or specifically defined [acquiring] advisery assistance , which could take the form of :

the provision of a full range of proactive acquisition advisery assistance , or
the provision of a full range of proactive [acquiring] advisery assistance , or

The normal expectation is that a Request for Exclusive Acquisition Advice will result in a fee-paying engagement for the participating member 's firm .
the normal expectation is that a request for exclusive [acquiring] advice will result in a fee-paying engagement for the participating member 's firm .

Request for Exclusive Acquisition Advice
request for exclusive [acquiring] advice

In your initial contact with the participating member , identify the situation as a Request for Exclusive Acquisition Advice .
in your initial contact with the participating member , identify the situation as a request for exclusive [acquiring] advice .

0612.3 Acquisition target contact assistance
0612.3 [acquiring] target contact assistance

In this situation , an initiating member receives a request from a client in his country for assistance , to be provided by the participating member , in making initial contact with an acquisition target .
in this situation , an initiating member receives a request from a client in his country for assistance , to be provided by the participating member , in making initial contact with an [acquiring] target .

The normal expectation is that Acquisition Target Contact Assistance will be conducted on a fee-paying basis by the participating member , but such arrangements should be agreed in advice and a participating member may decide not to charge a fee ( in expectation of more significant fees for the prospective engagement involving broader acquisition advice should contact with the acquisition target result in negotiations ) .
the normal expectation is that [acquiring] target contact assistance will be conducted on a fee-paying basis by the participating member , but such arrangements should be agreed in advice and a participating member may decide not to charge a fee ( in expectation of more significant fees for the prospective engagement involving broader [acquiring] advice should contact with the [acquiring] target result in negotiations ) .

Acquisition Target Contact Assistance
[acquiring] target contact assistance

In your initial contact with the participating member , identify the situation as Acquisition Target Contact Assistance .
in your initial contact with the participating member , identify the situation as [acquiring] target contact assistance .

Ensure your client has properly and adequately identified the acquisition target to be contacted ( proper corporate name , location , etc . )
ensure your client has properly and adequately identified the [acquiring] target to be contacted ( proper corporate name , location , etc . )

Check whether the acquisition target is a client and advise the initiating member or his client accordingly .
check whether the [acquiring] target is a client and advise the initiating member or his client accordingly .

0612.4 Acquisition research case
0612.4 [acquiring] research case

the conduct by the participating member of research , and compilation of information , with respect to an acquisition target already identified by a client in the country of the initiating member ; or
the conduct by the participating member of research , and compilation of information , with respect to an [acquiring] target already identified by a client in the country of the initiating member ; or

the conduct of a formal acquisition search by the participating member based upon acquisition search criteria provided by the initiating member or his client .
the conduct of a formal [acquiring] search by the participating member based upon [acquiring] search criteria provided by the initiating member or his client .

In the case of a formal acquisition search , distinction should be made between :
in the case of a formal [acquiring] search , distinction should be made between :

the sub-contracting of local acquisition search requirement to the participating member , as part of a larger international acquisition search engagement being conducted by the initiating member on behalf of a client in his country ( in these circumstance , the participating member will usually take his instructions from the initiating member ) ; and
the sub-contracting of local [acquiring] search requirement to the participating member , as part of a larger international [acquiring] search engagement being conducted by the initiating member on behalf of a client in his country ( in these circumstance , the participating member will usually take his instructions from the initiating member ) ; and

the direct referral of an acquisition search engagement from the initiating member to the participating member on behalf of a client in the initiating member 's jurisdiction ( in which circumstances , the participating member will usually enter into an engagement letter directly with the initiating member 's client ) .
the direct referral of an [acquiring] search engagement from the initiating member to the participating member on behalf of a client in the initiating member 's jurisdiction ( in which circumstances , the participating member will usually enter into an engagement letter directly with the initiating member 's client ) .

Acquisition research cases are conducted on a fee paying basis .
[acquiring] research cases are conducted on a fee paying basis .

Acquisition Research Case
[acquiring] research case

In your initial contact with the participating member , identify the situation as an Acquisition Research Case
in your initial contact with the participating member , identify the situation as an [acquiring] research case

If the acquirer 's solicitors are to prepare the agreement , it is very important that they are fully informed as to the acquirer 's aims and concerns about the acquisition and its assessment of its bargaining position and that they discuss the draft with the acquirer before it is released to the seller .
if the acquirer 's solicitors are to prepare the agreement , it is very important that they are fully informed as to the acquirer 's aims and concerns about the [acquiring] and its assessment of its bargaining position and that they discuss the draft with the acquirer before it is released to the seller .

If the agreement relates to the acquisition of shares in an English company , it is likely to be best to have the contract governed by English law since the concepts and provisions referred to , and the problems likely to arise , will be familiar to English courts .
if the agreement relates to the [acquiring] of shares in an english company , it is likely to be best to have the contract governed by english law since the concepts and provisions referred to , and the problems likely to arise , will be familiar to english courts .

This will result in a reduction in base acquisition cost for the purchaser and reduce any capital gains tax liability of the vendor .
this will result in a reduction in base [acquiring] cost for the purchaser and reduce any capital gains tax liability of the vendor .

Accordingly , the purchaser should require the acquisition agreement to provide for grossing-up so that the amount payable under the indemnity equals the amount of the liability , together with any tax chargeable .
accordingly , the purchaser should require the [acquiring] agreement to provide for grossing-up so that the amount payable under the indemnity equals the amount of the liability , together with any tax chargeable .

the assessment of acquisition and disposal opportunities ; and
the assessment of [acquiring] and disposal opportunities ; and

When acting as a lead adviser in respect of an acquisition of a private company or business by a listed company there is the normal requirement for due diligence , the coordination of which may fall within the deal management role .
when acting as a lead adviser in respect of an [acquiring] of a private company or business by a listed company there is the normal requirement for due diligence , the coordination of which may fall within the deal management role .

Where the lead adviser 's role is in respect of the acquisition of a listed company and is , therefore subject to the City Code , due diligence should be considered carefully .
where the lead adviser 's role is in respect of the [acquiring] of a listed company and is , therefore subject to the city code , due diligence should be considered carefully .

No charge is made for including a potential purchaser on the database ; however , if we introduce an opportunity which leads to an acquisition we charge an introduction fee .
no charge is made for including a potential purchaser on the database ; however , if we introduce an opportunity which leads to an [acquiring] we charge an introduction fee .

We can produce a listing of potential candidate companies which match a client 's acquisition or disposal criteria .
we can produce a listing of potential candidate companies which match a client 's [acquiring] or disposal criteria .

Extbuy records acquisition criteria which are announced in the press by companies ( not included are those already recorded on Buyers ) .
extbuy records [acquiring] criteria which are announced in the press by companies ( not included are those already recorded on buyers ) .

Management consulting advice is available at different stages of the acquisition process as follows :
management consulting advice is available at different stages of the [acquiring] process as follows :

acquisition strategy
[acquiring] strategy

acquisition search
[acquiring] search

acquisition implementation
[acquiring] implementation

1008.1 Acquisition search
1008.1 [acquiring] search

1009.1 Acquisition search
1009.1 [acquiring] search

In many cases this is unlikely to be successful but for both professional and business reasons we should endeavour to ensure that acquisition is the appropriate route for the company to follow .
in many cases this is unlikely to be successful but for both professional and business reasons we should endeavour to ensure that [acquiring] is the appropriate route for the company to follow .

Even when the decision has been made to pursue an acquisition , the client might lack good information on the market structure and competitive forces .
even when the decision has been made to pursue an [acquiring] , the client might lack good information on the market structure and competitive forces .

Smaller companies or companies not having made a previous acquisition will often ask us to act as intermediaries .
smaller companies or companies not having made a previous [acquiring] will often ask us to act as intermediaries .

As with acquisition searches , this service can involve sensitive issues . It is crucial therefore that these guidelines are followed in all cases :
as with [acquiring] searches , this service can involve sensitive issues . it is crucial therefore that these guidelines are followed in all cases :

1009.3 Post acquisition implementation
1009.3 post [acquiring] implementation

any clearances needed to complete the acquisition and the timescale required to obtain these approvals .
any clearances needed to complete the [acquiring] and the timescale required to obtain these approvals .

We shall require your approval to contact the interested parties identified by our acquisition search activity and the respondents to any advertisement .
we shall require your approval to contact the interested parties identified by our [acquiring] search activity and the respondents to any advertisement .

1101.6 Example acquisition search proposal letter
1101.6 example [acquiring] search proposal letter

There are two broad approaches to identifying acquisition candidates : proactive and reactive .
there are two broad approaches to identifying [acquiring] candidates : proactive and reactive .

We can produce a listing of potential candidate companies which match your acquisition criteria .
we can produce a listing of potential candidate companies which match your [acquiring] criteria .

This involves a search of computerised databases against the acquisition criteria by using standard industry classification codes .
this involves a search of computerised databases against the [acquiring] criteria by using standard industry classification codes .

Market research involves obtaining the information with which to identify all potential acquisition candidates and with which to evaluate them .
market research involves obtaining the information with which to identify all potential [acquiring] candidates and with which to evaluate them .

We maintain a computerised database of potential purchasers and their acquisition criteria against which all acquisition opportunities which are brought to us or come to our attention are screened .
we maintain a computerised database of potential purchasers and their [acquiring] criteria against which all [acquiring] opportunities which are brought to us or come to our attention are screened .

No charge is made for including a potential purchaser on the database ; however , if we introduce an opportunity which leads to an acquisition we charge an introduction fee .
no charge is made for including a potential purchaser on the database ; however , if we introduce an opportunity which leads to an [acquiring] we charge an introduction fee .

1101.7 Example cross-border acquisition proposal letter
1101.7 example cross-border [acquiring] proposal letter

This example letter outlines how we may assist a client with an acquisition from overseas , involving acquisition search , targeting , approach and completion .
this example letter outlines how we may assist a client with an [acquiring] from overseas , involving [acquiring] search , targeting , approach and completion .

Although a deal may be concluded for a strategically important acquisition at a fair price , the subsequent financial success of such an acquisition will be often dependent on the appropriateness of the deal structure .
although a deal may be concluded for a strategically important [acquiring] at a fair price , the subsequent financial success of such an [acquiring] will be often dependent on the appropriateness of the deal structure .

whether to acquire assets or shares and , hence , whether to treat the acquisition as a foreign branch/division or a subsidiary/associated company ;
whether to acquire assets or shares and , hence , whether to treat the [acquiring] as a foreign branch/division or a subsidiary/associated company ;

the tax and accounting treatment of goodwill and acquisition financing costs ; and
the tax and accounting treatment of goodwill and [acquiring] financing costs ; and

This example letter outlines how we may assist a client with an acquisition , involving acquisition search , targeting , approach and completion , ie a full deal management service .
this example letter outlines how we may assist a client with an [acquiring] , involving [acquiring] search , targeting , approach and completion , ie a full deal management service .

An investigation of the target 's tax affairs is normally carried out in conjunction with the acquisition investigation .
an investigation of the target 's tax affairs is normally carried out in conjunction with the [acquiring] investigation .

[ Public offer acceptance memorandum ] — Client proposed acquisition of Target
[ public offer acceptance memorandum ] — client proposed [acquiring] of target

Interested parties should advise [ selling agent ] in writing no later than [ 6pm ] London time on [ date ] that , subject to further investigations , they have a bona fide interest , at a specific price level in making an acquisition proposal for the shares in [ name ] .
interested parties should advise [ selling agent ] in writing no later than [ 6pm ] london time on [ date ] that , subject to further investigations , they have a bona fide interest , at a specific price level in making an [acquiring] proposal for the shares in [ name ] .

Thank you for your expression of interest in the acquisition of [ name ] and for the signed confidentiality undertaking .
thank you for your expression of interest in the [acquiring] of [ name ] and for the signed confidentiality undertaking .

To estimate the keenness of the offeror to make the acquisition
to estimate the keenness of the offeror to make the [acquiring]

Where subsidiary or associated undertakings are acquired during the year , their results or the group 's share thereof are to be included from the effective date of acquisition .
where subsidiary or associated undertakings are acquired during the year , their results or the group 's share thereof are to be included from the effective date of [acquiring] .

Where subsidiary or associated undertakings are acquired during the year , their results or the group 's share thereof are to be included from the effective date of acquisition .
where subsidiary or associated undertakings are acquired during the year , their results or the group 's share thereof are to be included from the effective date of [acquiring] .

No depreciation is to be charged in respect of the months of acquisition or disposal . Depreciation shall be calculated at each month end as follows : —
no depreciation is to be charged in respect of the months of [acquiring] or disposal . depreciation shall be calculated at each month end as follows : —

No depreciation is to be charged in respect of the months of acquisition or disposal . Depreciation shall be calculated at each month end as follows : —
no depreciation is to be charged in respect of the months of [acquiring] or disposal . depreciation shall be calculated at each month end as follows : —

purchaser is seeking to take account of areas of potential expenditure after acquisition for events occurring prior to acquisition as identified by the purchaser 's due diligence or from other sources .
purchaser is seeking to take account of areas of potential expenditure after [acquiring] for events occurring prior to [acquiring] as identified by the purchaser 's due diligence or from other sources .

The proper handling of these expectations will have a major impact on the overall success of the company following the acquisition .
the proper handling of these expectations will have a major impact on the overall success of the company following the [acquiring] .

Reasons for the acquisition
reasons for the [acquiring]

Merger & Acquisition Services ,
merger & [acquiring] services ,

You have expressed an interest in the possible acquisition of the Company and have requested certain information concerning the Company which is non-public , confidential and proprietary in nature .
you have expressed an interest in the possible [acquiring] of the company and have requested certain information concerning the company which is non-public , confidential and proprietary in nature .

The Information will be used by you solely for the purpose of evaluating the possible purchase by you of the Company and , unless and until you have completed such a transaction , the Information will be kept confidential by you and will not be disclosed , in whole or in part to any other person , except that the Information or portions thereof may be disclosed to those of your directors , officers , employees , agents , auditors , lawyers , bankers and professional advisers ( collectively ‘ Representatives ’ ) who need to know such information for the purpose of evaluating the prospective acquisition ( it being understood that those Representatives will be informed of the confidential nature of the Information and shall agree to be bound by this Agreement and , if requested by ourselves , will enter into a direct agreement with us on the same terms as this Agreement ) .
the information will be used by you solely for the purpose of evaluating the possible purchase by you of the company and , unless and until you have completed such a transaction , the information will be kept confidential by you and will not be disclosed , in whole or in part to any other person , except that the information or portions thereof may be disclosed to those of your directors , officers , employees , agents , auditors , lawyers , bankers and professional advisers ( collectively ‘ representatives ’ ) who need to know such information for the purpose of evaluating the prospective [acquiring] ( it being understood that those representatives will be informed of the confidential nature of the information and shall agree to be bound by this agreement and , if requested by ourselves , will enter into a direct agreement with us on the same terms as this agreement ) .

Until the earliest of ( i ) the execution by you of a definitive unconditional legally binding agreement regarding the acquisition of the Company ; ( ii ) an acquisition of the Company by a third party ; ( iii ) three years from the date of this Agreement , you agree not to initiate or maintain contact ( except for those contacts made in the ordinary course of business ) with any officer , director or employee of the Company regarding the Company 's business , operations , prospects or finances , except with the express written permission of the Vendors .
until the earliest of ( i ) the execution by you of a definitive unconditional legally binding agreement regarding the [acquiring] of the company ; ( ii ) an [acquiring] of the company by a third party ; ( iii ) three years from the date of this agreement , you agree not to initiate or maintain contact ( except for those contacts made in the ordinary course of business ) with any officer , director or employee of the company regarding the company 's business , operations , prospects or finances , except with the express written permission of the vendors .

However , if we introduce an opportunity which results in their completing an acquisition we would charge an introduction fee .
however , if we introduce an opportunity which results in their completing an [acquiring] we would charge an introduction fee .

1109.2 Acquisition contracts — aide memoire See 0702 and 0703
1109.2 [acquiring] contracts — aide memoire see 0702 and 0703

It is an aid to guide the reviewer of a contract towards those areas of an acquisition contract which are of accounting significance and which might be sources of dispute in the future — it is not a comprehensive guide to analysing every acquisition contract .
it is an aid to guide the reviewer of a contract towards those areas of an [acquiring] contract which are of accounting significance and which might be sources of dispute in the future — it is not a comprehensive guide to analysing every [acquiring] contract .

If the vendor has the benefit of warranties given as a result of that eariler acquisition and they are assignable , then the purchaser could seek such an assignment .
if the vendor has the benefit of warranties given as a result of that eariler [acquiring] and they are assignable , then the purchaser could seek such an assignment .

In turn this increased the importance of illicit means which involved industrial espionage , in the acquisition of new British technology by France .
in turn this increased the importance of illicit means which involved industrial espionage , in the [acquiring] of new british technology by france .

Pre-project phase strategy for technology acquisition and exploitation
pre-project phase strategy for technology [acquiring] and exploitation

Despite the acknowledged importance of skill acquisition there is relatively little known about who receives vocational training .
despite the acknowledged importance of skill [acquiring] there is relatively little known about who receives vocational training .

Second language acquisition social identity and social influence
second language [acquiring] social identity and social influence

Second language acquisition is a topic of both theoretical significance in the social psychology of language and of practical importance in a multi-cultural society such as Britain .
second language [acquiring] is a topic of both theoretical significance in the social psychology of language and of practical importance in a multi-cultural society such as britain .

Syntactic input and the acquisition of the verb lexicon
syntactic input and the [acquiring] of the verb lexicon

Therefore the question of how verbs ' syntactically relevant semantic properties — often termed ‘ argument structures ’ — are themselves acquired assumes some importance for language acquisition .
therefore the question of how verbs ' syntactically relevant semantic properties — often termed ‘ argument structures ’ — are themselves acquired assumes some importance for language [acquiring] .

It has been suggested , for instance , that language-impaired children 's problems with syntax may be related to imperfect acquisition of verb argument structures .
it has been suggested , for instance , that language-impaired children 's problems with syntax may be related to imperfect [acquiring] of verb argument structures .

Gesture to sign and speech : language acquisition in deaf and hearing families
gesture to sign and speech : language [acquiring] in deaf and hearing families

Automated knowledge acquisition : modelling the expert linguist
automated knowledge [acquiring] : modelling the expert linguist

What impact will the increasing acquisition of formal qualifications by women have on existing , and future , structures ?
what impact will the increasing [acquiring] of formal qualifications by women have on existing , and future , structures ?

Knowledge , elicitation , acquisition and transfer with expert systems
knowledge , elicitation , [acquiring] and transfer with expert systems

Diagnostic teaching methods and the acquisition of strategies in mathematical learning
diagnostic teaching methods and the [acquiring] of strategies in mathematical learning

Observing acquisition and use of problem solving skill
observing [acquiring] and use of problem solving skill

Postgraduate learning : the acquisition of research skills in interactive settings
postgraduate learning : the [acquiring] of research skills in interactive settings

Journalists have made various estimates of the extent of British purchases , but the geographical spread ( of buyers and purchases ) and processes of house acquisition are little understood .
journalists have made various estimates of the extent of british purchases , but the geographical spread ( of buyers and purchases ) and processes of house [acquiring] are little understood .

But it is not known how these skills relate to levels of proficiency or to the process of acquisition .
but it is not known how these skills relate to levels of proficiency or to the process of [acquiring] .

Young children 's acquisition of non-natural concepts
young children 's [acquiring] of non-natural concepts

The recent acquisition of Leckpatrick by Cork-based Golden Vale demonstrated the world would not stand still until the dairy industry was restructured , he told us .
the recent [acquiring] of leckpatrick by cork-based golden vale demonstrated the world would not stand still until the dairy industry was restructured , he told us .

The issues are revenue grant aid and the acquisition of new office accommodation .
the issues are revenue grant aid and the [acquiring] of new office accommodation .

Approval has now been given for the acquisition of the building .
approval has now been given for the [acquiring] of the building .

the acquisition and rewarding of management skills ;
the [acquiring] and rewarding of management skills ;

Their other recent acquisition , the Manx Independent , is also performing well with massive increase in pagination and quality of content and reproduction .
their other recent [acquiring] , the manx independent , is also performing well with massive increase in pagination and quality of content and reproduction .

He said yesterday he had not been approached about the acquisition .
he said yesterday he had not been approached about the [acquiring] .

The acquisition of a Library Macintosh specifically for the development of Hypercard databases and for other Library housekeeping software is recommended for 1993/94 , having been deferred in each of the two previous years .
the [acquiring] of a library macintosh specifically for the development of hypercard databases and for other library housekeeping software is recommended for 1993/94 , having been deferred in each of the two previous years .

By using this large-scale facility , young scientists will be assisted in the acquisition of taxonomic skills through training , consultation , and the ‘ hands-on ’ use of very large , internationally important collections of living and preserved plants , a specialist research library , and the information technology needed to exploit these resources .
by using this large-scale facility , young scientists will be assisted in the [acquiring] of taxonomic skills through training , consultation , and the ‘ hands-on ’ use of very large , internationally important collections of living and preserved plants , a specialist research library , and the information technology needed to exploit these resources .

Not that many came on any sort of regular basis , much preferring the excitement of the streets to the acquisition of learning for which even the teacher herself , who had known far better days , considered they would have little use .
not that many came on any sort of regular basis , much preferring the excitement of the streets to the [acquiring] of learning for which even the teacher herself , who had known far better days , considered they would have little use .

Banks play a central role as consultants , advisers and agents in acquisition situations .
banks play a central role as consultants , advisers and agents in [acquiring] situations .

It should be noted that , unlike the institutions of the banking sector , OFIs lend primarily by the acquisition of assets , rather than directly by loans and advances .
it should be noted that , unlike the institutions of the banking sector , ofis lend primarily by the [acquiring] of assets , rather than directly by loans and advances .

Lawful acquisition of possession by the buyer will deprive the seller of his rights of lien and stoppage and those rights will not revive even if the buyer later returns the goods to the possession of the seller .
lawful [acquiring] of possession by the buyer will deprive the seller of his rights of lien and stoppage and those rights will not revive even if the buyer later returns the goods to the possession of the seller .

Those would include the raising of funds for the business default , bankruptcy or insolvency by customers and others , the acquisition , management and sale of plant equipment , computer hardware and software , sites , factories , shops and offices ; the employment and disciplining of staff ; industrial relations ; regulatory compliance under a variety of statutes and subordinate legislation including data protection , health and safety at work , customer protection and competition , as well as administrative compliance with companies legislation .
those would include the raising of funds for the business default , bankruptcy or insolvency by customers and others , the [acquiring] , management and sale of plant equipment , computer hardware and software , sites , factories , shops and offices ; the employment and disciplining of staff ; industrial relations ; regulatory compliance under a variety of statutes and subordinate legislation including data protection , health and safety at work , customer protection and competition , as well as administrative compliance with companies legislation .

Downhole Data Acquisition
downhole data [acquiring]

‘ The Copenhagen apartment is a recent acquisition .
‘ the copenhagen apartment is a recent [acquiring] .

The ‘ Howie ’ code identified the head of department as the individual responsible for the safety of staff within the laboratory , and outlined measures that were considered necessary to prevent the acquisition of an infection from the laboratory or post-mortem areas .
the ‘ howie ’ code identified the head of department as the individual responsible for the safety of staff within the laboratory , and outlined measures that were considered necessary to prevent the [acquiring] of an infection from the laboratory or post-mortem areas .

They can be so noisy that they are often switched off during an autopsy , increasing the level of air pollution and the risk of acquisition of air-borne infections .
they can be so noisy that they are often switched off during an autopsy , increasing the level of air pollution and the risk of [acquiring] of air-borne infections .

The acquisition by schools would seem sensible as this forms a useful and accurate guide to vessel and organ location .
the [acquiring] by schools would seem sensible as this forms a useful and accurate guide to vessel and organ location .

The two biggest changes for graduates who might return for the Convocation weekend in July will be the sale of the Refectory in Queen 's Road and the acquisition of the Hawthorns Hotel in Woodland Road .
the two biggest changes for graduates who might return for the convocation weekend in july will be the sale of the refectory in queen 's road and the [acquiring] of the hawthorns hotel in woodland road .

The last-mentioned included provisions against the acquisition of Hatchards , which landed the group with unwanted properties it has so far been unable to sell .
the last-mentioned included provisions against the [acquiring] of hatchards , which landed the group with unwanted properties it has so far been unable to sell .

David Kewley , she will set up and manage a new department ( made up of the book club and book fair editorial staff ) responsible for the selection , acquisition and exploitation of the sales potential of the books and other products bought for sale through the company 's book clubs and book fairs .
david kewley , she will set up and manage a new department ( made up of the book club and book fair editorial staff ) responsible for the selection , [acquiring] and exploitation of the sales potential of the books and other products bought for sale through the company 's book clubs and book fairs .

The merger between Stoddards and Sekers is now seven months old , and it is ten months since the acquisition of Mercia Weavers .
the merger between stoddards and sekers is now seven months old , and it is ten months since the [acquiring] of mercia weavers .

Fair values are attributed to the net tangible assets of subsidiaries at the date of acquisition .
fair values are attributed to the net tangible assets of subsidiaries at the date of [acquiring] .

The excess of the cost of acquisition over the net assets attributed , so far as not previously written off , is written off to reserves .
the excess of the cost of [acquiring] over the net assets attributed , so far as not previously written off , is written off to reserves .

On acquisition of a business , the purchase consideration is allocated between the underlying tangible assets and liabilities on the basis of the fair value to the Group in accordance with its accounting policies .
on [acquiring] of a business , the purchase consideration is allocated between the underlying tangible assets and liabilities on the basis of the fair value to the group in accordance with its accounting policies .

The mill entered the in February 1991 , upon the acquisition of , following which , plans to substantially extend the site and relocate the office from Ipswich were developed .
the mill entered the in february 1991 , upon the [acquiring] of , following which , plans to substantially extend the site and relocate the office from ipswich were developed .

With the acquisition of in 1987 inherited a fleet of 12 bulk malt delivery vehicles — we had transferred our own fleet to a contract hire operator two years earlier .
with the [acquiring] of in 1987 inherited a fleet of 12 bulk malt delivery vehicles — we had transferred our own fleet to a contract hire operator two years earlier .

Highlights have included survival of a new soup season , commissioning of a new extruder , completion of a new warehouse and offices , the acquisition of two new businesses , gaining approval for a £2.3m puffing plant , identifying new computer software and hardware , and commissioning our extended crunchy oven capacity .
highlights have included survival of a new soup season , commissioning of a new extruder , completion of a new warehouse and offices , the [acquiring] of two new businesses , gaining approval for a £2.3m puffing plant , identifying new computer software and hardware , and commissioning our extended crunchy oven capacity .

The savoury range includes all possible varieties of powdered soups , sauce and casserole mixes and since the acquisition of — gravy powder .
the savoury range includes all possible varieties of powdered soups , sauce and casserole mixes and since the [acquiring] of — gravy powder .

The acquisition of the business from has extended our range in this sector .
the [acquiring] of the business from has extended our range in this sector .

joined the Group with the acquisition of of Trowbridge in May 1978 and has been regional buyer for the north west region since March 1985 .
joined the group with the [acquiring] of of trowbridge in may 1978 and has been regional buyer for the north west region since march 1985 .

This is the beginnings of property acquisition , stemming from the need to be secure in relation to the outside world .
this is the beginnings of property [acquiring] , stemming from the need to be secure in relation to the outside world .

Furthermore , understanding the acquisition of honour solely through a class analysis of Pisticci would miss the many subtleties engaged in by the residents .
furthermore , understanding the [acquiring] of honour solely through a class analysis of pisticci would miss the many subtleties engaged in by the residents .

As Davis points out , however , the increasing penetration of nationally and internationally-based market relations into this old form of society does not dispense with the overriding priority for the acquisition of personal and social esteem .
as davis points out , however , the increasing penetration of nationally and internationally-based market relations into this old form of society does not dispense with the overriding priority for the [acquiring] of personal and social esteem .

Along with the acquisition of a home and yard goes an elaboration of the inside of the house in such a way as not only to further develop the idea of a pleasant and cozy home , but also to add new elements , with emphasis on having a nicely decorated room or family room , a home which closely approximates a standard of all-American affluence .
along with the [acquiring] of a home and yard goes an elaboration of the inside of the house in such a way as not only to further develop the idea of a pleasant and cozy home , but also to add new elements , with emphasis on having a nicely decorated room or family room , a home which closely approximates a standard of all-american affluence .

They have their own values and priorities , not the least of which is their self-preservation and acquisition of social status .
they have their own values and priorities , not the least of which is their self-preservation and [acquiring] of social status .

Their acquisition and maintenance will increasingly occupy human affairs .
their [acquiring] and maintenance will increasingly occupy human affairs .

Nationalization is the acquisition of private companies by the public sector .
nationalization is the [acquiring] of private companies by the public sector .

In the 1960 's computers were rare and very expensive and the only text acquisition method for corpus compilers was manual input .
in the 1960 's computers were rare and very expensive and the only text [acquiring] method for corpus compilers was manual input .

The use of corpora for automatic acquisition of lexical information has been advocated ( e.g .
the use of corpora for automatic [acquiring] of lexical information has been advocated ( e.g .

Such combinations are generally difficult for natural language systems to process due to the changes in the syntactic and semantic properties of the constituent words ( and the acquisition of information about the compounds ) .
such combinations are generally difficult for natural language systems to process due to the changes in the syntactic and semantic properties of the constituent words ( and the [acquiring] of information about the compounds ) .

4.9.1 . Acquisition of compounds
4.9.1 . [acquiring] of compounds

Unless this question is taken seriously then the acquisition of literacy can become simply a more subtle means of social control and cultural denial .
unless this question is taken seriously then the [acquiring] of literacy can become simply a more subtle means of social control and cultural denial .

Despite the need to spend hundreds of millions of pounds of public money on property acquisition , overnight we had the proposal for an eastern route into Stratford — a defeat for the Secretary of State , if we are to believe what we read in the newspapers , who wanted the original route .
despite the need to spend hundreds of millions of pounds of public money on property [acquiring] , overnight we had the proposal for an eastern route into stratford — a defeat for the secretary of state , if we are to believe what we read in the newspapers , who wanted the original route .

( 3 ) The consent of the Secretary of State is not required for the disposal of land which is or forms part of property mentioned in sub-paragraph ( 1 ) above where the disposal is in consequence of the compulsory acquisition of such land by any authority in pursuance of any power of compulsory acquisition under any enactment ; but the Funding Council shall inform the Secretary of State of any such compulsory acquisition .
( 3 ) the consent of the secretary of state is not required for the disposal of land which is or forms part of property mentioned in sub-paragraph ( 1 ) above where the disposal is in consequence of the compulsory [acquiring] of such land by any authority in pursuance of any power of compulsory [acquiring] under any enactment ; but the funding council shall inform the secretary of state of any such compulsory [acquiring] .

The Minister has gone some way towards allaying those fears by adding the proviso that any money from disposals should be used for the acquisition of further works .
the minister has gone some way towards allaying those fears by adding the proviso that any money from disposals should be used for the [acquiring] of further works .

If those at the Tate do not believe that the acquisition of one picture a year is sufficient to keep its contemporary art collection up to date , the Government could tell them to use the powers in the Bill to dispose of works of art .
if those at the tate do not believe that the [acquiring] of one picture a year is sufficient to keep its contemporary art collection up to date , the government could tell them to use the powers in the bill to dispose of works of art .

That is worrying in view of the way in which the Government have handled the purchasing grant — the acquisition grant — of the galleries in the past few years .
that is worrying in view of the way in which the government have handled the purchasing grant — the [acquiring] grant — of the galleries in the past few years .

In the past seven years , the acquisition grants of the galleries have been frozen .
in the past seven years , the [acquiring] grants of the galleries have been frozen .

We believe that your acquisition money should be frozen at the 1984 level .
we believe that your [acquiring] money should be frozen at the 1984 level .

Such works are out of the range of the Tate 's powers of acquisition .
such works are out of the range of the tate 's powers of [acquiring] .

He has increased funds to the Arts Council , so why has he not unfrozen the acquisition grants ?
he has increased funds to the arts council , so why has he not unfrozen the [acquiring] grants ?

They completed nearly 16,000 newly-built dwellings in the year to September 1991 , and together with acquisition and renovation of houses for letting , building for shared ownership sale , and other activities , the total output of housing associations was almost 22,000 units in 1990-91 , compared with only 16,000 in 1979 .
they completed nearly 16,000 newly-built dwellings in the year to september 1991 , and together with [acquiring] and renovation of houses for letting , building for shared ownership sale , and other activities , the total output of housing associations was almost 22,000 units in 1990-91 , compared with only 16,000 in 1979 .

If the British library is , as the Minister said , the greatest English language library in the world , why are the Government not providing acquisition money or adequate transitional money ?
if the british library is , as the minister said , the greatest english language library in the world , why are the government not providing [acquiring] money or adequate transitional money ?

Mr. Secretary Hunt , supported by Mr. Secretary Heseltine , Mr. David Mellor , Sir Wyn Roberts and Mr. Nicholas Bennett , presented a Bill to provide for the construction by the Cardiff Bay Development Corporation of a barrage across the mouth of Cardiff Bay with an outer harbour and of a tidal lagoon and for related works ; to make provision for the acquisition and use of land for the works ; to make provision about the operation and management of the barrage , the outer harbour , the water impounded by the barrage and the lagoon ; to make provision for dealing with property damage resulting from any alteration of groundwater levels which may occur in consequence of the construction of the barrage ; to enable other protective provisions to be made ; and for connected purposes : And the same was read the First time ; and ordered to be read a Second time tomorrow and to be printed .
mr. secretary hunt , supported by mr. secretary heseltine , mr. david mellor , sir wyn roberts and mr. nicholas bennett , presented a bill to provide for the construction by the cardiff bay development corporation of a barrage across the mouth of cardiff bay with an outer harbour and of a tidal lagoon and for related works ; to make provision for the [acquiring] and use of land for the works ; to make provision about the operation and management of the barrage , the outer harbour , the water impounded by the barrage and the lagoon ; to make provision for dealing with property damage resulting from any alteration of groundwater levels which may occur in consequence of the construction of the barrage ; to enable other protective provisions to be made ; and for connected purposes : and the same was read the first time ; and ordered to be read a second time tomorrow and to be printed .

It provides for the acquisition of land and rights associated with these main works .
it provides for the [acquiring] of land and rights associated with these main works .

Much of this work takes place in combination with the Archive 's continuing programme of data acquisition and data dissemination .
much of this work takes place in combination with the archive 's continuing programme of data [acquiring] and data dissemination .

Acquisition of reflexive social emotions and their contribution to self monitoring
[acquiring] of reflexive social emotions and their contribution to self monitoring

The latter will be examined with respect to their beliefs about development and emotionality of their children and the social practices they engage in , with a view to examining how such social practices contribute to the acquisition of the emotions in questions .
the latter will be examined with respect to their beliefs about development and emotionality of their children and the social practices they engage in , with a view to examining how such social practices contribute to the [acquiring] of the emotions in questions .

Vocalization pointing and the acquisition of speech
vocalization pointing and the [acquiring] of speech

Our general hypothesis , in studying the origins of pointing in babies , is that the ‘ referential ’ function of pointing may precede naming , in the acquisition of speech .
our general hypothesis , in studying the origins of pointing in babies , is that the ‘ referential ’ function of pointing may precede naming , in the [acquiring] of speech .

The aim of this research is to investigate the extent to which different reading patterns are related to different patterns of strength and weakness in performance in tasks which do not involve reading per se , but tap aspects of cognition which are relevant to the acquisition of reading .
the aim of this research is to investigate the extent to which different reading patterns are related to different patterns of strength and weakness in performance in tasks which do not involve reading per se , but tap aspects of cognition which are relevant to the [acquiring] of reading .

The acquisition of verb-phrase anaphora has not been investigated in previous research , although there has been some research into the acquisition of other cohesive devices such as conjunctions ( e.g .
the [acquiring] of verb-phrase anaphora has not been investigated in previous research , although there has been some research into the [acquiring] of other cohesive devices such as conjunctions ( e.g .

This study is concerned with the initial stages of children 's language acquisition , when they are speaking by using only one word at a time .
this study is concerned with the initial stages of children 's language [acquiring] , when they are speaking by using only one word at a time .

The aim of this research is to investigate in detail how babies are able to comprehend the gestures of looking and manual pointing in order to gain insight into the mechanisms of communication that precede the acquisition of language .
the aim of this research is to investigate in detail how babies are able to comprehend the gestures of looking and manual pointing in order to gain insight into the mechanisms of communication that precede the [acquiring] of language .

Peer interaction and logic programming — a study of the acquisition of MicroPROLOG
peer interaction and logic programming — a study of the [acquiring] of microprolog

Clearly , it is desirable to minimize search costs which include any expense associated with the acquisition of the source or access to it , as well as the searcher 's time .
clearly , it is desirable to minimize search costs which include any expense associated with the [acquiring] of the source or access to it , as well as the searcher 's time .

The assumption of individual self-interest also applies to the acquisition of information .
the assumption of individual self-interest also applies to the [acquiring] of information .

Just before rehearsals began , James Roose-Evans announced that another of his adaptations , The Best of Friends , had suddenly had its production brought forward , due to the unexpected acquisition of Sir John Gielgud .
just before rehearsals began , james roose-evans announced that another of his adaptations , the best of friends , had suddenly had its production brought forward , due to the unexpected [acquiring] of sir john gielgud .

However , we have to remember that offsetting a large part of this acquisition of funds is an outflow which is being used to meet claims and other expenses .
however , we have to remember that offsetting a large part of this [acquiring] of funds is an outflow which is being used to meet claims and other expenses .

What is more significant for our purpose is that proportion of premium income which found its way into the acquisition of other financial assets .
what is more significant for our purpose is that proportion of premium income which found its way into the [acquiring] of other financial assets .

In addition , the rate of acquisition of unit trusts increased sharply in the mid-1980s : purchases were worth 2.7bn in 1987 .
in addition , the rate of [acquiring] of unit trusts increased sharply in the mid-1980s : purchases were worth 2.7bn in 1987 .

The report provided a lengthy and thorough account of the acquisition and use of the entire range of language skills , stage by stage , from infancy to adulthood , and the problems and difficulties that can occur .
the report provided a lengthy and thorough account of the [acquiring] and use of the entire range of language skills , stage by stage , from infancy to adulthood , and the problems and difficulties that can occur .

The assessment was based on a framework which described the orders of acquisition of number concepts .
the assessment was based on a framework which described the orders of [acquiring] of number concepts .

We identified ‘ hierarchical strands ’ , in which , for the children interviewed , the acquisition of one ability depended on the development of an earlier ability , allowing assessment of each child 's understanding of number concepts .
we identified ‘ hierarchical strands ’ , in which , for the children interviewed , the [acquiring] of one ability depended on the development of an earlier ability , allowing assessment of each child 's understanding of number concepts .

He must no doubt be acting not for the mere purpose of putting money in his pocket , but for some legitimate purpose other than the mere acquisition of money … … .
he must no doubt be acting not for the mere purpose of putting money in his pocket , but for some legitimate purpose other than the mere [acquiring] of money … … .

Describe and critically evaluate the Social Learning Theory of the acquisition of Gender Identity .
describe and critically evaluate the social learning theory of the [acquiring] of gender identity .

Social Learning Theory is one of the four theories of gender acquisition and relies on imitation and conditioning of a child as the main forces behind the acquisition of gender identity .
social learning theory is one of the four theories of gender [acquiring] and relies on imitation and conditioning of a child as the main forces behind the [acquiring] of gender identity .

The acquisition in October 1992 of The Alta Group Inc. , a leading supplier of high purity titanium , has made a significant contribution to operating profit .
the [acquiring] in october 1992 of the alta group inc. , a leading supplier of high purity titanium , has made a significant contribution to operating profit .

Operating profit growth was strengthened further by the acquisition of The Alta Group Inc. on 1st October 1992 .
operating profit growth was strengthened further by the [acquiring] of the alta group inc. on 1st october 1992 .

The results of companies acquired or disposed of in the year are dealt with from or up to the effective date of acquisition or disposal respectively .
the results of companies acquired or disposed of in the year are dealt with from or up to the effective date of [acquiring] or disposal respectively .

The net assets of companies acquired are incorporated in the consolidated accounts at their fair values to the group at the date of acquisition .
the net assets of companies acquired are incorporated in the consolidated accounts at their fair values to the group at the date of [acquiring] .

During the year the group made one acquisition : The Alta Group Inc . The effect of this acquisition on the profit and loss account was as follows :
during the year the group made one [acquiring] : the alta group inc . the effect of this [acquiring] on the profit and loss account was as follows :

Further details of this acquisition are given in note 25 on page 54 .
further details of this [acquiring] are given in note 25 on page 54 .

The Latin Psalter points towards Charles 's acquisition of literacy .
the latin psalter points towards charles 's [acquiring] of literacy .

Many innovations have more to do with changes in the value systems of the individuals concerned than with the acquisition of wholly new skills .
many innovations have more to do with changes in the value systems of the individuals concerned than with the [acquiring] of wholly new skills .

It is not recorded whether the Salas diary was his most recent acquisition or whether it appealed most to the colleague but the following story is quite remarkable .
it is not recorded whether the salas diary was his most recent [acquiring] or whether it appealed most to the colleague but the following story is quite remarkable .

The use of investigations promotes active learning , the acquisition of transferable skills and articulates well with other educational provision .
the use of investigations promotes active learning , the [acquiring] of transferable skills and articulates well with other educational provision .

making existing facilities used by employees readily accessible to and usable by individuals with disabilities ; and … job restructuring , part-time or modified work schedules , reassignment to a vacant position , acquisition or modification of equipment or devices , appropriate adjustment or modifications of examinations , training materials or policies , the provision of qualified readers or interpreters , and other similar accommodations for individuals with disabilities .
making existing facilities used by employees readily accessible to and usable by individuals with disabilities ; and … job restructuring , part-time or modified work schedules , reassignment to a vacant position , [acquiring] or modification of equipment or devices , appropriate adjustment or modifications of examinations , training materials or policies , the provision of qualified readers or interpreters , and other similar accommodations for individuals with disabilities .

The corporations had wide powers of acquisition and management of the requisite areas ‘ and generally to do anything necessary or expedient for the purposes of the new town or for the purposes incidental thereto ’ .
the corporations had wide powers of [acquiring] and management of the requisite areas ‘ and generally to do anything necessary or expedient for the purposes of the new town or for the purposes incidental thereto ’ .

Lewandowski , Dunn & Kirsner , 1989 ; Nissen & Bullemer , 1987 ; Reber , 1989 ; Roediger , 1990 ; Schacter , 1987 ) with many researchers suggesting that the acquisition of knowledge about even apparently complex relationships proceeds without conscious awareness .
lewandowski , dunn & kirsner , 1989 ; nissen & bullemer , 1987 ; reber , 1989 ; roediger , 1990 ; schacter , 1987 ) with many researchers suggesting that the [acquiring] of knowledge about even apparently complex relationships proceeds without conscious awareness .

By disposing of Petromed 's investment portfolio , we have reduced the cost of the acquisition by about $ 300 million .
by disposing of petromed 's investment portfolio , we have reduced the cost of the [acquiring] by about $ 300 million .

1992 also saw the establishment of two new aggregate businesses serving the European market with the opening of the new Wimpey Fleming joint venture coastal quarry in Bantry Bay , Ireland and the acquisition of a controlling interest in Severokamen , the first state owned quarrying business in the Czech Republic to be privatised .
1992 also saw the establishment of two new aggregate businesses serving the european market with the opening of the new wimpey fleming joint venture coastal quarry in bantry bay , ireland and the [acquiring] of a controlling interest in severokamen , the first state owned quarrying business in the czech republic to be privatised .

With the acquisition of Normandy from its Angevin rulers in 1204 , Philip 's position was strengthened .
with the [acquiring] of normandy from its angevin rulers in 1204 , philip 's position was strengthened .

Delays in land acquisition
delays in land [acquiring]

The government approved on Jan. 9 the partial privatization of three banks , including one sale involving foreign acquisition .
the government approved on jan. 9 the partial privatization of three banks , including one sale involving foreign [acquiring] .

The agreement committed both sides to co-operate `` in the fields of research and development , production and acquisition of defence systems and material `` .
the agreement committed both sides to co-operate `` in the fields of research and development , production and [acquiring] of defence systems and material `` .

Land Acquisition Bill
land [acquiring] bill

On Feb. 27 the government tabled in parliament the long-expected Land Acquisition Bill allowing for the compulsory purchase of 5,500,000 hectares of predominantly white-owned land .
on feb. 27 the government tabled in parliament the long-expected land [acquiring] bill allowing for the compulsory purchase of 5,500,000 hectares of predominantly white-owned land .

The Act included provisions ( i ) raising the minimum age for gun ownership from 16 to 18 ; ( ii ) introducing a mandatory 28-day waiting period before an acquisition certificate was issued ; ( iii ) prohibiting the possession of fully automatic firearms , sawn-off rifles , shotguns , firearm silencers and other weapons , and ( iv ) doubling the maximum prison sentence for illegal possession of a prohibited weapon to 10 years .
the act included provisions ( i ) raising the minimum age for gun ownership from 16 to 18 ; ( ii ) introducing a mandatory 28-day waiting period before an [acquiring] certificate was issued ; ( iii ) prohibiting the possession of fully automatic firearms , sawn-off rifles , shotguns , firearm silencers and other weapons , and ( iv ) doubling the maximum prison sentence for illegal possession of a prohibited weapon to 10 years .

In a series of subsequent , apparently conciliatory , gestures reported on Dec. 16 , Kurdish leaders agreed to appoint an inquiry into the alleged massacre of 60 Iraqi soldiers in October [ see p. 38548 ] after the government announced that it had lifted restrictions on the acquisition of property by Kurds in the oil-producing town of Kirkuk and issued a decree exempting Kurds from swearing allegiance to the ruling Ba'ath Party .
in a series of subsequent , apparently conciliatory , gestures reported on dec. 16 , kurdish leaders agreed to appoint an inquiry into the alleged massacre of 60 iraqi soldiers in october [ see p. 38548 ] after the government announced that it had lifted restrictions on the [acquiring] of property by kurds in the oil-producing town of kirkuk and issued a decree exempting kurds from swearing allegiance to the ruling ba'ath party .

[ For delay in sale of Russian submarines and Iran 's alleged acquisition of nuclear weapons see p. 39122 . ]
[ for delay in sale of russian submarines and iran 's alleged [acquiring] of nuclear weapons see p. 39122 . ]

Land Acquisition Bill
land [acquiring] bill

The controversial Land Acquisition Bill was passed unanimously by the House of Assembly on March 19 [ see p. 38751 for introduction ] .
the controversial land [acquiring] bill was passed unanimously by the house of assembly on march 19 [ see p. 38751 for introduction ] .

Historical literacy today encompasses a wide range of skills as well as the acquisition of and understanding of knowledge .
historical literacy today encompasses a wide range of skills as well as the [acquiring] of and understanding of knowledge .

It is often seen as a subject with very limited aims , usually the acquisition of knowledge and information about ages remote from our own , and whose teaching is restricted to dictated notes , copying from textbooks and rote learning .
it is often seen as a subject with very limited aims , usually the [acquiring] of knowledge and information about ages remote from our own , and whose teaching is restricted to dictated notes , copying from textbooks and rote learning .

Vocabulary acquisition .
vocabulary [acquiring] .

Vocational education is often thought of as the acquisition of knowledge and skills directly applicable to the job ; but in most posts what is required is not so much the acquisition of a skill as progressive development in the fields of human relations , of judgment , and of general educational standards .
vocational education is often thought of as the [acquiring] of knowledge and skills directly applicable to the job ; but in most posts what is required is not so much the [acquiring] of a skill as progressive development in the fields of human relations , of judgment , and of general educational standards .

Acquisition of title by possession
[acquiring] of title by possession

Creole acquisition as second language learning ?
creole [acquiring] as second language learning ?

Edwards describes the behaviour of this group as `` highly reminiscent of that of second language learners `` , using the data from the Patois competence scores and statistical methods drawn from second language acquisition research , to arrive at an `` acquisitional hierarchy `` for British black speakers .
edwards describes the behaviour of this group as `` highly reminiscent of that of second language learners `` , using the data from the patois competence scores and statistical methods drawn from second language [acquiring] research , to arrive at an `` acquisitional hierarchy `` for british black speakers .

But the existence of an implicational hierarchy alone can not justify treating speakers as second language learners , in the absence of evidence that acquisition is actually going on .
but the existence of an implicational hierarchy alone can not justify treating speakers as second language learners , in the absence of evidence that [acquiring] is actually going on .

To decide whether they really are learning Creole as a second language , we need information about at least two areas : ( 1 ) the age of acquisition ; ( 2 ) the nature of the process of acquisition itself .
to decide whether they really are learning creole as a second language , we need information about at least two areas : ( 1 ) the age of [acquiring] ; ( 2 ) the nature of the process of [acquiring] itself .

As regards the age of acquisition , there are conflicting reports .
as regards the age of [acquiring] , there are conflicting reports .

There are some studies which support the claim that early acquisition also seems to make for better syntactic ability `` ( Romaine 1989 : 214 – 15 ) .
there are some studies which support the claim that early [acquiring] also seems to make for better syntactic ability `` ( romaine 1989 : 214 – 15 ) .

The acquisition of Creole by London-born Caribbeans is similar to acquiring a new dialect , in the sense that British English and Jamaican Creole share much of their grammar , phonology and lexis .
the [acquiring] of creole by london-born caribbeans is similar to acquiring a new dialect , in the sense that british english and jamaican creole share much of their grammar , phonology and lexis .

Creole learning as new dialect acquisition
creole learning as new dialect [acquiring]

However , Trudgill also shows that different speakers may follow different routes towards complete acquisition of a new dialect .
however , trudgill also shows that different speakers may follow different routes towards complete [acquiring] of a new dialect .

Drawing on research by Nordenstam ( 1979 ) , Rogers ( 1981 ) and Trudgill ( 1982 ) , Trudgill reaches the conclusion that the fixed route of acquisition is confined to adults , or perhaps more probably to adolescents .
drawing on research by nordenstam ( 1979 ) , rogers ( 1981 ) and trudgill ( 1982 ) , trudgill reaches the conclusion that the fixed route of [acquiring] is confined to adults , or perhaps more probably to adolescents .

Once again , the question of age of acquisition is important in determining the relevance of the process of new dialect acquisition to the learning of Creole .
once again , the question of age of [acquiring] is important in determining the relevance of the process of new dialect [acquiring] to the learning of creole .

If `` Creole `` is a second dialect rather than a second language , delaying its acquisition until adolescence will still have a limiting effect on how well it can be learned .
if `` creole `` is a second dialect rather than a second language , delaying its [acquiring] until adolescence will still have a limiting effect on how well it can be learned .

It is interesting that Trudgill finds that new dialect acquisition is more likely to follow the `` fixed route `` in older learners .
it is interesting that trudgill finds that new dialect [acquiring] is more likely to follow the `` fixed route `` in older learners .

This would be in accordance with the `` acquisition hierarchy `` observed by Edwards , assuming that the acquisition is of a second dialect rather than a new language altogether .
this would be in accordance with the `` [acquiring] hierarchy `` observed by edwards , assuming that the [acquiring] is of a second dialect rather than a new language altogether .

New dialect acquisition is a more attractive explanation of the London Creole speakers ' behaviour than second language acquisition for several reasons .
new dialect [acquiring] is a more attractive explanation of the london creole speakers ' behaviour than second language [acquiring] for several reasons .

( d ) To acquire or undertake the whole or any part of the business , goodwill , and assets of any person , firm , or company carrying on or proposing to carry on the business or any part of the business which the Company is authorised to carry on and as part of the consideration for such acquisition to undertake all or any of the liabilities of such person , firm or company , or to acquire an interest in , amalgamate with , or enter into partnership or into any arrangement for sharing profits , or for co-operation , or for mutual assistance with any such person , firm or company , or for subsidising or otherwise assisting any person , firm or company , and to give or accept by way of consideration for any of the acts or things aforesaid or property acquired , any shares , debentures , debenture stock or securities that may be agreed upon , and to hold and retain , or sell , mortgage and deal with any shares , debentures , debenture stock of securities so received .
( d ) to acquire or undertake the whole or any part of the business , goodwill , and assets of any person , firm , or company carrying on or proposing to carry on the business or any part of the business which the company is authorised to carry on and as part of the consideration for such [acquiring] to undertake all or any of the liabilities of such person , firm or company , or to acquire an interest in , amalgamate with , or enter into partnership or into any arrangement for sharing profits , or for co-operation , or for mutual assistance with any such person , firm or company , or for subsidising or otherwise assisting any person , firm or company , and to give or accept by way of consideration for any of the acts or things aforesaid or property acquired , any shares , debentures , debenture stock or securities that may be agreed upon , and to hold and retain , or sell , mortgage and deal with any shares , debentures , debenture stock of securities so received .

( d ) To acquire or undertake the whole or any part of the business , goodwill , and assets of any person , firm , or company carrying on or proposing to carry on the business or any part of the business which the Company is authorised to carry on and as part of the consideration for such acquisition to undertake all or any of the liabilities of such person , firm or company , or to acquire an interest in , amalgamate with , or enter into partnership or into any arrangement for sharing profits , or for co-operation , or for mutual assistance with any such person , firm or company , or for subsidising or otherwise assisting any person , firm or company , and to give or accept by way of consideration for any of the acts or things aforesaid or property acquired , any shares , debentures , debenture stock or securities that may be agreed upon , and to hold and retain , or sell , mortgage and deal with any shares , debentures , debenture stock of securities so received .
( d ) to acquire or undertake the whole or any part of the business , goodwill , and assets of any person , firm , or company carrying on or proposing to carry on the business or any part of the business which the company is authorised to carry on and as part of the consideration for such [acquiring] to undertake all or any of the liabilities of such person , firm or company , or to acquire an interest in , amalgamate with , or enter into partnership or into any arrangement for sharing profits , or for co-operation , or for mutual assistance with any such person , firm or company , or for subsidising or otherwise assisting any person , firm or company , and to give or accept by way of consideration for any of the acts or things aforesaid or property acquired , any shares , debentures , debenture stock or securities that may be agreed upon , and to hold and retain , or sell , mortgage and deal with any shares , debentures , debenture stock of securities so received .

Contracts for the acquisition and use of computer hardware and software are dealt with in this Part .
contracts for the [acquiring] and use of computer hardware and software are dealt with in this part .

Contracts for the acquisition of computer equipment and software present special problems , many of which flow from the unique nature of computer technology .
contracts for the [acquiring] of computer equipment and software present special problems , many of which flow from the unique nature of computer technology .

The lack of , or defects in , the specification are probably at the heart of most disputes resulting from the acquisition of computer equipment and software .
the lack of , or defects in , the specification are probably at the heart of most disputes resulting from the [acquiring] of computer equipment and software .

Contracts for the acquisition of software alone can not be sale of goods contracts ; the title to the software is not normally transferred nor is a computer program a good .
contracts for the [acquiring] of software alone can not be sale of goods contracts ; the title to the software is not normally transferred nor is a computer program a good .

Uphold the educational standards and policies of the Association and support the advancement and acquisition of education , training and qualifications .
uphold the educational standards and policies of the association and support the advancement and [acquiring] of education , training and qualifications .

Help and encourage their professional development through the acquisition of skills , qualifications and training .
help and encourage their professional development through the [acquiring] of skills , qualifications and training .

At the same time , we will be paying special attention to the acquisition of management skills , providing specific training courses to develop in our trainees the confidence and resourcefulness needed to take on the responsibilities of running a busy section .
at the same time , we will be paying special attention to the [acquiring] of management skills , providing specific training courses to develop in our trainees the confidence and resourcefulness needed to take on the responsibilities of running a busy section .

This explains latent acquisition of vocabulary and language patterns as well as active acquisition ( Rivers 1964 p 38 ) .
this explains latent [acquiring] of vocabulary and language patterns as well as active [acquiring] ( rivers 1964 p 38 ) .

In their `` Language Acquisition Made Practical `` , Brewster and Brewster ( see Bibliography ) offer a very useful daily programme to follow , together with suggestions for evaluating your progress , and lots of ideas for topics for continuing language study .
in their `` language [acquiring] made practical `` , brewster and brewster ( see bibliography ) offer a very useful daily programme to follow , together with suggestions for evaluating your progress , and lots of ideas for topics for continuing language study .

There are excellent detailed suggestions for such vocabulary topics in Brewster and Brewster , Language Acquisition Made Practical , ch .
there are excellent detailed suggestions for such vocabulary topics in brewster and brewster , language [acquiring] made practical , ch .

On an acquisition level , it means only looking at the assets , market valuation and cash-flow rather than at the nature of the business .
on an [acquiring] level , it means only looking at the assets , market valuation and cash-flow rather than at the nature of the business .

Additionally , we will continue to look for suitable opportunities to work with appropriate companies to expand and improve our business through partnership or acquisition .
additionally , we will continue to look for suitable opportunities to work with appropriate companies to expand and improve our business through partnership or [acquiring] .

Since the acquisition , a restructuring of the marketing and finance functions has provided increased focus for this business which is well placed to take full advantage of the developing Mexican economy .
since the [acquiring] , a restructuring of the marketing and finance functions has provided increased focus for this business which is well placed to take full advantage of the developing mexican economy .

Further portfolio development — through partnership , new product development , line extension and acquisition — will provide additional growth potential for United Distillers in the medium to long term .
further portfolio development — through partnership , new product development , line extension and [acquiring] — will provide additional growth potential for united distillers in the medium to long term .

It meets at least every two months , setting and monitoring Group strategy , reviewing trading performance , ensuring adequate funding , examining major acquisition and joint venture possibilities , formulating policy on key issues and reporting to shareholders .
it meets at least every two months , setting and monitoring group strategy , reviewing trading performance , ensuring adequate funding , examining major [acquiring] and joint venture possibilities , formulating policy on key issues and reporting to shareholders .

The acquisition of Aberdeen-based Marioff Engineering Services ( renamed Wood-Way Hydraulic Services ) provides us with significant hydraulics capability and the acquisition of 65 % of Thistle Engineering , also in Aberdeen , gives us important dimensional control technology which will help to reduce the amount of welding work which is currently carried out offshore .
the [acquiring] of aberdeen-based marioff engineering services ( renamed wood-way hydraulic services ) provides us with significant hydraulics capability and the [acquiring] of 65 % of thistle engineering , also in aberdeen , gives us important dimensional control technology which will help to reduce the amount of welding work which is currently carried out offshore .

This development programme included the acquisition of the former Texaco fuel terminal in Aberdeen .
this development programme included the [acquiring] of the former texaco fuel terminal in aberdeen .

In early 1993 , the acquisition of Marioff Nortest was also concluded , allowing the Group to establish its first operating base in Norway .
in early 1993 , the [acquiring] of marioff nortest was also concluded , allowing the group to establish its first operating base in norway .

The acquisition of 49 % of Arabian Oil Equipment Services in 1991 has allowed the Group to penetrate petroleum and petrochemical markets throughout the Middle East .
the [acquiring] of 49 % of arabian oil equipment services in 1991 has allowed the group to penetrate petroleum and petrochemical markets throughout the middle east .

Downhole Date Acquisition
downhole date [acquiring]

Strictly speaking an introduction to the Stock Exchange merely involves the acquisition of a listing and the permission for the company 's existing shares to be traded on the Exchange .
strictly speaking an introduction to the stock exchange merely involves the [acquiring] of a listing and the permission for the company 's existing shares to be traded on the exchange .

The group , following the Ward White Group acquisition , has borrowings of nearly £600m which makes it particularly sensitive to the interest rate increase .
the group , following the ward white group [acquiring] , has borrowings of nearly £600m which makes it particularly sensitive to the interest rate increase .

The fraud by International Signal and Control , the American defence company which Ferranti bought two years ago , was not revealed in the audit carried out when Ferranti made the acquisition .
the fraud by international signal and control , the american defence company which ferranti bought two years ago , was not revealed in the audit carried out when ferranti made the [acquiring] .

The same disagreement has emerged more recently in the context of human language acquisition , in the debate between those who , like Noam Chomsky , suppose that human beings have an innate capacity to acquire language , and the behaviourists , who argue that language acquisition can be explained in the same way as most other behaviour , by operant conditioning : we learn to speak grammatically because we receive reinforcement when we do so .
the same disagreement has emerged more recently in the context of human language [acquiring] , in the debate between those who , like noam chomsky , suppose that human beings have an innate capacity to acquire language , and the behaviourists , who argue that language [acquiring] can be explained in the same way as most other behaviour , by operant conditioning : we learn to speak grammatically because we receive reinforcement when we do so .

For the activist and ‘ committed ’ core of the Movement , especially for the younger element , the perceived Führer image stood symbolically for ideological precepts — preparing for a show-down with Bolshevism , acquisition of Lebensraum , ‘ removal of Jews ’ — which were ‘ directions for action ’ long before they were realizable objectives .
for the activist and ‘ committed ’ core of the movement , especially for the younger element , the perceived führer image stood symbolically for ideological precepts — preparing for a show-down with bolshevism , [acquiring] of lebensraum , ‘ removal of jews ’ — which were ‘ directions for action ’ long before they were realizable objectives .

Every acquisition was carefully stored in a massive wardrobe the magpie-like singer was building up .
every [acquiring] was carefully stored in a massive wardrobe the magpie-like singer was building up .

‘ Defence of self-interest ’ was linked to defence of ‘ traditional institutions ’ , for Zuwaya economic activity in the past had not been anarchic and unbridled , but subject to both social and religious controls over the acquisition and use of wealth .
‘ defence of self-interest ’ was linked to defence of ‘ traditional institutions ’ , for zuwaya economic activity in the past had not been anarchic and unbridled , but subject to both social and religious controls over the [acquiring] and use of wealth .

Within these limits of acquisition and expenditure , Zuwaya admired and enjoyed wealth .
within these limits of [acquiring] and expenditure , zuwaya admired and enjoyed wealth .

After pointing out that Mrs Shephard was deputy chairman of the Conservative Party , Mr Major then made what was probably the nearest thing to a gaffe in the campaign : ‘ She 's a splendid acquisition , do n't you think ? ’ he said to a packed conference centre .
after pointing out that mrs shephard was deputy chairman of the conservative party , mr major then made what was probably the nearest thing to a gaffe in the campaign : ‘ she 's a splendid [acquiring] , do n't you think ? ’ he said to a packed conference centre .

Shareholders nodded-through the acquisition and capital raising on Monday and the deal is due to be completed tomorrow , giving Sunleigh a new role in life as a leisure company .
shareholders nodded-through the [acquiring] and capital raising on monday and the deal is due to be completed tomorrow , giving sunleigh a new role in life as a leisure company .

Richard Agutter , head of Peat 's merger and acquisition network , said the relatively low average values indicated that British companies were making cross-border deals for strategic reasons ‘ rather than going for the mega-deals ’ .
richard agutter , head of peat 's merger and [acquiring] network , said the relatively low average values indicated that british companies were making cross-border deals for strategic reasons ‘ rather than going for the mega-deals ’ .

More than two-thirds have previously been involved in making an acquisition and most are in their forties .
more than two-thirds have previously been involved in making an [acquiring] and most are in their forties .

Not much strength was expended in the acquisition of the first game , which she took in only 12 minutes , before Jackman had found her bearings .
not much strength was expended in the [acquiring] of the first game , which she took in only 12 minutes , before jackman had found her bearings .

The outturn tops the £1½m forecast in December , when calling on shareholders for £3m — with a 1-for-3 rights issue at 43p a share — at the same time as announcing the acquisition of Mediterranean flotilla holiday specialist Sunsail International , for £8m in shares .
the outturn tops the £1½m forecast in december , when calling on shareholders for £3m — with a 1-for-3 rights issue at 43p a share — at the same time as announcing the [acquiring] of mediterranean flotilla holiday specialist sunsail international , for £8m in shares .

Special rules as to the acquisition of public rights of way by lapse of time have been made by the Rights of Way Act 1932 .
special rules as to the [acquiring] of public rights of way by lapse of time have been made by the rights of way act 1932 .

The Empire reached its zenith after the First World War with the acquisition of former German colonies in Africa and with the addition of League of Nations mandates to govern parts of the old Ottoman Empire in the Middle East — Palestine , Jordan and Iraq .
the empire reached its zenith after the first world war with the [acquiring] of former german colonies in africa and with the addition of league of nations mandates to govern parts of the old ottoman empire in the middle east — palestine , jordan and iraq .

The Americans did not want Britain to acquire weapons of her own , and , though they were not prepared to say so publicly , they were determined to make acquisition as difficult and expensive as possible .
the americans did not want britain to acquire weapons of her own , and , though they were not prepared to say so publicly , they were determined to make [acquiring] as difficult and expensive as possible .

The row over the Fayed brothers ' acquisition simmers on , thanks to the Bank of England 's embarrassment over Harrods Bank .
the row over the fayed brothers ' [acquiring] simmers on , thanks to the bank of england 's embarrassment over harrods bank .

Foreigners can win control of German firms , but usually only when the target company is in trouble and when no leading German firm objects to the acquisition .
foreigners can win control of german firms , but usually only when the target company is in trouble and when no leading german firm objects to the [acquiring] .

Hobbes defines ‘ place ’ as the ‘ space which is possessed or filled adequately by some body ’ , and ‘ motion ’ as ‘ the privation of one place , and the acquisition of another ’ .
hobbes defines ‘ place ’ as the ‘ space which is possessed or filled adequately by some body ’ , and ‘ motion ’ as ‘ the privation of one place , and the [acquiring] of another ’ .

Much of what Gassendi says about the acquisition and formation of ideas became commonplace among later empiricists , being developed by Locke in more detail and at much greater length .
much of what gassendi says about the [acquiring] and formation of ideas became commonplace among later empiricists , being developed by locke in more detail and at much greater length .

The Pattyndennes were of the newly emerging class of yeomanry , who with the gradual acquisition of land in the fertile valleys of the Weald were one step ahead of the rest of agricultural England during the mid-fifteenth century .
the pattyndennes were of the newly emerging class of yeomanry , who with the gradual [acquiring] of land in the fertile valleys of the weald were one step ahead of the rest of agricultural england during the mid-fifteenth century .

He was establishing a pattern of behaviour that with minimal alterations was to become essential to his habitual well-being : long walks with a selected companion , in place of the organized games and sports of boyhood and middle-school days ; the acquisition of semi-rural skills — fishing , bird nesting , skinning pelts , skilful carpentry , well-arranged collecting of eggs and butterflies and specimens ; and , always , the adventure of trespass and unusual exploration that was , in some frenetic way , aimed at the rapid expansion of suburban villa London into older , more rural surrounding communities .
he was establishing a pattern of behaviour that with minimal alterations was to become essential to his habitual well-being : long walks with a selected companion , in place of the organized games and sports of boyhood and middle-school days ; the [acquiring] of semi-rural skills — fishing , bird nesting , skinning pelts , skilful carpentry , well-arranged collecting of eggs and butterflies and specimens ; and , always , the adventure of trespass and unusual exploration that was , in some frenetic way , aimed at the rapid expansion of suburban villa london into older , more rural surrounding communities .

The ‘ defending ’ firm 's use of any legal ploy , including ‘ poison pills ’ designed to make the acquisition indigestible , is cheerfully assumed to be fair .
the ‘ defending ’ firm 's use of any legal ploy , including ‘ poison pills ’ designed to make the [acquiring] indigestible , is cheerfully assumed to be fair .

The fascination of this book is in its clear-sighted debunking of the myths which many have fondly mistaken for historical truth : that Columbus was really aiming for Asia , that he and his sailors thought the world was flat , that Queen Isabella pawned her jewels to finance his trips and came down with her husband to wave him off from the docks , or even ( a fondly-cherished delusion ) that these were journeys of discovery rather than intentional acquisition and expansion of the Spanish empire .
the fascination of this book is in its clear-sighted debunking of the myths which many have fondly mistaken for historical truth : that columbus was really aiming for asia , that he and his sailors thought the world was flat , that queen isabella pawned her jewels to finance his trips and came down with her husband to wave him off from the docks , or even ( a fondly-cherished delusion ) that these were journeys of discovery rather than intentional [acquiring] and expansion of the spanish empire .

In California , Wells Fargo 's acquisition of Crocker National in 1986 is an example of a bigger deal that was planned and executed with military precision .
in california , wells fargo 's [acquiring] of crocker national in 1986 is an example of a bigger deal that was planned and executed with military precision .

Mr William Farley , who acquired a slew of manufacturing companies with junk-bond financing arranged by Drexel , has had to resort to a bridging loan from banks to finance his acquisition of West Point-Pepperell , a textile giant .
mr william farley , who acquired a slew of manufacturing companies with junk-bond financing arranged by drexel , has had to resort to a bridging loan from banks to finance his [acquiring] of west point-pepperell , a textile giant .

The study 's main measure of an acquisition 's success is the subsequent course of the acquirer 's share price compared with the share-price movement of a group of similar banks .
the study 's main measure of an [acquiring] 's success is the subsequent course of the acquirer 's share price compared with the share-price movement of a group of similar banks .

Five and six years after an acquisition , the average acquiring bank 's share price is 30–40% lower than that of its peer group and the acquirer is likely to be taken over .
five and six years after an [acquiring] , the average acquiring bank 's share price is 30–40% lower than that of its peer group and the acquirer is likely to be taken over .

* ‘ Analyzing Success and Failure in Banking Consolidation : The Implications for Bank Acquisition Strategies .
* ‘ analyzing success and failure in banking consolidation : the implications for bank [acquiring] strategies .

So , the argument runs , Hanson is under pressure to make a big acquisition , soon .
so , the argument runs , hanson is under pressure to make a big [acquiring] , soon .

Milling and baking continued to account for over a third of these totals and grocery products , particularly the enlarged fruit juice business , made strong gains in both sales and profit , along with the United States branch after rationalisation and the tomato products acquisition .
milling and baking continued to account for over a third of these totals and grocery products , particularly the enlarged fruit juice business , made strong gains in both sales and profit , along with the united states branch after rationalisation and the tomato products [acquiring] .

Farmers Group , the American insurer it bought last year , showed a surplus of £205million in the nine months to September — and should now make more than enough money in the full year to cover the cost of its acquisition .
farmers group , the american insurer it bought last year , showed a surplus of £205million in the nine months to september — and should now make more than enough money in the full year to cover the cost of its [acquiring] .

Turnover rose £155million to £1.06billion following the Horizon acquisition .
turnover rose £155million to £1.06billion following the horizon [acquiring] .

Milling and baking continued to account for over a third of these totals and grocery products , particularly the enlarged fruit juice business , made strong gains in both sales and profit , along with the United States branch after rationalisation and the tomato products acquisition .
milling and baking continued to account for over a third of these totals and grocery products , particularly the enlarged fruit juice business , made strong gains in both sales and profit , along with the united states branch after rationalisation and the tomato products [acquiring] .

Farmers Group , the American insurer it bought last year , showed a surplus of £205million in the nine months to September — and should now make more than enough money in the full year to cover the cost of its acquisition .
farmers group , the american insurer it bought last year , showed a surplus of £205million in the nine months to september — and should now make more than enough money in the full year to cover the cost of its [acquiring] .

Turnover rose £155million to £1.06billion following the Horizon acquisition .
turnover rose £155million to £1.06billion following the horizon [acquiring] .

The acquisition of Martindale-Hubbell has cost the British publisher $ 303million ( £194million ) and takes its spending on magazines and directories this year to £847million .
the [acquiring] of martindale-hubbell has cost the british publisher $ 303million ( £194million ) and takes its spending on magazines and directories this year to £847million .

The City welcomed the purchase by marking Reed 's shares up 9p to 410p , but was more surprised by News Corporation 's acquisition of the textbook publishing arm of Time-Warner .
the city welcomed the purchase by marking reed 's shares up 9p to 410p , but was more surprised by news corporation 's [acquiring] of the textbook publishing arm of time-warner .

Pre-tax profit fell £4.1million to £12.2 million in the year to September 30 , in line with the severely-reduced expecations after the Cadillac Rubber acquisition and rights issue in July .
pre-tax profit fell £4.1million to £12.2 million in the year to september 30 , in line with the severely-reduced expecations after the cadillac rubber [acquiring] and rights issue in july .

Though Tory Party chairman , Mr Kenneth Baker , announced the acquisition of the former London offices of Thames Water only yesterday , the soon-to-be-privatised company revealed the deal was struck before September 1 when new rules came into effect .
though tory party chairman , mr kenneth baker , announced the [acquiring] of the former london offices of thames water only yesterday , the soon-to-be-privatised company revealed the deal was struck before september 1 when new rules came into effect .

The 11th-hour acquisition by Mrs David Thompson , wife of the owner of Cheveley Park Stud , of Roc de Prince and Party Politics , may be in vain , again on the expectation of near-perfect going .
the 11th-hour [acquiring] by mrs david thompson , wife of the owner of cheveley park stud , of roc de prince and party politics , may be in vain , again on the expectation of near-perfect going .

The molluscs were ultimately derived from a soft-bodied creature somewhat like the living flatworms , but the acquisition of hard parts happened very early on , low in the Cambrian of before , and by the Ordovician the important living classes were well established .
the molluscs were ultimately derived from a soft-bodied creature somewhat like the living flatworms , but the [acquiring] of hard parts happened very early on , low in the cambrian of before , and by the ordovician the important living classes were well established .

the process of deciding on objectives of the organisation , on changes in these objectives , on the resources used to attain these objectives and on the policies that are to govern the acquisition , use and disposition of these resources . Anthony ( 1965 ) p. 24
the process of deciding on objectives of the organisation , on changes in these objectives , on the resources used to attain these objectives and on the policies that are to govern the [acquiring] , use and disposition of these resources . anthony ( 1965 ) p. 24

The essential functional activities would be firstly , the acquisition of resources which involves the identification and securing of resources and then , secondly , the allocation of resources .
the essential functional activities would be firstly , the [acquiring] of resources which involves the identification and securing of resources and then , secondly , the allocation of resources .

However , there is a note written on the front cover of the memorandum to say that ‘ nothing will be done until an Act is obtained for the acquisition of the Leicester Canals ’ .
however , there is a note written on the front cover of the memorandum to say that ‘ nothing will be done until an act is obtained for the [acquiring] of the leicester canals ’ .

Secondly , the Rules were flawed in so far as they did not seem to anticipate the possibility of problems created by the piecemeal acquisition of bonds either by occasional buying out or by gift .
secondly , the rules were flawed in so far as they did not seem to anticipate the possibility of problems created by the piecemeal [acquiring] of bonds either by occasional buying out or by gift .

The prime concerns of these strategies are ( i ) foraging and nutrient acquisition , ( 2 ) predator avoidance , and ( 3 ) mating , pair bonding ( if present ) , and care of young ( if present ) .
the prime concerns of these strategies are ( i ) foraging and nutrient [acquiring] , ( 2 ) predator avoidance , and ( 3 ) mating , pair bonding ( if present ) , and care of young ( if present ) .

Programmed by the genes or by the acquisition of conditioned operant behaviour , the organism emitted responses acquired through natural selection or learnt through reinforcement by rewards .
programmed by the genes or by the [acquiring] of conditioned operant behaviour , the organism emitted responses acquired through natural selection or learnt through reinforcement by rewards .

Group formation may arise as a result of factors favouring defence or resource acquisition and the sizes and compositions of groups express the effects of social selection within them .
group formation may arise as a result of factors favouring defence or resource [acquiring] and the sizes and compositions of groups express the effects of social selection within them .

This sexual activity does not prevent competition for females and the eventual acquisition of a harem .
this sexual activity does not prevent competition for females and the eventual [acquiring] of a harem .

It saw the first public flotation of a building society , the first moves towards acquisition of a major bank , Girobank , by another society , some further widening of building society powers , a tendency for more societies to become ‘ tied agents ’ of insurance companies and further excursions by societies into the wider field of financial services .
it saw the first public flotation of a building society , the first moves towards [acquiring] of a major bank , girobank , by another society , some further widening of building society powers , a tendency for more societies to become ‘ tied agents ’ of insurance companies and further excursions by societies into the wider field of financial services .

This included the acquisition of an Independent Insurance Brokers , Perkins Slade Ltd .
this included the [acquiring] of an independent insurance brokers , perkins slade ltd .

During 1989 we negotiated the acquisition of the estate agency arm of Pioneer Insurance Company , which with other acquisitions , brings out total property services outlets to 96 , thereby taking the Society well on the way to our target representation of 150 estate agency branches .
during 1989 we negotiated the [acquiring] of the estate agency arm of pioneer insurance company , which with other acquisitions , brings out total property services outlets to 96 , thereby taking the society well on the way to our target representation of 150 estate agency branches .

The acquisition of existing agencies has significantly widened our geographical representation and has been achieved at considerably lower costs than incurred by others who had previously entered the business .
the [acquiring] of existing agencies has significantly widened our geographical representation and has been achieved at considerably lower costs than incurred by others who had previously entered the business .

In the event of any capitalisation or rights issue by the Company , or of any consolidation , sub-division , reduction or other variation of its share capital , the number of shares subject to any option and the acquisition price may be adjusted by the Committee , with the approval of the Inland Revenue , subject to the auditors confirming in writing that such adjustment is , in their opinion , fair and reasonable .
in the event of any capitalisation or rights issue by the company , or of any consolidation , sub-division , reduction or other variation of its share capital , the number of shares subject to any option and the [acquiring] price may be adjusted by the committee , with the approval of the inland revenue , subject to the auditors confirming in writing that such adjustment is , in their opinion , fair and reasonable .

Robert Lowe , 3i 's industrial adviser in the leisure sector , said the recession had resulted in acquisition prices returning to more sensible levels .
robert lowe , 3i 's industrial adviser in the leisure sector , said the recession had resulted in [acquiring] prices returning to more sensible levels .

Airline Acquisition Corp , the management and pilot group that had agreed to pay $ 300 a share for United , announced at 2.54pm New York time that its agent banks , Chase Manhattan and Citibank , had found insufficient interest in the issue because of ‘ adverse changes in the market for this transaction ’ .
airline [acquiring] corp , the management and pilot group that had agreed to pay $ 300 a share for united , announced at 2.54pm new york time that its agent banks , chase manhattan and citibank , had found insufficient interest in the issue because of ‘ adverse changes in the market for this transaction ’ .

The acquisition of the 61 Gateway stores was approved by shareholders .
the [acquiring] of the 61 gateway stores was approved by shareholders .

The buyer , Financiere Sicli , controlled by a group of investors including Bankers Trust and Wasserstein Perella , was formed especially for the acquisition .
the buyer , financiere sicli , controlled by a group of investors including bankers trust and wasserstein perella , was formed especially for the [acquiring] .

The largest deal , however , was by a British company in The Netherlands , with Scottish & Newcastle Breweries ' acquisition of CentreParcs .
the largest deal , however , was by a british company in the netherlands , with scottish & newcastle breweries ' [acquiring] of centreparcs .

The purchase follows Hawker Siddeley 's acquisition earlier this year of a 49 per cent stake in Elco Elettromeccanica , an Italian maker of small electric motors , as part of a plan to strengthen its European presence .
the purchase follows hawker siddeley 's [acquiring] earlier this year of a 49 per cent stake in elco elettromeccanica , an italian maker of small electric motors , as part of a plan to strengthen its european presence .

The second concerned the acquisition of a small number of ‘ in house ’ lawyers .
the second concerned the [acquiring] of a small number of ‘ in house ’ lawyers .

Some of the work for a museum catalogue may have already been done before the acquisition of a picture .
some of the work for a museum catalogue may have already been done before the [acquiring] of a picture .

Not connected with acquisition of property .
not connected with [acquiring] of property .

But it is not just how the new consciousness is to be used which produces problems in handling this new-found wisdom ; it is the very acquisition of knowledge itself which makes the concept of self so dynamic .
but it is not just how the new consciousness is to be used which produces problems in handling this new-found wisdom ; it is the very [acquiring] of knowledge itself which makes the concept of self so dynamic .

Whether there is any social morality or justice in such a system is not a matter which the detectives are given to question ; nor do they spend much time in reflecting on why some dubious property acquisition is outside their terms of reference , or what the relationship is of such practices to the maintenance of position and power .
whether there is any social morality or justice in such a system is not a matter which the detectives are given to question ; nor do they spend much time in reflecting on why some dubious property [acquiring] is outside their terms of reference , or what the relationship is of such practices to the maintenance of position and power .

The message about acquisition of sexually transmitted diseases is a simple one .
the message about [acquiring] of sexually transmitted diseases is a simple one .

However , a few months ago , a friend showed me his latest acquisition , the all-singing-all-dancing computer which did just about everything except dive for you .
however , a few months ago , a friend showed me his latest [acquiring] , the all-singing-all-dancing computer which did just about everything except dive for you .

The increasing acquisition of land by large institutions reduces the number of holdings .
the increasing [acquiring] of land by large institutions reduces the number of holdings .

The acquisition and painstaking restoration of Plas Teg , an exceptionally beautiful early seventeenth-century house in Clwyd , was a brave step for the private individual who took on the house with the help of grants .
the [acquiring] and painstaking restoration of plas teg , an exceptionally beautiful early seventeenth-century house in clwyd , was a brave step for the private individual who took on the house with the help of grants .

After the Second World War , the showing of dogs became more and more popular and the acquisition of a new breed to exploit , or make one 's name with , was the order of the day .
after the second world war , the showing of dogs became more and more popular and the [acquiring] of a new breed to exploit , or make one 's name with , was the order of the day .

first choice of a litter may depend on what you require of your acquisition .
first choice of a litter may depend on what you require of your [acquiring] .

The acquisition of the Baltics , and post-war policy in Eastern Europe are areas crying out for more honesty .
the [acquiring] of the baltics , and post-war policy in eastern europe are areas crying out for more honesty .

Monosodium and the acquisition of food preference in a European context , by France Bellisle , Alain Tournier and Jeanine Louis-Sylvestre Food today is more of a maintenance function than a pleasurable experience .
monosodium and the [acquiring] of food preference in a european context , by france bellisle , alain tournier and jeanine louis-sylvestre food today is more of a maintenance function than a pleasurable experience .

Sony 's $ 3.4billion acquisition of Columbia Pictures is a vivid illustration of how even national symbols can fall prey .
sony 's $ 3.4billion [acquiring] of columbia pictures is a vivid illustration of how even national symbols can fall prey .

In contrast , it will be interesting to see how far Deutsche Bank succeeds with its acquisition of Morgan Grenfell in 1989 , having chosen not to react immediately to the Big Bang by acquiring a merchant banking subsidiary in London in 1986 .
in contrast , it will be interesting to see how far deutsche bank succeeds with its [acquiring] of morgan grenfell in 1989 , having chosen not to react immediately to the big bang by acquiring a merchant banking subsidiary in london in 1986 .

the need to expand when domestic expansion is not possible ( expansion in this case would probably be by acquisition ) ;
the need to expand when domestic expansion is not possible ( expansion in this case would probably be by [acquiring] ) ;

surveillance , which is the ‘ passive ’ acquisition of information that becomes available , and
surveillance , which is the ‘ passive ’ [acquiring] of information that becomes available , and

Conran was undaunted by the size of the acquisition .
conran was undaunted by the size of the [acquiring] .

He eventually concludes that it involved another acquisition — this time the American firm of Keebler in 1974 .
he eventually concludes that it involved another [acquiring] — this time the american firm of keebler in 1974 .

The knowledge which men desire for its own sake is never mere information , mere acquisition of separate isolated facts , like trains in a timetable , or careers in Who 's Who ?
the knowledge which men desire for its own sake is never mere information , mere [acquiring] of separate isolated facts , like trains in a timetable , or careers in who 's who ?

Talent Acquisition
talent [acquiring]

The roots of Thatcherism lay in acquisition rather than in production .
the roots of thatcherism lay in [acquiring] rather than in production .

The processing of these transactions on behalf of shops — known as ‘ merchant acquisition ’ in banking jargon — is worth no less than £400m annually .
the processing of these transactions on behalf of shops — known as ‘ merchant [acquiring] ’ in banking jargon — is worth no less than £400m annually .

The Japanese are no longer shying away from outright acquisition , as the recent purchase of the merchant bank Guinness Mahon by the Bank of Yokohama shows .
the japanese are no longer shying away from outright [acquiring] , as the recent purchase of the merchant bank guinness mahon by the bank of yokohama shows .

‘ This is not an ordinary acquisition , ’ Dr Smith said yesterday .
‘ this is not an ordinary [acquiring] , ’ dr smith said yesterday .

Home shopping held its profits at £13m which could well reflect the use of provisions raised on the Freemans acquisition to meet a net 10 per cent staff reduction .
home shopping held its profits at £13m which could well reflect the use of provisions raised on the freemans [acquiring] to meet a net 10 per cent staff reduction .

Amersham has a strong position in the European market for radiopharmaceuticals and sees the acquisition of a complementary manufacturing base in North America as improving its chances of supplying the global market for such products .
amersham has a strong position in the european market for radiopharmaceuticals and sees the [acquiring] of a complementary manufacturing base in north america as improving its chances of supplying the global market for such products .

The group 's Snob subsidiary is steadily raising its sales per square foot and management has made a breakthrough at the previously troubled Peter Brown menswear acquisition , which has performed markedly better since June .
the group 's snob subsidiary is steadily raising its sales per square foot and management has made a breakthrough at the previously troubled peter brown menswear [acquiring] , which has performed markedly better since june .

The acquisition of Walker will put British Steel on a par with its rivals in Germany and France which control up to 70 per cent of the stockholding outlets through which their steel is sold to industrial customers .
the [acquiring] of walker will put british steel on a par with its rivals in germany and france which control up to 70 per cent of the stockholding outlets through which their steel is sold to industrial customers .

Steve Whitton and Dalian Atkinson were Wednesday 's discoverers of the lost art ; Luton 's hero was their £900,000 Danish acquisition , Lars Elstrup , who scored three following his double in the first leg .
steve whitton and dalian atkinson were wednesday 's discoverers of the lost art ; luton 's hero was their £900,000 danish [acquiring] , lars elstrup , who scored three following his double in the first leg .

Other monitoring devices may also be connected and data acquisition is fully automated .
other monitoring devices may also be connected and data [acquiring] is fully automated .

The Nez Perce were renowned as great travellers , especially following their acquisition of horses in the early eighteenth century .
the nez perce were renowned as great travellers , especially following their [acquiring] of horses in the early eighteenth century .

Not unexpectedly , the residents of Chiswick became alarmed at the prospect , but the acquisition proceeded of the properties on the proposed route .
not unexpectedly , the residents of chiswick became alarmed at the prospect , but the [acquiring] proceeded of the properties on the proposed route .

It has begun to dawn on some investors that Waste Management is set to finance its growth by acquisition through the issue of paper .
it has begun to dawn on some investors that waste management is set to finance its growth by [acquiring] through the issue of paper .

New from Axxiom Chromatography was Pyramid , a user-configurable data acquisition and analysis system .
new from axxiom chromatography was pyramid , a user-configurable data [acquiring] and analysis system .

The wave of acquisitions has been prompted by expansionist desires among the overseas financial groups , which see opportunities to increase market share and provide themselves , in the case of the acquisition of insurance companies , with new marketing and product design arms .
the wave of acquisitions has been prompted by expansionist desires among the overseas financial groups , which see opportunities to increase market share and provide themselves , in the case of the [acquiring] of insurance companies , with new marketing and product design arms .

It has identified a 295-acre site of mainly coniferous woodland managed by the Forestry Commission , and is discussing acquisition with landowners and local authorities .
it has identified a 295-acre site of mainly coniferous woodland managed by the forestry commission , and is discussing [acquiring] with landowners and local authorities .

The acquisition of Sir Peter is , inescapably , the chief interest of this Figaro .
the [acquiring] of sir peter is , inescapably , the chief interest of this figaro .

Soon it was not enough to demonstrate your success in life by the acquisition of material goods .
soon it was not enough to demonstrate your success in life by the [acquiring] of material goods .

As he prepared to leave office five years later he warned the nation to ‘ guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence by the military-industrial complex .
as he prepared to leave office five years later he warned the nation to ‘ guard against the [acquiring] of unwarranted influence by the military-industrial complex .

From the outset of their relationship it was clear to Noddy 's owner that his new acquisition , like his toy-town namesake , was very fond of motor cars .
from the outset of their relationship it was clear to noddy 's owner that his new [acquiring] , like his toy-town namesake , was very fond of motor cars .

Clarissa 's flat was on the eighth floor and its acquisition had been another good thing that summer .
clarissa 's flat was on the eighth floor and its [acquiring] had been another good thing that summer .

In 1878 the Vicar of Woking unsuccessfully opposed acquisition of the site for the Brookwood Crematorium .
in 1878 the vicar of woking unsuccessfully opposed [acquiring] of the site for the brookwood crematorium .

In 1756 the Museum was compiling records of its acquisitions in bound ledgers called ‘ The Book of Presents ’ and in 1836 the then single Department of Antiquities began to complete bound Acquisition Registers of a type still in use today ( fig .
in 1756 the museum was compiling records of its acquisitions in bound ledgers called ‘ the book of presents ’ and in 1836 the then single department of antiquities began to complete bound [acquiring] registers of a type still in use today ( fig .

the formal documentation of an object on acquisition — or ‘ accessioning ’ , monitoring object condition , recording of object movement , loan processing , storage environment , etc . )
the formal documentation of an object on [acquiring] — or ‘ accessioning ’ , monitoring object condition , recording of object movement , loan processing , storage environment , etc . )

The acquisition of Palestine would greatly increase his economic and political power , which was marginal given the poor resources of Transjordan .
the [acquiring] of palestine would greatly increase his economic and political power , which was marginal given the poor resources of transjordan .

After the war and the acquisition of the West Bank , the population rose to 1,280,000 , of whom 850,000 , or 66 per cent , were Palestinian .
after the war and the [acquiring] of the west bank , the population rose to 1,280,000 , of whom 850,000 , or 66 per cent , were palestinian .

the acquisition of conditioned suppression was particularly retarded ) in subjects given prior exposure to the context .
the [acquiring] of conditioned suppression was particularly retarded ) in subjects given prior exposure to the context .

( 1981 , p. 14 ) to maintain that the development of latent inhibition , like the acquisition of associative strength , will be subject to overshadowing and blocking .
( 1981 , p. 14 ) to maintain that the development of latent inhibition , like the [acquiring] of associative strength , will be subject to overshadowing and blocking .

This is just what Honey and Hall ( 1989 b ) found — compound exposure attenuated the acquisition of latent inhibition by a tone when the other member of the compound was a click ; but ( as in the Mercier and Baker ( 1985 ) study ) a salient light was ineffective as an overshadowing stimulus .
this is just what honey and hall ( 1989 b ) found — compound exposure attenuated the [acquiring] of latent inhibition by a tone when the other member of the compound was a click ; but ( as in the mercier and baker ( 1985 ) study ) a salient light was ineffective as an overshadowing stimulus .

The term proactive interference is used to refer to the fact that prior learning can interfere with the acquisition , retention , or use of new information .
the term proactive interference is used to refer to the fact that prior learning can interfere with the [acquiring] , retention , or use of new information .

The one-trial conditioning procedure achieves this since acquisition is over before the shock has a chance to lose effectiveness .
the one-trial conditioning procedure achieves this since [acquiring] is over before the shock has a chance to lose effectiveness .

That is , the acquisition of a simple discrimination can be adequately explained solely in terms of the formation of stimulus-reinforcer associations and without recourse to any concept of perceptual learning ( see Chapter 1 , pp .
that is , the [acquiring] of a simple discrimination can be adequately explained solely in terms of the formation of stimulus-reinforcer associations and without recourse to any concept of perceptual learning ( see chapter 1 , pp .

It would be premature to conclude , however , that the transfer seen in such an experiment depends on the acquisition of distinctiveness by the critical cues as a consequence of phase-one discrimination training .
it would be premature to conclude , however , that the transfer seen in such an experiment depends on the [acquiring] of distinctiveness by the critical cues as a consequence of phase-one discrimination training .

If there is little generalization of the new response to the test stimuli , we may conclude that the stimulus used in acquisition and that used in the test are readily discriminated .
if there is little generalization of the new response to the test stimuli , we may conclude that the stimulus used in [acquiring] and that used in the test are readily discriminated .

Acquisition of a button-pressing task ( a separate button was assigned to each of the four faces ) proceeded significantly more rapidly for members of the pair given dissimilar names than for members of the pair given similar names .
[acquiring] of a button-pressing task ( a separate button was assigned to each of the four faces ) proceeded significantly more rapidly for members of the pair given dissimilar names than for members of the pair given similar names .

Support will come from another useful acquisition in Joey Benjamin , 31 , who was kept out of the Warwickshire side last year after impressing in 1990 with 34 wickets at 30 .
support will come from another useful [acquiring] in joey benjamin , 31 , who was kept out of the warwickshire side last year after impressing in 1990 with 34 wickets at 30 .

But a great many more , both public and private were brought to their knees and many well known names eventually disappeared through acquisition or merger .
but a great many more , both public and private were brought to their knees and many well known names eventually disappeared through [acquiring] or merger .

There may be one or two embarrassing questions on Monday at Sunleigh 's special shareholders ' meeting , called to approve the acquisition of unquoted Laser racing dingy specialist Gavel Securities .
there may be one or two embarrassing questions on monday at sunleigh 's special shareholders ' meeting , called to approve the [acquiring] of unquoted laser racing dingy specialist gavel securities .

Following the completion of the acquisition of Framlington 's private client fund management business in January and the recruitment of five new investment managers in Liverpool , he is looking for increased investment revenues in this year .
following the completion of the [acquiring] of framlington 's private client fund management business in january and the recruitment of five new investment managers in liverpool , he is looking for increased investment revenues in this year .

Tied in with encouraging half year figures , Headland announced a £11m acquisition and its shares were temporarily suspended while an offer document is printed .
tied in with encouraging half year figures , headland announced a £11m [acquiring] and its shares were temporarily suspended while an offer document is printed .

Even during its last acquisition , which was an agreed £15m purchase of the British mutual insurer London Life , the City was deafened by the sound of falling bodies during the deal .
even during its last [acquiring] , which was an agreed £15m purchase of the british mutual insurer london life , the city was deafened by the sound of falling bodies during the deal .

Bolstered by the acquisition of Asda 's West Yorkshire cheese manufacturing operation , Unilever makes full fat , hard and soft cheeses and processed cheeses under the Milkana name .
bolstered by the [acquiring] of asda 's west yorkshire cheese manufacturing operation , unilever makes full fat , hard and soft cheeses and processed cheeses under the milkana name .

The price paid for the acquisition , including a fruit plant near Valencia and a bottling plant in Barcelona , appears high since the businesses being acquired had sales of £29.6m in 1988 and trading profits of £2.2m , implying a p/e on conventional terms of almost 30 .
the price paid for the [acquiring] , including a fruit plant near valencia and a bottling plant in barcelona , appears high since the businesses being acquired had sales of £29.6m in 1988 and trading profits of £2.2m , implying a p/e on conventional terms of almost 30 .

The bank , with 60 per cent of the ‘ retail acquisition ’ market , plans to install 20,000 terminals in shops in the next 18 months .
the bank , with 60 per cent of the ‘ retail [acquiring] ’ market , plans to install 20,000 terminals in shops in the next 18 months .

Iberian additions : Cadbury Schweppes is building market share in Spain and Portugal with the acquisition of several drinks brands and fruit and bottling plants for £45.3m .
iberian additions : cadbury schweppes is building market share in spain and portugal with the [acquiring] of several drinks brands and fruit and bottling plants for £45.3m .

Although the author pays lip-service to the idea of climbing as a form of meditation and the reward lying in the process rather than the achievement , the main thrust seems to lie in the opposite direction , in the acquisition of things .
although the author pays lip-service to the idea of climbing as a form of meditation and the reward lying in the process rather than the achievement , the main thrust seems to lie in the opposite direction , in the [acquiring] of things .

Attention has also been focused on expanding through acquisition , removing doubts about the board 's ability to mix lateral movements with logical progression .
attention has also been focused on expanding through [acquiring] , removing doubts about the board 's ability to mix lateral movements with logical progression .

Lincat also announced last week its first overseas acquisition .
lincat also announced last week its first overseas [acquiring] .

The acquisition , announced yesterday , brings five centres and two development sites into the Retail Corporation , which plans a nationwide chain of 50 garden centres under its Gardenstore operation within two years .
the [acquiring] , announced yesterday , brings five centres and two development sites into the retail corporation , which plans a nationwide chain of 50 garden centres under its gardenstore operation within two years .

Triplex Lloyd , the steel fabrications and foundries group with enlarged motor and electrical distribution activities as a result of the Christy Hunt acquisition , made solid gains on most fronts in the latest six months .
triplex lloyd , the steel fabrications and foundries group with enlarged motor and electrical distribution activities as a result of the christy hunt [acquiring] , made solid gains on most fronts in the latest six months .

Security , being mainly the results of the Chubb acquisition in 1984 , is the largest division .
security , being mainly the results of the chubb [acquiring] in 1984 , is the largest division .

The site continued in use as a corn mill up to its acquisition by the Arkell family in 1827 , by then consisting of three corn mills , a malt house and a bakery .
the site continued in use as a corn mill up to its [acquiring] by the arkell family in 1827 , by then consisting of three corn mills , a malt house and a bakery .

We can then properly assess the value and consequence of an acquisition or transfer of power .
we can then properly assess the value and consequence of an [acquiring] or transfer of power .

It was clearly to France 's advantage to advance her south-eastern frontier by the acquisition of Savoy and Nice , while the building of railways in the region would give her a strong economic and strategic position in northern and central Italy .
it was clearly to france 's advantage to advance her south-eastern frontier by the [acquiring] of savoy and nice , while the building of railways in the region would give her a strong economic and strategic position in northern and central italy .

Back at his hotel , packing for his return to London , John wondered how to fit this large acquisition into his luggage , could not think of a way , decided that he did not want a souvenir of the trip anyway because of his gloom about the impending ballet , so tore it up and threw it in the wastepaper basket .
back at his hotel , packing for his return to london , john wondered how to fit this large [acquiring] into his luggage , could not think of a way , decided that he did not want a souvenir of the trip anyway because of his gloom about the impending ballet , so tore it up and threw it in the wastepaper basket .

These include not only the creation of woman ( Pandora corresponding to Eve ) and the alleged evils that followed there from , but also the acquisition of ‘ forbidden knowledge ’ , which in the Greek case included the discovery of fire .
these include not only the creation of woman ( pandora corresponding to eve ) and the alleged evils that followed there from , but also the [acquiring] of ‘ forbidden knowledge ’ , which in the greek case included the discovery of fire .

Such betrayals , when not over-taxing the as yet limited mental resources of the infant , are compensated for by the acquisition of new much praised skills and satisfactions .
such betrayals , when not over-taxing the as yet limited mental resources of the infant , are compensated for by the [acquiring] of new much praised skills and satisfactions .

To enable them to fulfil these tasks UDCs have been granted extensive financial , planning and land acquisition powers .
to enable them to fulfil these tasks udcs have been granted extensive financial , planning and land [acquiring] powers .

Since his arrival at the agency in 1986 , Baulk has been a key figure in putting in place , through acquisition , below-the-line services .
since his arrival at the agency in 1986 , baulk has been a key figure in putting in place , through [acquiring] , below-the-line services .

Underpinning Baulk 's policy of acquisition is thorough intellectual planning .
underpinning baulk 's policy of [acquiring] is thorough intellectual planning .

Organisations have known for some considerable time that the acquisition , distribution and effective use of information is a key factor in gaining a competitive advantage .
organisations have known for some considerable time that the [acquiring] , distribution and effective use of information is a key factor in gaining a competitive advantage .

Sporty 's Pilot Shop 's Hal Shevers has temporarily postponed his plan to produce ‘ clones ’ of the Cessna 172 Skyhawk ( Pilot Notes , March ) following Textron 's acquisition of the Cessna Aircraft Company .
sporty 's pilot shop 's hal shevers has temporarily postponed his plan to produce ‘ clones ’ of the cessna 172 skyhawk ( pilot notes , march ) following textron 's [acquiring] of the cessna aircraft company .

Just as materials offered to young children in the classroom can be chosen to provide them with experiences leading to the acquisition of mathematical ideas , so the provision and organisation of outdoor activities can encourage children to explore such things as balance , weight , height , depth , direction , speed , spatial order , shape and size with very little participation from an adult .
just as materials offered to young children in the classroom can be chosen to provide them with experiences leading to the [acquiring] of mathematical ideas , so the provision and organisation of outdoor activities can encourage children to explore such things as balance , weight , height , depth , direction , speed , spatial order , shape and size with very little participation from an adult .

With the acquisition of the Southern Collection it became apparent that the accommodation allocated to the Theatre Collection was seriously inadequate .
with the [acquiring] of the southern collection it became apparent that the accommodation allocated to the theatre collection was seriously inadequate .

the acquisition of land ( including buildings thereon ) ,
the [acquiring] of land ( including buildings thereon ) ,

the acquisition of vehicles , plant , machinery , etc. ,
the [acquiring] of vehicles , plant , machinery , etc. ,

The amount of any expenditure proposed to be incurred by the authority under any particular contract for the acquisition of property or the supply of goods or services .
the amount of any expenditure proposed to be incurred by the authority under any particular contract for the [acquiring] of property or the supply of goods or services .

Any terms proposed or to be proposed by or to the authority in the course of negotiations for a contract for the acquisition or disposal of property or the supply of goods or services .
any terms proposed or to be proposed by or to the authority in the course of negotiations for a contract for the [acquiring] or disposal of property or the supply of goods or services .

Moreover in any organization with a large number of service points — for instance , a public library authority — use of a base selection source also allows coordination of the acquisition and cataloguing processes .
moreover in any organization with a large number of service points — for instance , a public library authority — use of a base selection source also allows coordination of the [acquiring] and cataloguing processes .

Also , they often provide automated bibliographical records which match libraries ' acquisition and cataloguing systems .
also , they often provide automated bibliographical records which match libraries ' [acquiring] and cataloguing systems .

In fixing frequency of circulation , acquisition costs of the book should be measured against the total administrative costs ( especially transport ) of circulation — the latter not to exceed the former .
in fixing frequency of circulation , [acquiring] costs of the book should be measured against the total administrative costs ( especially transport ) of circulation — the latter not to exceed the former .

In this he/she will be influenced by a knowledge of what is available in other institutions in the locality ( and if cooperative arrangements for acquisition can be made , so much the better ) .
in this he/she will be influenced by a knowledge of what is available in other institutions in the locality ( and if cooperative arrangements for [acquiring] can be made , so much the better ) .

The first of these groups affords opportunities for cooperative acquisition in addition to interloans .
the first of these groups affords opportunities for cooperative [acquiring] in addition to interloans .

Cooperative acquisition may be taken a stage further if a system of centralized acquisition is introduced .
cooperative [acquiring] may be taken a stage further if a system of centralized [acquiring] is introduced .

However , an important study , Local library co-operation published in 1974 found that the scope for savings through cooperative acquisition locally was very small .
however , an important study , local library co-operation published in 1974 found that the scope for savings through cooperative [acquiring] locally was very small .

The duplication of titles amongst the different types of institution studied in Sheffield was found to be very low , and in view of the fact that cooperative acquisition is not simple to introduce and that central purchasing agencies tend to delay orders , the authors recommended against it .
the duplication of titles amongst the different types of institution studied in sheffield was found to be very low , and in view of the fact that cooperative [acquiring] is not simple to introduce and that central purchasing agencies tend to delay orders , the authors recommended against it .

They did however feel that it was worth coordinating the acquisition of reference material and the retention of periodical titles .
they did however feel that it was worth coordinating the [acquiring] of reference material and the retention of periodical titles .

The librarian 's choice of booksellers has an important effect upon the selection of material as well as upon the speed and efficiency of acquisition .
the librarian 's choice of booksellers has an important effect upon the selection of material as well as upon the speed and efficiency of [acquiring] .

Of course , the acquisition factors are equally important .
of course , the [acquiring] factors are equally important .

The fleet was enhanced in the years before the Great War by the acquisition of the seven de-Luxe cars 62–68 .
the fleet was enhanced in the years before the great war by the [acquiring] of the seven de-luxe cars 62–68 .

The acquisition of the Blackpool and Fleetwood Tramroad Company in 1920 , brought a further 41 single-deck cars of several differing types .
the [acquiring] of the blackpool and fleetwood tramroad company in 1920 , brought a further 41 single-deck cars of several differing types .

The modernisation of the Blackpool fleet by the acquisition of 116 streamlined cars between 1933 and 1939 , left the Standards looking decidedly old-fashioned , although they were only circa ten years old by then .
the modernisation of the blackpool fleet by the [acquiring] of 116 streamlined cars between 1933 and 1939 , left the standards looking decidedly old-fashioned , although they were only circa ten years old by then .

There really can be no doubt as to the fact than an employee is expected to adapt himself to new methods and techniques introduced in the course of his employment … Of course in a proper case the employer must provide any necessary training … It will , in all cases , be a question of pure fact as to whether the re-training involves the acquisition of such esoteric skills that it would not be reasonable to expect the employee to acquire them .
there really can be no doubt as to the fact than an employee is expected to adapt himself to new methods and techniques introduced in the course of his employment … of course in a proper case the employer must provide any necessary training … it will , in all cases , be a question of pure fact as to whether the re-training involves the [acquiring] of such esoteric skills that it would not be reasonable to expect the employee to acquire them .

Another paint business is liquid coatings for plastics — mainly car parts — and Morton has a European position in this through its acquisition of the Dr Renger company .
another paint business is liquid coatings for plastics — mainly car parts — and morton has a european position in this through its [acquiring] of the dr renger company .

Much of Morton 's expansion in Europe has been achieved by acquisition , and these companies are being integrated not by imposing a monolithic European headquarters , but by an operating group taking responsibility for that product throughout Europe .
much of morton 's expansion in europe has been achieved by [acquiring] , and these companies are being integrated not by imposing a monolithic european headquarters , but by an operating group taking responsibility for that product throughout europe .

Acquisition of basic skills throughout a department needs to be planned and phased such that new systems are on-line with individual staff feeling comfortable and confident of their abilities to cope .
[acquiring] of basic skills throughout a department needs to be planned and phased such that new systems are on-line with individual staff feeling comfortable and confident of their abilities to cope .

Allied to this is the appropriate acquisition of resources both human and technical , to support the developments .
allied to this is the appropriate [acquiring] of resources both human and technical , to support the developments .

This would cover budgets , contracts , pricing , income generation , asset acquisition and disposal , borrowing powers , build up of surpluses and reserve , management structures and , perhaps most importantly , freedom to employ and direct all their staff , including doctors and nurses , on their own locally determined pay and conditions ( Department of Health , 1989b ) .
this would cover budgets , contracts , pricing , income generation , asset [acquiring] and disposal , borrowing powers , build up of surpluses and reserve , management structures and , perhaps most importantly , freedom to employ and direct all their staff , including doctors and nurses , on their own locally determined pay and conditions ( department of health , 1989b ) .

They will require new knowledge and skills , and management developers must orchestrate the necessary acquisition .
they will require new knowledge and skills , and management developers must orchestrate the necessary [acquiring] .

Scaevola replies that , unless the testator is shown to have had other intentions , liability for maintenance is regarded as attaching to acquisition of the sum of money .
scaevola replies that , unless the testator is shown to have had other intentions , liability for maintenance is regarded as attaching to [acquiring] of the sum of money .

So far discussion has been limited to discussing the beneficiary 's ability to recover the trust property where it had passed into the hands of a third party : in principle the beneficiary was able to follow it , but his claim could be barred depending on the nature of the acquisition by the third party .
so far discussion has been limited to discussing the beneficiary 's ability to recover the trust property where it had passed into the hands of a third party : in principle the beneficiary was able to follow it , but his claim could be barred depending on the nature of the [acquiring] by the third party .

As with the acquisition of any skill it requires conscious effort as each skill is practised to the point where it becomes effortless ( see Skilful behaviour on page 155 ) .
as with the [acquiring] of any skill it requires conscious effort as each skill is practised to the point where it becomes effortless ( see skilful behaviour on page 155 ) .

It follows , therefore , that there is no end to the period of acquisition .
it follows , therefore , that there is no end to the period of [acquiring] .

The acquisition of a skill is a tortuous process that takes us through the following sequence :
the [acquiring] of a skill is a tortuous process that takes us through the following sequence :

In one case the European Court considered Irish legislation which exempted rural land owned by corporate bodies from compulsory acquisition if all the shareholders had resided for more than one year within three miles of the land .
in one case the european court considered irish legislation which exempted rural land owned by corporate bodies from compulsory [acquiring] if all the shareholders had resided for more than one year within three miles of the land .

The suggested Directive will also grant important compulsory acquisition rights to the dominant undertaking if it has acquired a 90 per cent holding , whether or not there is a control contract .
the suggested directive will also grant important compulsory [acquiring] rights to the dominant undertaking if it has acquired a 90 per cent holding , whether or not there is a control contract .

Growth by acquisition , takeovers and mergers in the single market
growth by [acquiring] , takeovers and mergers in the single market

The contrary view is that , in the light of the single market , it is important that all companies have equal opportunities to expand or restructure as much by way of acquisition as by organic growth .
the contrary view is that , in the light of the single market , it is important that all companies have equal opportunities to expand or restructure as much by way of [acquiring] as by organic growth .

Acquisition of a company
[acquiring] of a company

approach to and acquisition of a target
approach to and [acquiring] of a target

These include situations where there are competing bids , or where the acquisition is prohibited by the merger control authorities , or where a condition of the bid announced in the offer document is not fulfilled or , exceptionally , where the bid may not be put into effect for reasons beyond the control of the parties to the bid .
these include situations where there are competing bids , or where the [acquiring] is prohibited by the merger control authorities , or where a condition of the bid announced in the offer document is not fulfilled or , exceptionally , where the bid may not be put into effect for reasons beyond the control of the parties to the bid .

Growth by acquisition may take many forms : the purchase of a publicly held company 's shares by a recommended offer or by contested takeover bid , or the acquisition of shares or business assets by private agreement ( in either case for cash or by way of share exchange ) ; merger through the medium of a holding company which acquires the merging companies or their assets ; and , in France and certain other member states , merger by ‘ fusion ’ whereby a company loses its identity and is absorbed , with its assets and liabilities , into the new concern .
growth by [acquiring] may take many forms : the purchase of a publicly held company 's shares by a recommended offer or by contested takeover bid , or the [acquiring] of shares or business assets by private agreement ( in either case for cash or by way of share exchange ) ; merger through the medium of a holding company which acquires the merging companies or their assets ; and , in france and certain other member states , merger by ‘ fusion ’ whereby a company loses its identity and is absorbed , with its assets and liabilities , into the new concern .

For convenience , the word ‘ merger ’ is used in this chapter for all forms of merger , acquisition and takeover , whether they involve acquisition of controlling or of minority interests in shares or assets .
for convenience , the word ‘ merger ’ is used in this chapter for all forms of merger , [acquiring] and takeover , whether they involve [acquiring] of controlling or of minority interests in shares or assets .

In such cases , growth may have to be achieved by acquisition of established rival brands or companies , with the result that competition suffers without the justification of compensating benefits to the consumer .
in such cases , growth may have to be achieved by [acquiring] of established rival brands or companies , with the result that competition suffers without the justification of compensating benefits to the consumer .

Thus situations may arise where the acquisition of companies with relatively small turnover may nevertheless have a Community dimension .
thus situations may arise where the [acquiring] of companies with relatively small turnover may nevertheless have a community dimension .

‘ Concentrations ’ are widely defined to include not only mergers in the strict sense , but any transaction which results in the acquisition of direct or indirect control of all or part of an undertaking .
‘ concentrations ’ are widely defined to include not only mergers in the strict sense , but any transaction which results in the [acquiring] of direct or indirect control of all or part of an undertaking .

The Regulation also applies to the acquisition of joint control by a number of companies acting in concert .
the regulation also applies to the [acquiring] of joint control by a number of companies acting in concert .

The duty to notify an acquisition or takeover bid falls on the acquiring company or companies and , in the case of mergers in the strict sense , on the parties jointly .
the duty to notify an [acquiring] or takeover bid falls on the acquiring company or companies and , in the case of mergers in the strict sense , on the parties jointly .

Notification of a concentration must be made not more than one week after whichever is the first of the conclusion of the agreement , the announcement bid of the public bid or the acquisition of a controlling interest .
notification of a concentration must be made not more than one week after whichever is the first of the conclusion of the agreement , the announcement bid of the public bid or the [acquiring] of a controlling interest .

One case involved the acquisition by Fiat of a French battery manufacturer which gave Fiat a high share of the French market .
one case involved the [acquiring] by fiat of a french battery manufacturer which gave fiat a high share of the french market .

The Court said that the effect of the acquisition must be to make any serious chance of competition practically impossible : the degree of dominance reached must be shown to have substantially fettered competition .
the court said that the effect of the [acquiring] must be to make any serious chance of competition practically impossible : the degree of dominance reached must be shown to have substantially fettered competition .

Subject to the Commission 's exclusive competence to grant exemptions under Article 85 ( 3 ) , both the Commission and national courts will have full powers to apply Article 85 under the Philip Morris doctrine to any acquisition of an interest in a competitor , whatever the combined turnover of the companies involved , which does not constitute a ‘ concentration ’ as defined in the Merger Regulation .
subject to the commission 's exclusive competence to grant exemptions under article 85 ( 3 ) , both the commission and national courts will have full powers to apply article 85 under the philip morris doctrine to any [acquiring] of an interest in a competitor , whatever the combined turnover of the companies involved , which does not constitute a ‘ concentration ’ as defined in the merger regulation .

This will be the case where the acquiring and target companies remain independent and the acquisition leads , or may lead , to a co-ordination of their competitive behaviour .
this will be the case where the acquiring and target companies remain independent and the [acquiring] leads , or may lead , to a co-ordination of their competitive behaviour .

And Nicholas , as was now known , had prevented the acquisition by Madeira of the best vine and cane cuttings in Europe .
and nicholas , as was now known , had prevented the [acquiring] by madeira of the best vine and cane cuttings in europe .

The price of oil was tumbling again , one of his most reliable brokers on Wall Street had just been arrested for insider dealing , the acquisition of a highly prestigious London hotel had been held up by a query as to who actually owned it and , back home , one of his sisters had just committed suicide , causing a tremor of scandal throughout the country .
the price of oil was tumbling again , one of his most reliable brokers on wall street had just been arrested for insider dealing , the [acquiring] of a highly prestigious london hotel had been held up by a query as to who actually owned it and , back home , one of his sisters had just committed suicide , causing a tremor of scandal throughout the country .

Langdon Cliffs overlooking Dover 's Eastern Docks , prolific with wild flowers in late spring and early summer , is a recent acquisition , and near Eastbourne at Crowlink there are invigorating walks along the cliffs forming part of the magnificent Seven Sisters .
langdon cliffs overlooking dover 's eastern docks , prolific with wild flowers in late spring and early summer , is a recent [acquiring] , and near eastbourne at crowlink there are invigorating walks along the cliffs forming part of the magnificent seven sisters .

On the acquisition front , however , the course ran anything but smooth .
on the [acquiring] front , however , the course ran anything but smooth .

It is not possible to foresee , especially at the time of acquisition , exactly what information a specimen might hold .
it is not possible to foresee , especially at the time of [acquiring] , exactly what information a specimen might hold .

On the other hand , there is increasing evidence that many of the intellectual feats of our own species — language acquisition , Aristotelian logic , categorisation , pattern recognition , and the like — are themselves based on pre-existing wiring and storage .
on the other hand , there is increasing evidence that many of the intellectual feats of our own species — language [acquiring] , aristotelian logic , categorisation , pattern recognition , and the like — are themselves based on pre-existing wiring and storage .

This in turn prompted a rather romantic and ideal vision of the Orcadian with his ‘ immemorial rights ’ to build his house anywhere , seeking to perpetuate the Orcadian ‘ tradition ’ of self-improvement with the acquisition of a ‘ modern ’ style of life within his own part of Orkney , through a process of personal enterprise .
this in turn prompted a rather romantic and ideal vision of the orcadian with his ‘ immemorial rights ’ to build his house anywhere , seeking to perpetuate the orcadian ‘ tradition ’ of self-improvement with the [acquiring] of a ‘ modern ’ style of life within his own part of orkney , through a process of personal enterprise .

In France a Déclaration d'Utilité Publique was promulgated by the Prime Minister on May 6 1987 to authorise the compulsory acquisition of land need to build the Tunnel and associated infrastructure , and on June 15 laws number 87–383 and 87–384 authorised the President to ratify the treaty .
in france a déclaration d'utilité publique was promulgated by the prime minister on may 6 1987 to authorise the compulsory [acquiring] of land need to build the tunnel and associated infrastructure , and on june 15 laws number 87–383 and 87–384 authorised the president to ratify the treaty .

At that time she had n't moved to Suffolk ; the acquisition of the priory followed later .
at that time she had n't moved to suffolk ; the [acquiring] of the priory followed later .

Gibson has just made its third acquisition , the Bladnoch single malt brand bought from Guinness 's whisky subsidiary United Distillers .
gibson has just made its third [acquiring] , the bladnoch single malt brand bought from guinness 's whisky subsidiary united distillers .

Simpson does not see the acquisition as an exercise in corporate break-up .
simpson does not see the [acquiring] as an exercise in corporate break-up .

In June he issued new shares worth £9.6 million to fund the acquisition of Swanton , a property company set up on Kwik-Fit 's behalf to develop 15 depots .
in june he issued new shares worth £9.6 million to fund the [acquiring] of swanton , a property company set up on kwik-fit 's behalf to develop 15 depots .

Time which might have been devoted to instructing deaf children in the acquisition of English grammar , arithmetic and other school subjects was , in the view of many leading deaf people including deaf businessmen like A.J.Wilson and George Edward , being curtailed in order to try and give deaf children speech training .
time which might have been devoted to instructing deaf children in the [acquiring] of english grammar , arithmetic and other school subjects was , in the view of many leading deaf people including deaf businessmen like a.j.wilson and george edward , being curtailed in order to try and give deaf children speech training .

In providing reasonable access to a representative range of published material , a librarian is required to take note of the needs and interests of the public as a whole ; from time to time pressures , which this Association would feel to be undue , have been brought to bear on a librarian to discontinue the acquisition and display of material , which is thought to be unacceptable and which thus might prohibit the service to certain minorities whose interests the libraries are equally supposed to serve .
in providing reasonable access to a representative range of published material , a librarian is required to take note of the needs and interests of the public as a whole ; from time to time pressures , which this association would feel to be undue , have been brought to bear on a librarian to discontinue the [acquiring] and display of material , which is thought to be unacceptable and which thus might prohibit the service to certain minorities whose interests the libraries are equally supposed to serve .

It seems worth drawing the attention of conservation bodies to this point when they consider the acquisition and management of woodland nature reserves .
it seems worth drawing the attention of conservation bodies to this point when they consider the [acquiring] and management of woodland nature reserves .

The Counselling Service offers a number of Student Success Courses and skill acquisition classes during the academic year .
the counselling service offers a number of student success courses and skill [acquiring] classes during the academic year .

The Counselling Service offers a number of group workshops and skills acquisition classes during the academic year .
the counselling service offers a number of group workshops and skills [acquiring] classes during the academic year .

International marketing ; International business ; Aspects of marketing and marketing management ; Strategy and small business ; Computer modelling and strategic management ; Competitive strategy ; Acquisition strategy ; Strategic issues of the Channel Tunnel ; Business policy ; Entrepreneurship ; Visual interactive simulation .
international marketing ; international business ; aspects of marketing and marketing management ; strategy and small business ; computer modelling and strategic management ; competitive strategy ; [acquiring] strategy ; strategic issues of the channel tunnel ; business policy ; entrepreneurship ; visual interactive simulation .

Microelectronics Applications : Instrumentation and measurement systems applied to medical and environmental studies , low-energy houses , district heating , particular needs of the garment and textiles industry , transport studies ; Control and measurement of heating systems ; Mathematical modelling of building thermal performance ; Computer interfacing ; Applications of video image acquisition and analysis .
microelectronics applications : instrumentation and measurement systems applied to medical and environmental studies , low-energy houses , district heating , particular needs of the garment and textiles industry , transport studies ; control and measurement of heating systems ; mathematical modelling of building thermal performance ; computer interfacing ; applications of video image [acquiring] and analysis .

Training is seen as the acquisition of knowledge and skills for a specific purpose .
training is seen as the [acquiring] of knowledge and skills for a specific purpose .

Whereas associative theories emphasise the passive responding to external events and the building of complex behaviour from small elements , cognition theories emphasise the active engagement of the person and an organic model for the acquisition of complex behaviour .
whereas associative theories emphasise the passive responding to external events and the building of complex behaviour from small elements , cognition theories emphasise the active engagement of the person and an organic model for the [acquiring] of complex behaviour .

To increase acquisition of knowledge and aid retention of factual information .
to increase [acquiring] of knowledge and aid retention of factual information .

The Counselling Service offers a number of group workshops and skills acquisition classes during the academic year .
the counselling service offers a number of group workshops and skills [acquiring] classes during the academic year .

The programmes combine the acquisition of a language ( French , German or Spanish ) with study of the basic disciplines traditionally associated with Business and Management .
the programmes combine the [acquiring] of a language ( french , german or spanish ) with study of the basic disciplines traditionally associated with business and management .

Firstly , it involves the acquisition , organization and communication as well as the retrieval of information .
firstly , it involves the [acquiring] , organization and communication as well as the retrieval of information .

Acquisition of material
[acquiring] of material

This is where the all-round acquisition and dissemination strength of the clearinghouse is important .
this is where the all-round [acquiring] and dissemination strength of the clearinghouse is important .

Acquisition of information
[acquiring] of information

It enables capital investment ( acquisition of plant and machinery ) to take place .
it enables capital investment ( [acquiring] of plant and machinery ) to take place .

An expansion of loans and therefore deposits unless matched by the acquisition of additional cash deposits , must cause a deterioration in the liquidity position of a bank .
an expansion of loans and therefore deposits unless matched by the [acquiring] of additional cash deposits , must cause a deterioration in the liquidity position of a bank .

An acquisition provides immediate access to the local deposit market ( and lending opportunities ) while the existing management should be knowledgeable of the local economy .
an [acquiring] provides immediate access to the local deposit market ( and lending opportunities ) while the existing management should be knowledgeable of the local economy .

Sometimes competitive pressures in the international loan market or the acquisition of sufficient financial expertise by shareholder banks has encouraged the disposal of stakes in a consortium bank or its acquisition by one of the shareholder banks .
sometimes competitive pressures in the international loan market or the [acquiring] of sufficient financial expertise by shareholder banks has encouraged the disposal of stakes in a consortium bank or its [acquiring] by one of the shareholder banks .

All six companies undertake financial analysis of those companies in which they have an interest for competitive , acquisition or divestment purposes .
all six companies undertake financial analysis of those companies in which they have an interest for competitive , [acquiring] or divestment purposes .

We then examine the approaches firms have made in recent years , such as ‘ environmental scanning ’ , to formalise their acquisition of external information .
we then examine the approaches firms have made in recent years , such as ‘ environmental scanning ’ , to formalise their [acquiring] of external information .

The main sources of acquisition are the Jesuit houses , and there are quantities of letters from the central and provincial curia .
the main sources of [acquiring] are the jesuit houses , and there are quantities of letters from the central and provincial curia .

Avoid the mirror syndrome , the acquisition of friends to make you feel good with yourself .
avoid the mirror syndrome , the [acquiring] of friends to make you feel good with yourself .

It may , in fact , be counter-productive because it produces a state of high emotional arousal ( anger or anxiety ) that is notorious for interfering with the acquisition of new skills and behaviours .
it may , in fact , be counter-productive because it produces a state of high emotional arousal ( anger or anxiety ) that is notorious for interfering with the [acquiring] of new skills and behaviours .

For example , 90-per-cent loans could be granted for the acquisition of land or the carrying out of works on land and industrial improvement areas ( see below ) .
for example , 90-per-cent loans could be granted for the [acquiring] of land or the carrying out of works on land and industrial improvement areas ( see below ) .

This process often involved the compulsory acquisition of firms and hence their potential closure .
this process often involved the compulsory [acquiring] of firms and hence their potential closure .

Of this total , 21 per cent came through rate relief , 38 per cent through capital allowances , 7 per cent through land acquisition by public agencies and 34 per cent through infrastructural expenditure .
of this total , 21 per cent came through rate relief , 38 per cent through capital allowances , 7 per cent through land [acquiring] by public agencies and 34 per cent through infrastructural expenditure .

Improvements in the overall forestry infrastructure , involving inventory acquisition through to logging , would at least go some way towards achieving better resource use .
improvements in the overall forestry infrastructure , involving inventory [acquiring] through to logging , would at least go some way towards achieving better resource use .

This was inconvenient and too elongated and was soon superseded by a scheme involving the acquisition of sixteen houses that Sir Samuel Fludyer still owned on the south side of Fludyer Street , and the realigning and widening of Downing Street .
this was inconvenient and too elongated and was soon superseded by a scheme involving the [acquiring] of sixteen houses that sir samuel fludyer still owned on the south side of fludyer street , and the realigning and widening of downing street .

The Office of Works considered this to be too expensive in land acquisition and Burton then prepared another scheme , which was confined to Crown land , retained Fludyer 's house and No .
the office of works considered this to be too expensive in land [acquiring] and burton then prepared another scheme , which was confined to crown land , retained fludyer 's house and no .

It urged Parliament to sanction the acquisition of the necessary property and to submit the design of the offices to public competition .
it urged parliament to sanction the [acquiring] of the necessary property and to submit the design of the offices to public competition .

No such sanction was obtained but , after the end of the Parliamentary Session , Palmerston on 7th August instructed Hall to prepare the Bill for land acquisition .
no such sanction was obtained but , after the end of the parliamentary session , palmerston on 7th august instructed hall to prepare the bill for land [acquiring] .

These factors will naturally have their effect on acquisition of writing skills .
these factors will naturally have their effect on [acquiring] of writing skills .

For example , for the acquisition of speech there has to be at least adequate hearing , an adequately functioning speech apparatus and the opportunity to hear others ' voices for imitation .
for example , for the [acquiring] of speech there has to be at least adequate hearing , an adequately functioning speech apparatus and the opportunity to hear others ' voices for imitation .

Accent or dialect can communicate place of residence during acquisition of language ; and it may take time for the listener to become accustomed to a different dialect .
accent or dialect can communicate place of residence during [acquiring] of language ; and it may take time for the listener to become accustomed to a different dialect .

The individual 's social and cultural background usually influences the system of values and beliefs which determine behaviour , for example in the expression of spirituality via various ALs , possibly following a formal religion , or in the acquisition of a moral stance on particular issues .
the individual 's social and cultural background usually influences the system of values and beliefs which determine behaviour , for example in the expression of spirituality via various als , possibly following a formal religion , or in the [acquiring] of a moral stance on particular issues .

Because Vygotsky regarded language as the major bridge between our social and mental worlds , he viewed language acquisition as the most signiﬁcant milestone in children ’ s cognitive development .
because vygotsky regarded language as the major bridge between our social and mental worlds , he viewed language [acquiring] as the most signiﬁcant milestone in children ’ s cognitive development .

A channel is the set of all firms and relationships that get a product to market , including the original acquisition of raw materials ; production of the item at a manufacturing facility ; distribution to a retailer ; sale of the finished item to the customer ; and any installation , repair , or service activities that follow the sale .
a channel is the set of all firms and relationships that get a product to market , including the original [acquiring] of raw materials ; production of the item at a manufacturing facility ; distribution to a retailer ; sale of the finished item to the customer ; and any installation , repair , or service activities that follow the sale .

Early attention to strong systems and controls for acquisition and related business processes will be critical both to ensuring success and maintaining integrity and accountability .
early attention to strong systems and controls for [acquiring] and related business processes will be critical both to ensuring success and maintaining integrity and accountability .

Customer Satisfaction timeliness , VBA set a national target for property holding time-the average number of months from date of acquisition to date of sale of properties acquired due to defaults on VA guaranteed loans-of 10 months for fiscal year 2001 .
customer satisfaction timeliness , vba set a national target for property holding time-the average number of months from date of [acquiring] to date of sale of properties acquired due to defaults on va guaranteed loans-of 10 months for fiscal year 2001 .

For example , in fiscal year 1993 , the VA Office of Acquisition and Materiel Management partnered with the VA OIG and the VA Office of General Counsel to establish the VA Procurement Working Group ( PWG ) .
for example , in fiscal year 1993 , the va office of [acquiring] and materiel management partnered with the va oig and the va office of general counsel to establish the va procurement working group ( pwg ) .

As a result , a Contract Review and Evaluation Division was established to provide audit and advisory services related to contracts awarded by contracting officers in VA 's Office of Acquisition and Materiel Management .
as a result , a contract review and evaluation division was established to provide audit and advisory services related to contracts awarded by contracting officers in va 's office of [acquiring] and materiel management .

Some contractors have also developed and implemented corporate responsibility plans to ensure compliance with acquisition regulations and statutes .
some contractors have also developed and implemented corporate responsibility plans to ensure compliance with [acquiring] regulations and statutes .

The Information Technology Resources Board ( ITRB ) is a group of information technology , acquisition , and program managers and practitioners with significant experience in developing , acquiring , and managing information systems in the federal government .
the information technology resources board ( itrb ) is a group of information technology , [acquiring] , and program managers and practitioners with significant experience in developing , acquiring , and managing information systems in the federal government .

We included FAA in our review because it has certain exemptions from the Federal Acquisition Regulations designed to facilitate delegating procurement authorities to lower levels .
we included faa in our review because it has certain exemptions from the federal [acquiring] regulations designed to facilitate delegating procurement authorities to lower levels .

Acquisition of property , plant , and equipment through exchange. -- The cost of property , plant , and equipment ( PP & E ) acquired through an exchange of assets with the public is the fair value of the PP & E surrendered at the time of exchange .
[acquiring] of property , plant , and equipment through exchange. -- the cost of property , plant , and equipment ( pp & e ) acquired through an exchange of assets with the public is the fair value of the pp & e surrendered at the time of exchange .

Acquisition of property , plant , and equipment through exchange. -- The cost of property , plant , and equipment ( PP & E ) acquired through an exchange of assets with the public is the fair value of the PP & E surrendered at the time of exchange .
[acquiring] of property , plant , and equipment through exchange. -- the cost of property , plant , and equipment ( pp & e ) acquired through an exchange of assets with the public is the fair value of the pp & e surrendered at the time of exchange .

Donation of property , plant , and equipment : types that are expensed. -- The acquisition cost of stewardship property , plant , and equipment ( PP & E ) is recognized as a cost when incurred .
donation of property , plant , and equipment : types that are expensed. -- the [acquiring] cost of stewardship property , plant , and equipment ( pp & e ) is recognized as a cost when incurred .

INDEX OF TRANSACTIONS CLASSIFIED IN APPENDIX B Acquisition of property , plant , and equipment ( 585 ) Acquisition of property , plant , and equipment through exchange ( 597 ) Appropriations ( 592 ) Borrowing from the public ( 596 ) Borrowing from Treasury , the Federal Financing Bank , or other Government accounts ( 596 ) Cancellation of debt ( 589 ) Contribution by the general fund to the SMI trust fund ( 594 ) Cost subsidies : difference between internal sales price ( reimbursement ) and full cost ( 593 ) Cost subsidies : difference between service cost of pensions ( and other retirement benefits ) less the employee contributions , if any , and the employer entity contributions ( 593 ) Customs Service fees ( 576 ) Deposit fund transactions ( 600 ) Deposits by states for unemployment trust fund ( 575 ) Deposits of earnings , Federal Reserve System ( 577 ) Disposition of revenue to other entities : custodial transfers ( 596 ) Diversion fees , Department of Justice ( 583 ) Donation of property , plant , and equipment : types that are expensed ( 598 ) Donations : except types of property , plant , and equipment that are expensed ( 577 ) Downward subsidy reestimates for post-1991 direct loans and loan guarantees ( 598 ) Employer entity contributions to health benefit plans for current coverage of Federal employees ( 590 ) Employer entity contributions to pension and other retirement benefit plans for Federal employees ( 589 ) Employer entity contributions to social insurance programs ( 588 ) Employer entity payments for unemployment benefits and workers compensation ( 590 ) Federal employee contributions to health benefits plan for current coverage of Federal employees ( 584 ) Federal employee contributions to pension and other retirement benefit plans ( 583 ) Fees on post-1991 direct loans and loan guarantees ( 598 ) Fines and penalties ( 578 ) Forfeitures ( 578 ) Individual income taxes , corporation income taxes , social insurance taxes and contributions , excise taxes , estate and gift taxes , and customs duties ( 574 ) Interchange between the Railroad Retirement Board and the Social Security and Hospital Insurance trust funds ( 594 ) Interest ( unless classified elsewhere ) ( 580 ) Interest on delinquent taxes and other receivables that arise as a result of custodial operations ( 582 ) Interest on post-1991 direct loans ( 582 ) Interest on Treasury securities held by revolving funds ( 590 ) Interest on Treasury securities held by trust funds and special funds except trust revolving funds ( 587 ) Interest on Treasury securities held by trust revolving funds ( 591 ) Interest on uninvested funds held by direct loan and guaranteed loan financing accounts ( 591 ) Interest received by one fund from another ( 588 ) Interest received by Treasury ( 591 ) Intragovernmental sales of goods and services by a fund other than a revolving fund ( 589 ) Intragovernmental sales of goods and services by a revolving fund ( 589 ) Negative subsidies on post-1991 direct laons and loan guarantees ( 598 ) Penalties due to delinquent taxes in connection with custodial activity ( 578 ) Premiums for SMI ( Supplementary Medical Insurance ) , bank deposit insurance , pension benefit guarantees , crop insurance , and other insurance ( 583 ) Proceeds from the auction of the radio spectrum ( 581 ) Regulatory user fees such as patent and copyright fees ; immigration and consular fees ; SEC registration and filing fees ; and Nuclear Regulatory Commission fees ( 582 ) Reimbursement for cleanup costs ( 584 ) Reimbursement for collecting revenue ( 584 ) Rents , royalties , and bonuses on Outer Continental Shelf ( OCS ) ( 580 ) Repayment of post-1991 direct loans ( 598 ) Repayment of pre-1992 direct loans ( 599 ) Repayment of receivables : except direct loans ( 599 ) Retirement of debt securities prior to maturity ( 586 ) Retirement of debt securities prior to maturity : revolving funds and trust revolving funds ( 592 ) Retirement of debt securities prior to maturity : trust funds and special funds except trust revolving funds ( 588 ) Revaluation of capitalized property , plant , and equipment ( 595 ) Revaluation of inventory and related property ( 596 ) Sales of different types of Government assets .
index of transactions classified in appendix b [acquiring] of property , plant , and equipment ( 585 ) [acquiring] of property , plant , and equipment through exchange ( 597 ) appropriations ( 592 ) borrowing from the public ( 596 ) borrowing from treasury , the federal financing bank , or other government accounts ( 596 ) cancellation of debt ( 589 ) contribution by the general fund to the smi trust fund ( 594 ) cost subsidies : difference between internal sales price ( reimbursement ) and full cost ( 593 ) cost subsidies : difference between service cost of pensions ( and other retirement benefits ) less the employee contributions , if any , and the employer entity contributions ( 593 ) customs service fees ( 576 ) deposit fund transactions ( 600 ) deposits by states for unemployment trust fund ( 575 ) deposits of earnings , federal reserve system ( 577 ) disposition of revenue to other entities : custodial transfers ( 596 ) diversion fees , department of justice ( 583 ) donation of property , plant , and equipment : types that are expensed ( 598 ) donations : except types of property , plant , and equipment that are expensed ( 577 ) downward subsidy reestimates for post-1991 direct loans and loan guarantees ( 598 ) employer entity contributions to health benefit plans for current coverage of federal employees ( 590 ) employer entity contributions to pension and other retirement benefit plans for federal employees ( 589 ) employer entity contributions to social insurance programs ( 588 ) employer entity payments for unemployment benefits and workers compensation ( 590 ) federal employee contributions to health benefits plan for current coverage of federal employees ( 584 ) federal employee contributions to pension and other retirement benefit plans ( 583 ) fees on post-1991 direct loans and loan guarantees ( 598 ) fines and penalties ( 578 ) forfeitures ( 578 ) individual income taxes , corporation income taxes , social insurance taxes and contributions , excise taxes , estate and gift taxes , and customs duties ( 574 ) interchange between the railroad retirement board and the social security and hospital insurance trust funds ( 594 ) interest ( unless classified elsewhere ) ( 580 ) interest on delinquent taxes and other receivables that arise as a result of custodial operations ( 582 ) interest on post-1991 direct loans ( 582 ) interest on treasury securities held by revolving funds ( 590 ) interest on treasury securities held by trust funds and special funds except trust revolving funds ( 587 ) interest on treasury securities held by trust revolving funds ( 591 ) interest on uninvested funds held by direct loan and guaranteed loan financing accounts ( 591 ) interest received by one fund from another ( 588 ) interest received by treasury ( 591 ) intragovernmental sales of goods and services by a fund other than a revolving fund ( 589 ) intragovernmental sales of goods and services by a revolving fund ( 589 ) negative subsidies on post-1991 direct laons and loan guarantees ( 598 ) penalties due to delinquent taxes in connection with custodial activity ( 578 ) premiums for smi ( supplementary medical insurance ) , bank deposit insurance , pension benefit guarantees , crop insurance , and other insurance ( 583 ) proceeds from the auction of the radio spectrum ( 581 ) regulatory user fees such as patent and copyright fees ; immigration and consular fees ; sec registration and filing fees ; and nuclear regulatory commission fees ( 582 ) reimbursement for cleanup costs ( 584 ) reimbursement for collecting revenue ( 584 ) rents , royalties , and bonuses on outer continental shelf ( ocs ) ( 580 ) repayment of post-1991 direct loans ( 598 ) repayment of pre-1992 direct loans ( 599 ) repayment of receivables : except direct loans ( 599 ) retirement of debt securities prior to maturity ( 586 ) retirement of debt securities prior to maturity : revolving funds and trust revolving funds ( 592 ) retirement of debt securities prior to maturity : trust funds and special funds except trust revolving funds ( 588 ) revaluation of capitalized property , plant , and equipment ( 595 ) revaluation of inventory and related property ( 596 ) sales of different types of government assets .

Federal mission PP & E shall be valued and reported using either the total cost or the latest acquisition cost valuation method .
federal mission pp & e shall be valued and reported using either the total cost or the latest [acquiring] cost valuation method .

Federal mission PP & E shall be valued using either the total cost or the latest acquisition cost valuation method .
federal mission pp & e shall be valued using either the total cost or the latest [acquiring] cost valuation method .

For purposes of this standard , the `` total cost method '' is defined to include the actual acquisition cost of each item held plus the costs of any additions , improvements , alterations , rehabilitations , or replacements that extend the useful life of the Federal mission PP & E .
for purposes of this standard , the `` total cost method '' is defined to include the actual [acquiring] cost of each item held plus the costs of any additions , improvements , alterations , rehabilitations , or replacements that extend the useful life of the federal mission pp & e .

Under the latest acquisition cost method , all like units that are held are valued at the invoice price of the most recent like item purchased , less any discounts , plus additional costs described in the following paragraphs .
under the latest [acquiring] cost method , all like units that are held are valued at the invoice price of the most recent like item purchased , less any discounts , plus additional costs described in the following paragraphs .

The acquisition cost of Federal mission PP & E shall be considered an expense in determining the net costs of operations in the period acquired .
the [acquiring] cost of federal mission pp & e shall be considered an expense in determining the net costs of operations in the period acquired .

The acquisition cost of stewardship land shall be considered an expense in the period acquired when determining the net cost of operations .
the [acquiring] cost of stewardship land shall be considered an expense in the period acquired when determining the net cost of operations .

Respondents to the Board 's question on whether the alternatives of presenting costs of Federal mission PP & E in terms of either total ( historical ) or latest acquisition cost generally believed that both options should not be allowed .
respondents to the board 's question on whether the alternatives of presenting costs of federal mission pp & e in terms of either total ( historical ) or latest [acquiring] cost generally believed that both options should not be allowed .

Still others believed that total ( historical ) cost should be the long-term goal , with the use of latest acquisition cost allowed only until such historical cost data would be available .
still others believed that total ( historical ) cost should be the long-term goal , with the use of latest [acquiring] cost allowed only until such historical cost data would be available .

Therefore , it believes that its decision to accept either the historical cost or latest acquisition cost method is appropriate .
therefore , it believes that its decision to accept either the historical cost or latest [acquiring] cost method is appropriate .

In the display that follows , items included under the caption `` weapons systems '' are valued at the most recent acquisition cost of a comparable item .
in the display that follows , items included under the caption `` weapons systems '' are valued at the most recent [acquiring] cost of a comparable item .

S7P168-169 ACQUISITION COST General PP & E .
s7p168-169 [acquiring] cost general pp & e .

DEPRECIATION ACCOUNTING - The systematic and rational allocation of the acquisition cost of an asset , less its estimated salvage or residual value , over its estimated useful life .
depreciation accounting - the systematic and rational allocation of the [acquiring] cost of an asset , less its estimated salvage or residual value , over its estimated useful life .

HISTORICAL COST - Initially , the amount of cash ( or its equivalent ) paid to acquire an asset ; subsequent to acquisition , the historical amount may be adjusted for amortization .
historical cost - initially , the amount of cash ( or its equivalent ) paid to acquire an asset ; subsequent to [acquiring] , the historical amount may be adjusted for amortization .

LATEST ACQUISITION COST ( LAC ) METHOD -A method that provides that all like units that are held be valued at the invoice price of the most recent like item purchased , less any discounts , plus any additional costs incurred to bring the item to a form and location suitable for its intended use .
latest [acquiring] cost ( lac ) method -a method that provides that all like units that are held be valued at the invoice price of the most recent like item purchased , less any discounts , plus any additional costs incurred to bring the item to a form and location suitable for its intended use .

LATEST ACQUISITION COST - Includes all amounts , except interest , paid to a vendor to acquire an item .
latest [acquiring] cost - includes all amounts , except interest , paid to a vendor to acquire an item .

LIFE-CYCLE COSTING - An acquisition or procurement technique which considers operating , maintenance , and other costs in addition to the acquisition cost of assets .
life-cycle costing - an [acquiring] or procurement technique which considers operating , maintenance , and other costs in addition to the [acquiring] cost of assets .

PURCHASES METHOD -A method of accounting for goods , such as materials and supplies , in which the acquisition cost is recognized as an expense upon purchase of the goods rather than upon their use .
purchases method -a method of accounting for goods , such as materials and supplies , in which the [acquiring] cost is recognized as an expense upon purchase of the goods rather than upon their use .

In addition , the Federal Acquisition Streamlining Act of 1994 requires the head of each executive agency to approve or define the cost , performance , and schedule goals for major agency acquisition programs .
in addition , the federal [acquiring] streamlining act of 1994 requires the head of each executive agency to approve or define the cost , performance , and schedule goals for major agency [acquiring] programs .

The first section provides an overview of the traditional payment systems to vendors for the acquisition of goods and services and to employees as a result of government travel .
the first section provides an overview of the traditional payment systems to vendors for the [acquiring] of goods and services and to employees as a result of government travel .

The third section covers payments to vendors for the acquisition of goods and services and the fourth section covers payments to employees for government travel .
the third section covers payments to vendors for the [acquiring] of goods and services and the fourth section covers payments to employees for government travel .

OMB Circular A125 PromptPayment,5 the Prompt Payment Act , and the Federal Acquisition Regulation ( FAR ) , part 13 provide guidance on implementing fast pay .
omb circular a125 promptpayment,5 the prompt payment act , and the federal [acquiring] regulation ( far ) , part 13 provide guidance on implementing fast pay .

Streamlining the Payment Process- Acquisition of Goods and Services Verification of Receipt and Acceptance After Payment Authorization ( Fast Pay ) In an effort to streamline operations and reduce costs while taking advantage of currently available technology , many agencies have redesigned or modified their payment systems .
streamlining the payment process- [acquiring] of goods and services verification of receipt and acceptance after payment authorization ( fast pay ) in an effort to streamline operations and reduce costs while taking advantage of currently available technology , many agencies have redesigned or modified their payment systems .

Agencies ' specific questions regarding their payment systems for the acquisition of goods , along with our responses , are organized into the following six sections .
agencies ' specific questions regarding their payment systems for the [acquiring] of goods , along with our responses , are organized into the following six sections .

Since specific authority to implement a fast pay process for the acquisition of goods and services at agencies exists as set forth in OMB Circular A12513 and FAR , our permission is not necessary .
since specific authority to implement a fast pay process for the [acquiring] of goods and services at agencies exists as set forth in omb circular a12513 and far , our permission is not necessary .

However , one agency , where fast pay procedures had been implemented for the acquisition of certain goods , was moving toward verifying receipt and acceptance of invoices on a sampling basis .
however , one agency , where fast pay procedures had been implemented for the [acquiring] of certain goods , was moving toward verifying receipt and acceptance of invoices on a sampling basis .

This entity had designed a payment system whereby the acquisition of certain goods and services made under maintenance contracts and purchase orders would not require an invoice to generate a payment .
this entity had designed a payment system whereby the [acquiring] of certain goods and services made under maintenance contracts and purchase orders would not require an invoice to generate a payment .

Research , Development , Test and Evaluation , and Procurement Funding for Fiscal Years 1995 to 200712 Knowledge-based Process for Applying Best Practices to the Development of New Products13 Notional Illustration Showing the Different Paths That a Product 's Development Can Take15 DOD 's Concurrent Approach to Weapon System Development16 Notional Single-Step and Evolutionary Approaches to Developing New Products31 Achieving Stability on AIM-9X Missile Program by Knowledge Point 244 History of Drawing Completion for the F-22 Program46 PAC-3 Design Knowledge at Critical Design Review49 Illustration to Show How the Best Practice Model Would Apply to DOD 's Acquisition Process56 A United States General Accounting Office Washington , D.C. 20548 July 15 , 2002 The Honorable Daniel Akaka Chairman The Honorable James Inhofe Ranking Minority Member Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support Committee on Armed Services United States Senate As you requested , this report examines how best practices offer improvements to the way the Department of Defense develops new weapon systems , primarily the design and manufacturing aspects of the acquisition process .
research , development , test and evaluation , and procurement funding for fiscal years 1995 to 200712 knowledge-based process for applying best practices to the development of new products13 notional illustration showing the different paths that a product 's development can take15 dod 's concurrent approach to weapon system development16 notional single-step and evolutionary approaches to developing new products31 achieving stability on aim-9x missile program by knowledge point 244 history of drawing completion for the f-22 program46 pac-3 design knowledge at critical design review49 illustration to show how the best practice model would apply to dod 's [acquiring] process56 a united states general accounting office washington , d.c. 20548 july 15 , 2002 the honorable daniel akaka chairman the honorable james inhofe ranking minority member subcommittee on readiness and management support committee on armed services united states senate as you requested , this report examines how best practices offer improvements to the way the department of defense develops new weapon systems , primarily the design and manufacturing aspects of the [acquiring] process .

It examines the attainment of design and manufacturing knowledge and its use at critical junctures to make decisions about weapon systems ' readiness to move forward in the acquisition process .
it examines the attainment of design and manufacturing knowledge and its use at critical junctures to make decisions about weapon systems ' readiness to move forward in the [acquiring] process .

We make recommendations to the Secretary of Defense for improvements to weapon system acquisition policy to better align design and manufacturing activities with best practices that have shown that the capture and use of key knowledge can result in better cost , schedule , and performance outcomes .
we make recommendations to the secretary of defense for improvements to weapon system [acquiring] policy to better align design and manufacturing activities with best practices that have shown that the capture and use of key knowledge can result in better cost , schedule , and performance outcomes .

Katherine V. Schinasi Director Acquisition and Sourcing Management Executive Summary Historically , the Department of Defense ( DOD ) has taken much longer and Purpose spent much more than originally planned to develop and acquire its weapon systems , significantly reducing the department 's buying power over the years .
katherine v. schinasi director [acquiring] and sourcing management executive summary historically , the department of defense ( dod ) has taken much longer and purpose spent much more than originally planned to develop and acquire its weapon systems , significantly reducing the department 's buying power over the years .

While DOD has made some progress in recent years , GAO 's recent weapon system reviews show that persistent problems continue to hinder acquisition cost , schedule , and performance outcomes .
while dod has made some progress in recent years , gao 's recent weapon system reviews show that persistent problems continue to hinder [acquiring] cost , schedule , and performance outcomes .

This report addresses how DOD can manage its weapon system acquisition process to ensure important knowledge about a system 's design , critical manufacturing processes , and reliability is captured and used to make informed and timely decisions before committing to substantial development and production investments .
this report addresses how dod can manage its weapon system [acquiring] process to ensure important knowledge about a system 's design , critical manufacturing processes , and reliability is captured and used to make informed and timely decisions before committing to substantial development and production investments .

In response to a request from the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member , Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support , Senate Committee on Armed Services , GAO ( 1 ) assessed the impact of design and manufacturing knowledge on DOD program outcomes , ( 2 ) compared best practices to those used in DOD programs , and ( 3 ) analyzed current weapon system acquisition guidance for applicability of best practices to obtain better program outcomes .
in response to a request from the chairman and the ranking minority member , subcommittee on readiness and management support , senate committee on armed services , gao ( 1 ) assessed the impact of design and manufacturing knowledge on dod program outcomes , ( 2 ) compared best practices to those used in dod programs , and ( 3 ) analyzed current weapon system [acquiring] guidance for applicability of best practices to obtain better program outcomes .

DOD has made changes to its acquisition policy2 in an attempt to improve its framework for developing weapon systems , but the policy does not require the capture of design or manufacturing knowledge or sufficient criteria to enter the system demonstration and production phases .
dod has made changes to its [acquiring] policy2 in an attempt to improve its framework for developing weapon systems , but the policy does not require the capture of design or manufacturing knowledge or sufficient criteria to enter the system demonstration and production phases .

Instead , the acquisition environment emphasizes delaying knowledge capture and problem identification since these events can have a negative influence on obtaining annual program funding-a key to success for DOD managers .
instead , the [acquiring] environment emphasizes delaying knowledge capture and problem identification since these events can have a negative influence on obtaining annual program funding-a key to success for dod managers .

GAO is making recommendations to the Secretary of Defense on ways to improve DOD 's acquisition process to achieve better outcomes by incorporating best practices to capture design and manufacturing knowledge and then use this knowledge as a basis for decisions to commit significant additional time and money as an acquisition program progresses through system demonstration and into production .
gao is making recommendations to the secretary of defense on ways to improve dod 's [acquiring] process to achieve better outcomes by incorporating best practices to capture design and manufacturing knowledge and then use this knowledge as a basis for decisions to commit significant additional time and money as an [acquiring] program progresses through system demonstration and into production .

DOD Directive 5000.1 , The Defense Acquisition System ( Oct. 23 , 2000 ) , DOD Instruction 5000.2 , Operation of the Defense Acquisition System ( Apr .
dod directive 5000.1 , the defense [acquiring] system ( oct. 23 , 2000 ) , dod instruction 5000.2 , operation of the defense [acquiring] system ( apr .

A Better Match of Policy and Incentives Is Needed to Ensure Capture of Design and Manufacturing Knowledge DOD 's acquisition policy establishes a good framework for developing weapon systems ; however , more specific criteria , disciplined adherence , and stronger acquisition incentives are needed to ensure the timely capture and use of knowledge and decision making .
a better match of policy and incentives is needed to ensure capture of design and manufacturing knowledge dod 's [acquiring] policy establishes a good framework for developing weapon systems ; however , more specific criteria , disciplined adherence , and stronger [acquiring] incentives are needed to ensure the timely capture and use of knowledge and decision making .

DOD recently changed its acquisition policy to emphasize evolutionary acquisition and establish separate integration and demonstration phases in the product development process .
dod recently changed its [acquiring] policy to emphasize evolutionary [acquiring] and establish separate integration and demonstration phases in the product development process .

While similar to the leading commercial companies ' approach , the policy lacks detailed criteria for capturing and using design and manufacturing knowledge to facilitate better decisions and more successful acquisition program outcomes .
while similar to the leading commercial companies ' approach , the policy lacks detailed criteria for capturing and using design and manufacturing knowledge to facilitate better decisions and more successful [acquiring] program outcomes .

While the right policy and criteria are necessary to ensure a disciplined , knowledge-based product development process , the incentives that influence the key players in the acquisition process will ultimately determine whether they will be used effectively .
while the right policy and criteria are necessary to ensure a disciplined , knowledge-based product development process , the incentives that influence the key players in the [acquiring] process will ultimately determine whether they will be used effectively .

Over the next 5 years , starting in fiscal year 2003 , DOD 's request for weapon system development and acquisition funds is estimated to be $ 700 billion ( see fig .
over the next 5 years , starting in fiscal year 2003 , dod 's request for weapon system development and [acquiring] funds is estimated to be $ 700 billion ( see fig .

In view of the importance of DOD 's investment in weapon systems , we have undertaken an extensive body of work that examines DOD 's acquisition issues from a different , more cross-cutting perspective-one that draws lessons learned from the best commercial product development efforts to see if they apply to weapon system acquisitions .
in view of the importance of dod 's investment in weapon systems , we have undertaken an extensive body of work that examines dod 's [acquiring] issues from a different , more cross-cutting perspective-one that draws lessons learned from the best commercial product development efforts to see if they apply to weapon system acquisitions .

This report looks at the core of the acquisition process , specifically product development and ways to successfully design and manufacture the product .
this report looks at the core of the [acquiring] process , specifically product development and ways to successfully design and manufacture the product .

The concepts discussed build on our previous reports , which looked at the earlier phases of an acquisition , including matching customer needs and available resources .
the concepts discussed build on our previous reports , which looked at the earlier phases of an [acquiring] , including matching customer needs and available resources .

DOD has historically developed new weapon systems in a highly concurrent environment that usually forces acquisition programs to manage technology , design , and manufacturing risk at the same time .
dod has historically developed new weapon systems in a highly concurrent environment that usually forces [acquiring] programs to manage technology , design , and manufacturing risk at the same time .

It is difficult to prioritize and allocate limited budgets among needed requirements when acquisition programs ' cost and schedule are always in question .
it is difficult to prioritize and allocate limited budgets among needed requirements when [acquiring] programs ' cost and schedule are always in question .

DOD recently made constructive changes to its acquisition policy that embrace best Objectives , Scope , and Methodology practices .
dod recently made constructive changes to its [acquiring] policy that embrace best objectives , scope , and methodology practices .

Our overall objective was to determine whether best practices offer methods to improve the way DOD ensures that the design is stable early in the development process and whether having manufacturing processes in control before production results in better cost , schedule , and quality outcomes in DOD major acquisition programs .
our overall objective was to determine whether best practices offer methods to improve the way dod ensures that the design is stable early in the development process and whether having manufacturing processes in control before production results in better cost , schedule , and quality outcomes in dod major [acquiring] programs .

Specifically , we identified best practices that have led to more successful product development and production outcomes , compared the best practices to those used in DOD programs , and analyzed current weapon system acquisition guidance for applicability of best practices .
specifically , we identified best practices that have led to more successful product development and production outcomes , compared the best practices to those used in dod programs , and analyzed current weapon system [acquiring] guidance for applicability of best practices .

Next , we compared and contrasted the best practices with product development practices used in five DOD major acquisition programs .
next , we compared and contrasted the best practices with product development practices used in five dod major [acquiring] programs .

The Air Force expects to buy 341 at a total acquisition cost ( development and procurement ) estimated at $ 69.7 billion .
the air force expects to buy 341 at a total [acquiring] cost ( development and procurement ) estimated at $ 69.7 billion .

The Army plans to buy 1,159 missiles at a total acquisition cost estimated at $ 8.5 billion .
the army plans to buy 1,159 missiles at a total [acquiring] cost estimated at $ 8.5 billion .

The Army and the Special Operations Command plan to buy 1,078 systems at a total acquisition cost estimated at $ 2.9 billion .
the army and the special operations command plan to buy 1,078 systems at a total [acquiring] cost estimated at $ 2.9 billion .

The AIM-9X is planned to have increased resistance to countermeasures and improved target acquisition capability .
the aim-9x is planned to have increased resistance to countermeasures and improved target [acquiring] capability .

DOD plans to buy 10,142 missiles at a total acquisition cost estimated at $ 3 billion .
dod plans to buy 10,142 missiles at a total [acquiring] cost estimated at $ 3 billion .

The Navy plans to buy 548 aircraft at a total acquisition cost estimated at $ 48.8 billion .
the navy plans to buy 548 aircraft at a total [acquiring] cost estimated at $ 48.8 billion .

We selected these programs for review based on cost , schedule , and performance data presented in the Selected Acquisition Reports3 for each program .
we selected these programs for review based on cost , schedule , and performance data presented in the selected [acquiring] reports3 for each program .

In some cases , we discussed design and manufacturing issues with representatives of the primary contractor for the specific program to obtain information on the practices and procedures used by the program to ready 3 The Selected Acquisition Report provides standard , comprehensive summary reporting of cost , schedule , and performance information for major defense acquisition programs to the Congress .
in some cases , we discussed design and manufacturing issues with representatives of the primary contractor for the specific program to obtain information on the practices and procedures used by the program to ready 3 the selected [acquiring] report provides standard , comprehensive summary reporting of cost , schedule , and performance information for major defense [acquiring] programs to the congress .

Source : DOD program offices and Selected Acquisition Reports .
source : dod program offices and selected [acquiring] reports .

Source : GAO 's analysis and DOD acquisition guidance .
source : gao 's analysis and dod [acquiring] guidance .

U.S. General Accounting Office , Best Practices : Successful Application to Weapon Acquisition Requires Changes in DOD 's Environment GAO/NSIAD-98-56 ( Washington , D.C. : Feb. 24 , 1998 ) .
u.s. general accounting office , best practices : successful application to weapon [acquiring] requires changes in dod 's environment gao/nsiad-98-56 ( washington , d.c. : feb. 24 , 1998 ) .

Chapter 4 A Better Match of Policy and Incentives Is Needed to Ensure Capture of Design and Manufacturing Knowledge The Department of Defense 's ( DOD ) acquisition policy9 establishes a good framework for developing weapon systems ; however , disciplined adherence , more specific criteria , and stronger acquisition incentives are needed to ensure the timely capture and use of knowledge in decision making .
chapter 4 a better match of policy and incentives is needed to ensure capture of design and manufacturing knowledge the department of defense 's ( dod ) [acquiring] policy9 establishes a good framework for developing weapon systems ; however , disciplined adherence , more specific criteria , and stronger [acquiring] incentives are needed to ensure the timely capture and use of knowledge in decision making .

DOD changed its acquisition policy to emphasize evolutionary acquisition and establish separate integration and demonstration phases in the product development process .
dod changed its [acquiring] policy to emphasize evolutionary [acquiring] and establish separate integration and demonstration phases in the product development process .

However , DOD 's acquisition policy lacks detailed criteria for capturing and using design and manufacturing knowledge to facilitate better decisions and more successful acquisition program outcomes .
however , dod 's [acquiring] policy lacks detailed criteria for capturing and using design and manufacturing knowledge to facilitate better decisions and more successful [acquiring] program outcomes .

While the right policy and criteria are necessary to ensure a disciplined , knowledge-based product development process , the incentives that influence the key players in the acquisition process will ultimately determine whether they will be used effectively .
while the right policy and criteria are necessary to ensure a disciplined , knowledge-based product development process , the incentives that influence the key players in the [acquiring] process will ultimately determine whether they will be used effectively .

Instead of a scheduledriven process , their process is driven by events that bring them 9 DOD Directive 5000.1 , The Defense Acquisition System ( Oct. 23 , 2000 ) , DOD Instruction 5000.2 , Operation of the Defense Acquisition System ( Apr .
instead of a scheduledriven process , their process is driven by events that bring them 9 dod directive 5000.1 , the defense [acquiring] system ( oct. 23 , 2000 ) , dod instruction 5000.2 , operation of the defense [acquiring] system ( apr .

Page 52 GAO-02-701 Best Practices Chapter 4 A Better Match of Policy and Incentives Is Needed to Ensure Capture of Design and Manufacturing Knowledge Acquisition Policy Lacks Specific Implementation Criteria knowledge : critical design reviews that are supported by completed engineering drawings and production decisions that are supported by reliability testing and statistical process control data .
page 52 gao-02-701 best practices chapter 4 a better match of policy and incentives is needed to ensure capture of design and manufacturing knowledge [acquiring] policy lacks specific implementation criteria knowledge : critical design reviews that are supported by completed engineering drawings and production decisions that are supported by reliability testing and statistical process control data .

As a result , these programs encountered significant increases in acquisition costs as well as delays in delivering capabilities to the war fighter .
as a result , these programs encountered significant increases in [acquiring] costs as well as delays in delivering capabilities to the war fighter .

According to DOD 's current acquisition policy , the system integration phase of an acquisition normally begins with the decision to launch a program .
according to dod 's current [acquiring] policy , the system integration phase of an [acquiring] normally begins with the decision to launch a program .

Chapter 4 A Better Match of Policy and Incentives Is Needed to Ensure Capture of Design and Manufacturing Knowledge DOD 's current acquisition policy also states that the system demonstration phase begins after prototypes have been built and demonstrated in a relevant environment during system integration .
chapter 4 a better match of policy and incentives is needed to ensure capture of design and manufacturing knowledge dod 's current [acquiring] policy also states that the system demonstration phase begins after prototypes have been built and demonstrated in a relevant environment during system integration .

Figure 9 illustrates the commercial model for knowledge to be captured and delivered during product integration and product demonstration and the possible application of that model to DOD 's acquisition process .
figure 9 illustrates the commercial model for knowledge to be captured and delivered during product integration and product demonstration and the possible application of that model to dod 's [acquiring] process .

Without a similar decision review to bring accountability to the DOD process , acquisition programs can-and do-continue to advance into system demonstration without a stable design .
without a similar decision review to bring accountability to the dod process , [acquiring] programs can-and do-continue to advance into system demonstration without a stable design .

Chapter 4 A Better Match of Policy and Incentives Is Needed to Ensure Capture of Design and Manufacturing Knowledge Incentives in the DOD Acquisition Environment Do Not Favor Capture of Design and Manufacturing Knowledge Early Enough The incentives for program managers and product developers to gather knowledge and reduce risk are also critical to DOD 's ability to adopt best practices for product development .
chapter 4 a better match of policy and incentives is needed to ensure capture of design and manufacturing knowledge incentives in the dod [acquiring] environment do not favor capture of design and manufacturing knowledge early enough the incentives for program managers and product developers to gather knowledge and reduce risk are also critical to dod 's ability to adopt best practices for product development .

DOD 's current acquisition environment is driven by incentives to make decisions while significant unknowns about the system 's design and manufacturability persist .
dod 's current [acquiring] environment is driven by incentives to make decisions while significant unknowns about the system 's design and manufacturability persist .

Because events that should drive key decisions , such as critical design reviews , interim progress reviews , and production decision reviews , are based on inadequate design and manufacturing knowledge , they do not support decisions to invest more and move to the next phase of the acquisition process .
because events that should drive key decisions , such as critical design reviews , interim progress reviews , and production decision reviews , are based on inadequate design and manufacturing knowledge , they do not support decisions to invest more and move to the next phase of the [acquiring] process .

In DOD 's current acquisition environment , the customer is willing to trade time and money for the highest performing weapon system possible .
in dod 's current [acquiring] environment , the customer is willing to trade time and money for the highest performing weapon system possible .

DOD has made improvements in its acquisition policy by incorporating guidance for evolutionary acquisition , creating guidelines for the development of a basic product that can be upgraded with additional capabilities as technologies present themselves .
dod has made improvements in its [acquiring] policy by incorporating guidance for evolutionary [acquiring] , creating guidelines for the development of a basic product that can be upgraded with additional capabilities as technologies present themselves .

However , evolutionary acquisition has yet to be consistently implemented with success on individual weapon system acquisitions .
however , evolutionary [acquiring] has yet to be consistently implemented with success on individual weapon system acquisitions .

Regardless of whether DOD emphasized greater use of evolutionary acquisition , acquisition programs are not capturing sufficient design and manufacturing knowledge to make good decisions at key investment points .
regardless of whether dod emphasized greater use of evolutionary [acquiring] , [acquiring] programs are not capturing sufficient design and manufacturing knowledge to make good decisions at key investment points .

DOD should take steps to close the gaps between its current acquisition environment and best practices .
dod should take steps to close the gaps between its current [acquiring] environment and best practices .

To do this , it should ensure that its acquisition process captures specific design and manufacturing knowledge , includes decisions at key junctures in the development program , and provides incentives to use a knowledge-based process .
to do this , it should ensure that its [acquiring] process captures specific design and manufacturing knowledge , includes decisions at key junctures in the development program , and provides incentives to use a knowledge-based process .

To ensure visibility of demonstrated exit criteria to decision makers , the criteria and the program 's status in achieving them should be included in each program 's Defense Acquisition Executive Summary and Selected Acquisition Reports .
to ensure visibility of demonstrated exit criteria to decision makers , the criteria and the program 's status in achieving them should be included in each program 's defense [acquiring] executive summary and selected [acquiring] reports .

DOD concurred with a draft of this report and agreed with the benefits of using design and manufacturing knowledge to make informed decisions at key points in a system acquisition program .
dod concurred with a draft of this report and agreed with the benefits of using design and manufacturing knowledge to make informed decisions at key points in a system [acquiring] program .

DOD concurred with our recommendation to add exit criteria at two key points in the acquisition process-when transitioning from system integration to system demonstration and from system demonstration into production .
dod concurred with our recommendation to add exit criteria at two key points in the [acquiring] process-when transitioning from system integration to system demonstration and from system demonstration into production .

Defense Acquisition : Employing Best Practices Can Shape Better Weapon System Decisions .
defense [acquiring] : employing best practices can shape better weapon system decisions .

Defense Acquisition : Best Commercial Practices Can Improve Program Outcomes .
defense [acquiring] : best commercial practices can improve program outcomes .

Defense Acquisition : Improved Program Outcomes Are Possible .
defense [acquiring] : improved program outcomes are possible .

Cutting Costs of the F-22 Aircraft Program : In a series of reports beginning in the mid 1990s , GAO questioned various aspects of the Air Force 's F-22 aircraft acquisition program .
cutting costs of the f-22 aircraft program : in a series of reports beginning in the mid 1990s , gao questioned various aspects of the air force 's f-22 aircraft [acquiring] program .

We reported that the acquisition strategy was risky and that the program was experiencing cost growth , manufacturing problems with test aircraft , and testing delays .
we reported that the [acquiring] strategy was risky and that the program was experiencing cost growth , manufacturing problems with test aircraft , and testing delays .

It also helps prevent or detect other material losses that could result from unauthorized acquisition , use , or disposition of assets .
it also helps prevent or detect other material losses that could result from unauthorized [acquiring] , use , or disposition of assets .

Such controls include , for example , the process of assessing the risk of unauthorized acquisition , use , or disposition of assets and establishing control activities to help ensure that management directives to address the risk are carried out .
such controls include , for example , the process of assessing the risk of unauthorized [acquiring] , use , or disposition of assets and establishing control activities to help ensure that management directives to address the risk are carried out .

Such control activities would include permitting acquisition , use , or disposition of assets only in accordance with management 's general or specific authorization , including compliance with established control activities for such acquisition , use , or disposition .
such control activities would include permitting [acquiring] , use , or disposition of assets only in accordance with management 's general or specific authorization , including compliance with established control activities for such [acquiring] , use , or disposition .

Finally , controls over safeguarding of assets against unauthorized acquisition , use , or disposition also relate to making available to management information it needs to carry out its responsibilities related to prevention or timely detection of such unauthorized activities , as well as mechanisms to enable management to monitor the continued effective operation of such controls .
finally , controls over safeguarding of assets against unauthorized [acquiring] , use , or disposition also relate to making available to management information it needs to carry out its responsibilities related to prevention or timely detection of such unauthorized activities , as well as mechanisms to enable management to monitor the continued effective operation of such controls .

Controls over the safeguarding of resources include policies and procedures that management has implemented to reasonably prevent or promptly detect unauthorized acquisition , use , or disposition of resources .
controls over the safeguarding of resources include policies and procedures that management has implemented to reasonably prevent or promptly detect unauthorized [acquiring] , use , or disposition of resources .

Targeted investments need to be made in our 2GAO 's 11 teams will be Acquisition and Sourcing Management ; Education Workforce and Income Security ; Finance and Assurance ; Financial Markets and Community Investments ; Health Care ; Information Technology ; International Affairs and Trade ; Military Strategy and Readiness ; Natural Resources and Environment ; Physical Infrastructure ; and Tax Administration and Justice .
targeted investments need to be made in our 2gao 's 11 teams will be [acquiring] and sourcing management ; education workforce and income security ; finance and assurance ; financial markets and community investments ; health care ; information technology ; international affairs and trade ; military strategy and readiness ; natural resources and environment ; physical infrastructure ; and tax administration and justice .

Internal control should be designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention of or prompt detection of unauthorized acquisition , use , or disposition of an agency 's assets .
internal control should be designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention of or prompt detection of unauthorized [acquiring] , use , or disposition of an agency 's assets .

This category includes entitywide security program planning , management , control over data center operations , system software acquisition and maintenance , access security , and application system development and maintenance .
this category includes entitywide security program planning , management , control over data center operations , system software [acquiring] and maintenance , access security , and application system development and maintenance .

The study identifies 18 best practices that federal agencies and other facility owners can use to manage and/or oversee design reviews throughout the facility acquisition process .
the study identifies 18 best practices that federal agencies and other facility owners can use to manage and/or oversee design reviews throughout the facility [acquiring] process .

It is a cooperative association of 20 federal agencies with interests and responsibilities related to all aspects of facility design , acquisition , management , maintenance , and evaluation .
it is a cooperative association of 20 federal agencies with interests and responsibilities related to all aspects of facility design , [acquiring] , management , maintenance , and evaluation .

A literature search was used to identify facility acquisition practices and industry trends , as well as best practices and technologies being used to provide adequate management and oversight of design reviews .
a literature search was used to identify facility [acquiring] practices and industry trends , as well as best practices and technologies being used to provide adequate management and oversight of design reviews .

The changes in the facilities acquisition environment led FFC to conclude that a review of issues , practices , and methods related to the design phase of the acquisition process would be beneficial .
the changes in the facilities [acquiring] environment led ffc to conclude that a review of issues , practices , and methods related to the design phase of the [acquiring] process would be beneficial .

In view of the lack of commonly accepted definitions of the elements , duration , and substance of the design review process , FFC decided to focus on practices for reviewing facility design over the entire facility acquisition process .
in view of the lack of commonly accepted definitions of the elements , duration , and substance of the design review process , ffc decided to focus on practices for reviewing facility design over the entire facility [acquiring] process .

The study viewed design review as a multiphased process not limited to the reviewing of designs during the design phase of the acquisition .
the study viewed design review as a multiphased process not limited to the reviewing of designs during the design phase of the [acquiring] .

The objective of the study was to identify a range of best practices and technologies that could be used by federal agencies and other owners to provide adequate management and oversight of design reviews throughout the facility acquisition process .
the objective of the study was to identify a range of best practices and technologies that could be used by federal agencies and other owners to provide adequate management and oversight of design reviews throughout the facility [acquiring] process .

The team should participate in and contribute to designrelated activities associated with each phase of the facility acquisition process , from conceptual planning through startup .
the team should participate in and contribute to designrelated activities associated with each phase of the facility [acquiring] process , from conceptual planning through startup .

Although research has been done by the Construction Industry Institute and other organizations to identify metrics that may be used to measure both the efficiency and the effectiveness of each phase of the facility acquisition process , the extent to which individual federal agencies measure design review processes and analyze results is highly variable .
although research has been done by the construction industry institute and other organizations to identify metrics that may be used to measure both the efficiency and the effectiveness of each phase of the facility [acquiring] process , the extent to which individual federal agencies measure design review processes and analyze results is highly variable .

A smart buyer also retains the requisite capabilities and technical knowledge to lead and conduct teaming activities , accurately define the technical services needed , recognize value during the acquisition of such technical services , and evaluate the quality of services ultimately provided .
a smart buyer also retains the requisite capabilities and technical knowledge to lead and conduct teaming activities , accurately define the technical services needed , recognize value during the [acquiring] of such technical services , and evaluate the quality of services ultimately provided .

These initiatives are included in the enclosure to this letter , which provides a more detailed presentation of pertinent information extracted from the FFC study relating to the changing facilities acquisition environment confronting federal agencies today , facility acquisition practices and trends , and best practices .
these initiatives are included in the enclosure to this letter , which provides a more detailed presentation of pertinent information extracted from the ffc study relating to the changing facilities [acquiring] environment confronting federal agencies today , facility [acquiring] practices and trends , and best practices .

B285663 acquisition process .
b285663 [acquiring] process .

Until the 1990s , federal agencies often maintained an inhouse facilities engineering organization , comprised in part of architects and engineers , responsible for both the technical aspects and the oversight of the planning and design phases of the acquisition process .
until the 1990s , federal agencies often maintained an inhouse facilities engineering organization , comprised in part of architects and engineers , responsible for both the technical aspects and the oversight of the planning and design phases of the [acquiring] process .

As recently as 5 years ago , the designbidbuild method of facility acquisition was used almost exclusively .
as recently as 5 years ago , the designbidbuild method of facility [acquiring] was used almost exclusively .

Nor was a common start or end point identified for design review as an element of the facility acquisition process .
nor was a common start or end point identified for design review as an element of the facility [acquiring] process .

FFC 's objective was to identify a range of best practices and technologies that can be used by federal agencies and other owners to provide adequate management and oversight of design reviews throughout the facility acquisition process .
ffc 's objective was to identify a range of best practices and technologies that can be used by federal agencies and other owners to provide adequate management and oversight of design reviews throughout the facility [acquiring] process .

A designbuild acquisition , in contrast , will use the same contractor for the design and construction phases , thus allowing some phases and activities to occur concurrently .
a designbuild [acquiring] , in contrast , will use the same contractor for the design and construction phases , thus allowing some phases and activities to occur concurrently .

Regardless of the contracting method used , the acquisition of a facility will necessarily involve activities and decisions related to all five phases .
regardless of the contracting method used , the [acquiring] of a facility will necessarily involve activities and decisions related to all five phases .

Downsizing of Facility regard to how corporate and government owners manage the acquisition Engineering Organizations of facilities and other projects .
downsizing of facility regard to how corporate and government owners manage the [acquiring] engineering organizations of facilities and other projects .

Although there are many variations , current practice recognizes four basic categories of contract types that apply to several facility acquisition systems :
although there are many variations , current practice recognizes four basic categories of contract types that apply to several facility [acquiring] systems :

These functions are intrinsic to the entire facility acquisition process and underscore the need for the owner 's inhouse staff to be intimately involved in these aspects of the process , particularly the leadership role .
these functions are intrinsic to the entire facility [acquiring] process and underscore the need for the owner 's inhouse staff to be intimately involved in these aspects of the process , particularly the leadership role .

Cost Implications of Facility Acquisition Practices increased TPC .
cost implications of facility [acquiring] practices increased tpc .

These studies concluded that quality design yields buildings that perform well throughout their service lives.11 Quality design resulted when all interested parties ( owner , user , A/E , construction contractor , and specialty consultants ) in the facility acquisition process worked together in an intense , collaborative , complex , and multiphased process beginning with conceptual planning and concluding after the startup phase .
these studies concluded that quality design yields buildings that perform well throughout their service lives.11 quality design resulted when all interested parties ( owner , user , a/e , construction contractor , and specialty consultants ) in the facility [acquiring] process worked together in an intense , collaborative , complex , and multiphased process beginning with conceptual planning and concluding after the startup phase .

Page 18 GAO/GGD00172R Study on Facility Design Reviews the five facility acquisition phases concerning design strengths and weaknesses should be recorded for use in improving future similar project activities .
page 18 gao/ggd00172r study on facility design reviews the five facility [acquiring] phases concerning design strengths and weaknesses should be recorded for use in improving future similar project activities .

Perhaps most important , the facility users ' subjective satisfaction with both the acquisition process as well as the completed facility should be noted .
perhaps most important , the facility users ' subjective satisfaction with both the [acquiring] process as well as the completed facility should be noted .

As missions , priorities , and situations change , agencies may experience wide fluctuations in the scope and budget for their facility acquisition programs .
as missions , priorities , and situations change , agencies may experience wide fluctuations in the scope and budget for their facility [acquiring] programs .

Nearly all facility acquisition functions except agency policy development and oversight have been considered for outsourcing by one agency or another .
nearly all facility [acquiring] functions except agency policy development and oversight have been considered for outsourcing by one agency or another .

Sufficient industry research has been conducted in recent years to identify metrics that can be used to measure both the efficiency and the effectiveness of each phase of the facility acquisition process and compare the results to established benchmarks .
sufficient industry research has been conducted in recent years to identify metrics that can be used to measure both the efficiency and the effectiveness of each phase of the facility [acquiring] process and compare the results to established benchmarks .

During the tactical facility acquisition phase , inhouse facility engineering staff should be capable of providing the overall process leadership , ensuring that all activities proceed in the best interest of the owner .
during the tactical facility [acquiring] phase , inhouse facility engineering staff should be capable of providing the overall process leadership , ensuring that all activities proceed in the best interest of the owner .

A smart buyer is one who retains the requisite technical knowledge to accurately define the technical services needed , recognizes value during the acquisition of such technical services , and can evaluate the quality of services ultimately provided .
a smart buyer is one who retains the requisite technical knowledge to accurately define the technical services needed , recognizes value during the [acquiring] of such technical services , and can evaluate the quality of services ultimately provided .

The owner 's standards , more than those of any other entity involved in the acquisition process , will set the tone for all aspects of design review activity .
the owner 's standards , more than those of any other entity involved in the [acquiring] process , will set the tone for all aspects of design review activity .

Use the same A/E throughout the facility acquisition process to maximize continuity and allow participants to build and apply their experience baseline .
use the same a/e throughout the facility [acquiring] process to maximize continuity and allow participants to build and apply their experience baseline .

Effective design review processes start out being very intensive and proactive , with an intensity that declines through the procurement , construction , and startup phases of the acquisition process .
effective design review processes start out being very intensive and proactive , with an intensity that declines through the procurement , construction , and startup phases of the [acquiring] process .

Keep up the pace to maintain momentum and keep the facility acquisition process on schedule .
keep up the pace to maintain momentum and keep the facility [acquiring] process on schedule .

A stopstart or prolonged process impacts the acquisition in many ways , perhaps the most critical being the increased potential that organizations will reassign participants .
a stopstart or prolonged process impacts the [acquiring] in many ways , perhaps the most critical being the increased potential that organizations will reassign participants .

The postoccupancy evaluation should also relate approaches taken during the various phases of the facility acquisition process with the final results .
the postoccupancy evaluation should also relate approaches taken during the various phases of the facility [acquiring] process with the final results .

It is based on a model of the acquisition process developed by GAO in cooperation with a wide range of federal and private sector officials .
it is based on a model of the [acquiring] process developed by gao in cooperation with a wide range of federal and private sector officials .

A risk assessment is the process of identifying potential risks in a system under development and then determining the significance of each risk in terms of its likelihood and impact on the acquisition 's cost , schedule , and ability 1Information Technology : A Model to Help Managers Decrease Acquisition Risks ( GAO/IMTEC-8.1.6 , August 1990 ) .
a risk assessment is the process of identifying potential risks in a system under development and then determining the significance of each risk in terms of its likelihood and impact on the [acquiring] 's cost , schedule , and ability 1information technology : a model to help managers decrease [acquiring] risks ( gao/imtec-8.1.6 , august 1990 ) .

Such assessments may have their greatest impact if carried out early , when an agency can more easily alter its acquisition plans and strategy to manage and control the identified risks .
such assessments may have their greatest impact if carried out early , when an agency can more easily alter its [acquiring] plans and strategy to manage and control the identified risks .

Chapters 2 through 10 address specific activities in the acquisition process .
chapters 2 through 10 address specific activities in the [acquiring] process .

The chapters are intended to assist in the identification of specific risk areas and to contribute to an overall assessment of how well an agency is meeting its acquisition objectives .
the chapters are intended to assist in the identification of specific risk areas and to contribute to an overall assessment of how well an agency is meeting its [acquiring] objectives .

This audit guide is also available in a software format , accompanied by reference materials such as the GAO model of the acquisition process , relevant federal acquisition regulations , General Services Administration ( GSA ) guidance , and Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) circulars .
this audit guide is also available in a software format , accompanied by reference materials such as the gao model of the [acquiring] process , relevant federal [acquiring] regulations , general services administration ( gsa ) guidance , and office of management and budget ( omb ) circulars .

The software version utilizes a hypertext software package to help auditors quickly and flexibly review Page 2 GAO/IMTEC-8.1.4 Assessing Acquisition Risks all the included documents .
the software version utilizes a hypertext software package to help auditors quickly and flexibly review page 2 gao/imtec-8.1.4 assessing [acquiring] risks all the included documents .

Introduction This audit guide is based on and incorporates GAO 's information technology acquisition model .
introduction this audit guide is based on and incorporates gao 's information technology [acquiring] model .

The model describes three phases in the acquisition process : presolicitation , solicitation and award , and postaward .
the model describes three phases in the [acquiring] process : presolicitation , solicitation and award , and postaward .

The model is intended to give managers an overview of the acquisition process and to help them decrease acquisition risks .
the model is intended to give managers an overview of the [acquiring] process and to help them decrease [acquiring] risks .

Compliance with these critical factors can increase the likelihood that an acquisition will meet an agency 's needs at a reasonable cost and in a timely manner .
compliance with these critical factors can increase the likelihood that an [acquiring] will meet an agency 's needs at a reasonable cost and in a timely manner .

Use of the guide should be selectively tailored to the requirements of particular reviews and adapted to the status of the acquisition .
use of the guide should be selectively tailored to the requirements of particular reviews and adapted to the status of the [acquiring] .

Page 8 GAO/IMTEC-8.1.4 Assessing Acquisition Risks Some areas of assessment will require the expertise of auditors with specific technical skills and experience .
page 8 gao/imtec-8.1.4 assessing [acquiring] risks some areas of assessment will require the expertise of auditors with specific technical skills and experience .

The audit approach described in this guide is intended to result in a risk assessment of an acquisition project at any point in its development .
the audit approach described in this guide is intended to result in a risk assessment of an [acquiring] project at any point in its development .

The audit steps and questions provided are directed toward assessing whether an agency has sufficiently addressed critical factors , including support from managers and users , adequate project staff , and controls over the acquisition 's scope before and after a contract is awarded .
the audit steps and questions provided are directed toward assessing whether an agency has sufficiently addressed critical factors , including support from managers and users , adequate project staff , and controls over the [acquiring] 's scope before and after a contract is awarded .

Approach Assignment Planning When planning a risk assessment , the auditor should first review the agency 's acquisition policies and directives to identify the organizations and individuals responsible for approving procurements .
approach assignment planning when planning a risk assessment , the auditor should first review the agency 's [acquiring] policies and directives to identify the organizations and individuals responsible for approving procurements .

The auditor should also review previous studies or audits of the acquisition project and of the agency 's information resources management functions .
the auditor should also review previous studies or audits of the [acquiring] project and of the agency 's information resources management functions .

The chapters of this audit guide focus on logically distinct steps of the acquisition process , as described on page 10 of GAO 's acquisition model .
the chapters of this audit guide focus on logically distinct steps of the [acquiring] process , as described on page 10 of gao 's [acquiring] model .

The following table identifies the appropriate chapters for reviewing the various steps of an acquisition .
the following table identifies the appropriate chapters for reviewing the various steps of an [acquiring] .

In general , the auditor will want to concentrate on the steps that are relevant to the phase of the acquisition being reviewed .
in general , the auditor will want to concentrate on the steps that are relevant to the phase of the [acquiring] being reviewed .

However , regardless of how far the acquisition has advanced , at a minimum the auditor should always ascertain whether senior managers and users were involved in the project 's initiation .
however , regardless of how far the [acquiring] has advanced , at a minimum the auditor should always ascertain whether senior managers and users were involved in the project 's initiation .

The auditor should also verify that the agency has defined its needs and requirements to support its mission , and that those requirements continue to be valid as the acquisition progresses through contract award and contract management .
the auditor should also verify that the agency has defined its needs and requirements to support its mission , and that those requirements continue to be valid as the [acquiring] progresses through contract award and contract management .

In addition , each chapter identifies specific audit objectives and documentation expected for the major activities at that point in the acquisition process .
in addition , each chapter identifies specific audit objectives and documentation expected for the major activities at that point in the [acquiring] process .

Finally , each chapter sets out audit steps to help plan and conduct the assessment of an acquisition .
finally , each chapter sets out audit steps to help plan and conduct the assessment of an [acquiring] .

The questions may need to be tailored to Page 11 GAO/IMTEC-8.1.4 Assessing Acquisition Risks the particular circumstances of an audit , using the subject agency 's requirements .
the questions may need to be tailored to page 11 gao/imtec-8.1.4 assessing [acquiring] risks the particular circumstances of an audit , using the subject agency 's requirements .

The appendixes provide further information for use in planning and conducting an acquisition audit .
the appendixes provide further information for use in planning and conducting an [acquiring] audit .

Appendix I contains a worksheet , called an acquisition profile , to summarize essential information about the acquisition project .
appendix i contains a worksheet , called an [acquiring] profile , to summarize essential information about the [acquiring] project .

The worksheet should contain such information as the names and locations of units responsible for the acquisition , the project purpose , and the expected cost and time frames .
the worksheet should contain such information as the names and locations of units responsible for the [acquiring] , the project purpose , and the expected cost and time frames .

An auditor using this guide to review an acquisition that includes significant software development and has a contract in place should review appendix II for techniques to help identify variances from the agency 's cost and schedule estimates .
an auditor using this guide to review an [acquiring] that includes significant software development and has a contract in place should review appendix ii for techniques to help identify variances from the agency 's cost and schedule estimates .

This acquisition guide is intended for use in reviewing any information technology acquisition , regardless of the system development methodology being used .
this [acquiring] guide is intended for use in reviewing any information technology [acquiring] , regardless of the system development methodology being used .

The guide is structured around the federal acquisition process , and is independent of development methods for information systems .
the guide is structured around the federal [acquiring] process , and is independent of development methods for information systems .

In order to review an acquisition that is using prototypes , the auditor should determine what regulations or guidance the agency has to define a prototyping methodology .
in order to review an [acquiring] that is using prototypes , the auditor should determine what regulations or guidance the agency has to define a prototyping methodology .

Note should be made of how well the agency has addressed the critical factors in GAO 's 1990 model of information technology acquisitions as well as agency compliance with acquisition regulations , standards , and other federal guidance .
note should be made of how well the agency has addressed the critical factors in gao 's 1990 model of information technology acquisitions as well as agency compliance with [acquiring] regulations , standards , and other federal guidance .

Management and User Support This chapter focuses on levels of commitment and support for a planned acquisition by senior managers and users , two key stakeholders in an acquisition .
management and user support this chapter focuses on levels of commitment and support for a planned [acquiring] by senior managers and users , two key stakeholders in an [acquiring] .

Users are those who operate or rely on agency information resources and include the managers and staff responsible for agency policies and programs supported by the acquisition .
users are those who operate or rely on agency information resources and include the managers and staff responsible for agency policies and programs supported by the [acquiring] .

The involvement and support of senior management throughout an acquisition is essential for success .
the involvement and support of senior management throughout an [acquiring] is essential for success .

Senior management should envision the agency 's acquisition goals , define strategic objectives , and oversee the projects that implement the overall vision .
senior management should envision the agency 's [acquiring] goals , define strategic objectives , and oversee the projects that implement the overall vision .

Users should also be involved and provide support throughout the acquisition to ensure that their requirements are understood and that the resulting system is both accepted and used .
users should also be involved and provide support throughout the [acquiring] to ensure that their requirements are understood and that the resulting system is both accepted and used .

User involvement in the acquisition process will help avoid the development of products that ultimately do not meet agency requirements .
user involvement in the [acquiring] process will help avoid the development of products that ultimately do not meet agency requirements .

An acquisition that lacks either or both of these elements is at risk of incurring unnecessary cost overruns , not meeting its planned delivery schedule , and not satisfying agency needs .
an [acquiring] that lacks either or both of these elements is at risk of incurring unnecessary cost overruns , not meeting its planned delivery schedule , and not satisfying agency needs .

To ensure that senior managers support and areactively involved throughout the development and implementation of an acquisition .
to ensure that senior managers support and areactively involved throughout the development and implementation of an [acquiring] .

To ensure that users support the acquisition byactively participating in defining procurement requirements , developing the solicitation document , and verifying that the equipment and/or services contracted for meet the agency 's needs .
to ensure that users support the [acquiring] byactively participating in defining procurement requirements , developing the solicitation document , and verifying that the equipment and/or services contracted for meet the agency 's needs .

Any documentation of the users ' role in validating acquisition requirements , alternatives , and the solicitation document .
any documentation of the users ' role in validating [acquiring] requirements , alternatives , and the solicitation document .

Identify senior management officials responsiblefor the acquisition .
identify senior management officials responsiblefor the [acquiring] .

Determine the roles Page 17 GAO/IMTEC-8.1.4 Assessing Acquisition Risks and responsibilities of any groups or committees of senior managers , and the relationships between them .
determine the roles page 17 gao/imtec-8.1.4 assessing [acquiring] risks and responsibilities of any groups or committees of senior managers , and the relationships between them .

Audit Steps : User Involvement whether senior managers fostered good working relations among the sponsor , acquisition manager ( program manager ) , other top managers , the technical offices , and the contracting community .
audit steps : user involvement whether senior managers fostered good working relations among the sponsor , [acquiring] manager ( program manager ) , other top managers , the technical offices , and the contracting community .

Determine from the program manager and selected users which user organizations are actively involved in the acquisition .
determine from the program manager and selected users which user organizations are actively involved in the [acquiring] .

Identify significant user groups who are not involved in the acquisition .
identify significant user groups who are not involved in the [acquiring] .

Page 20 GAO/IMTEC-8.1.4 Assessing Acquisition Risks k. Participate in the postaward audit for assessing thedegree of success of the acquisition .
page 20 gao/imtec-8.1.4 assessing [acquiring] risks k. participate in the postaward audit for assessing thedegree of success of the [acquiring] .

Project Staffing Project management for an acquisition is accomplished primarily by a program manager and staff responsible for carrying out project activities .
project staffing project management for an [acquiring] is accomplished primarily by a program manager and staff responsible for carrying out project activities .

The acquisition project staff should be assigned clear roles and responsibilities .
the [acquiring] project staff should be assigned clear roles and responsibilities .

The team should also have members knowledgeable about the programs that the acquisition is to support .
the team should also have members knowledgeable about the programs that the [acquiring] is to support .

To determine if the acquisition team has theAudit Objective necessary skills and authority to effectively plan and execute the acquisition .
to determine if the [acquiring] team has theaudit objective necessary skills and authority to effectively plan and execute the [acquiring] .

The acquisition should be clearly linked to program needs , to the agency 's overall strategies , and to governmentwide policies and standards .
the [acquiring] should be clearly linked to program needs , to the agency 's overall strategies , and to governmentwide policies and standards .

To ensure that the acquisition is based on clearlyunderstood needs or opportunities and that it is consistent with the overall strategy and architectures used by the agency .
to ensure that the [acquiring] is based on clearlyunderstood needs or opportunities and that it is consistent with the overall strategy and architectures used by the agency .

To ensure that the agency defines its requirements , based on the needs identified earlier and validated by functional users , well enough to support the acquisition of hardware , software , telecommunications , and system development services .
to ensure that the agency defines its requirements , based on the needs identified earlier and validated by functional users , well enough to support the [acquiring] of hardware , software , telecommunications , and system development services .

With regard to the process of revising requirementsduring the acquisition , determine :
with regard to the process of revising requirementsduring the [acquiring] , determine :

Determine whether functional users and/or theprogram manager confirmed that the specifications accurately reflect the requirements and conform to the approved acquisition strategy discussed in the acquisition strategy module .
determine whether functional users and/or theprogram manager confirmed that the specifications accurately reflect the requirements and conform to the approved [acquiring] strategy discussed in the [acquiring] strategy module .

Page 30 GAO/IMTEC-8.1.4 Assessing Acquisition Risks Chapter 4 Needs / Requirements / Specifications timing for response , update processing , information transfer , transmission , and throughput ; and flexibility to changes in the requirements .
page 30 gao/imtec-8.1.4 assessing [acquiring] risks chapter 4 needs / requirements / specifications timing for response , update processing , information transfer , transmission , and throughput ; and flexibility to changes in the requirements .

Managers Decrease Acquisition Risks ( GAO/IMTEC-8.1.6 , August 1990 ) , Phase I , steps 1 , 6 , 11 , 12 , 13 , 14 .
managers decrease [acquiring] risks ( gao/imtec-8.1.6 , august 1990 ) , phase i , steps 1 , 6 , 11 , 12 , 13 , 14 .

Approaching the acquisition this way will lessen , but not eliminate , the risk that an agency may select an alternative that does not fully meet user requirements or that is unnecessarily complex and expensive .
approaching the [acquiring] this way will lessen , but not eliminate , the risk that an agency may select an alternative that does not fully meet user requirements or that is unnecessarily complex and expensive .

Ensure that the agency considered , as appropriate , the alternatives included in GAO 's acquisition model and FIRMR 201-20.203-1 .
ensure that the agency considered , as appropriate , the alternatives included in gao 's [acquiring] model and firmr 201-20.203-1 .

Page 36 GAO/IMTEC-8.1.4 Assessing Acquisition Risks f. Any nonquantifiable benefits , such as improved service and enhanced organizational image .
page 36 gao/imtec-8.1.4 assessing [acquiring] risks f. any nonquantifiable benefits , such as improved service and enhanced organizational image .

References • GAO , Information Technology : A Model to Help Managers Decrease Acquisition Risks ( GAO/IMTEC-8.1.6 , August 1990 ) , Phase I , steps 7 , 8 , 9 .
references • gao , information technology : a model to help managers decrease [acquiring] risks ( gao/imtec-8.1.6 , august 1990 ) , phase i , steps 7 , 8 , 9 .

Acquisition Planning Acquisition planning is the process of coordinating and integrating the efforts of personnel responsible for acquisitions .
[acquiring] planning [acquiring] planning is the process of coordinating and integrating the efforts of personnel responsible for acquisitions .

A major objective of acquisition planning is to promote and provide for full and open competition .
a major objective of [acquiring] planning is to promote and provide for full and open competition .

To ensure that the planning is accomplished in an effective , economical , and timely manner , the agency should prepare an acquisition plan containing an overall strategy for managing the preaward , acquisition , and postaward phases .
to ensure that the planning is accomplished in an effective , economical , and timely manner , the agency should prepare an [acquiring] plan containing an overall strategy for managing the preaward , [acquiring] , and postaward phases .

An effective acquisition plan is critical to project success .
an effective [acquiring] plan is critical to project success .

Auditors should assess the extent to which the agency 's acquisition planning is realistic and comprehensive .
auditors should assess the extent to which the agency 's [acquiring] planning is realistic and comprehensive .

Determine whether the acquisition plan was Audit Steps reviewed and approved in a timely manner by the officials designated in the agency 's acquisition regulations .
determine whether the [acquiring] plan was audit steps reviewed and approved in a timely manner by the officials designated in the agency 's [acquiring] regulations .

Ensure that the program manager periodically reviews the acquisition plan and updates it when necessary .
ensure that the program manager periodically reviews the [acquiring] plan and updates it when necessary .

These elements include acquisition objectives ; cost goals ; responsible decision-makers ; capability or performance characteristics ; risks associated with technical matters , scheduling , and costs ; plan of action ; competition ; source selection procedures ; contract type and special contract provisions ; contract management procedures or organization ; budget and funding ; information needed to monitor contractor performance ; test and evaluation ; security and privacy ; and acquisition milestones .
these elements include [acquiring] objectives ; cost goals ; responsible decision-makers ; capability or performance characteristics ; risks associated with technical matters , scheduling , and costs ; plan of action ; competition ; source selection procedures ; contract type and special contract provisions ; contract management procedures or organization ; budget and funding ; information needed to monitor contractor performance ; test and evaluation ; security and privacy ; and [acquiring] milestones .

The plan should also identify the acquisition method , key `` go/no-go '' points , a formal training plan , and a contingency plan to minimize losses .
the plan should also identify the [acquiring] method , key `` go/no-go '' points , a formal training plan , and a contingency plan to minimize losses .

Determine if the acquisition plan calls for full andopen competition .
determine if the [acquiring] plan calls for full andopen competition .

If the plan calls for limiting the acquisition to resources compatible with existing equipment , verify that conversion cost studies have been completed to justify compatibility restrictions .
if the plan calls for limiting the [acquiring] to resources compatible with existing equipment , verify that conversion cost studies have been completed to justify compatibility restrictions .

Page 41 GAO/IMTEC-8.1.4 Assessing Acquisition Risks into modules .
page 41 gao/imtec-8.1.4 assessing [acquiring] risks into modules .

Evaluate the project management tools andtechniques to satisfy management information requirements for monitoring contractor performance , tracking progress against the acquisition plan , and taking action on cost or schedule slippage .
evaluate the project management tools andtechniques to satisfy management information requirements for monitoring contractor performance , tracking progress against the [acquiring] plan , and taking action on cost or schedule slippage .

Confirm that the agency receives a specific delegation of authority from GSA if the value of the acquisition exceeds the agency 's authority level .
confirm that the agency receives a specific delegation of authority from gsa if the value of the [acquiring] exceeds the agency 's authority level .

If the acquisition exceeds $ 25 million , the APR should also describe the project manager 's experience in previous acquisitions , responsibilities , and scope of authority , and the reporting structure for each official as well as whether each official is assigned full- or part-time to the acquisition .
if the [acquiring] exceeds $ 25 million , the apr should also describe the project manager 's experience in previous acquisitions , responsibilities , and scope of authority , and the reporting structure for each official as well as whether each official is assigned full- or part-time to the [acquiring] .

Managers Decrease Acquisition Risks ( GAO/IMTEC-8.1.6 , August 1990 ) , Phase I , step 10 .
managers decrease [acquiring] risks ( gao/imtec-8.1.6 , august 1990 ) , phase i , step 10 .

In developing the RFP an agency may hold presolicitation or preproposal conferences in order to seek industry views on the planned acquisition and to encourage companies to offer proposals .
in developing the rfp an agency may hold presolicitation or preproposal conferences in order to seek industry views on the planned [acquiring] and to encourage companies to offer proposals .

See , for example , U.S. General Services Administration , Information Resources Management Service , Overview Guide : Acquisition of Information Resources , ( Jan. 1990 ) .
see , for example , u.s. general services administration , information resources management service , overview guide : [acquiring] of information resources , ( jan. 1990 ) .

A proper RFP is a critical element of a successful acquisition because it becomes part of the binding contract once a proposal is made and accepted .
a proper rfp is a critical element of a successful [acquiring] because it becomes part of the binding contract once a proposal is made and accepted .

If the RFP does not accurately and clearly describe the agency 's requirements , or if the evaluation factors do not accurately reflect the agency 's priorities , then the resulting acquisition may not meet user needs .
if the rfp does not accurately and clearly describe the agency 's requirements , or if the evaluation factors do not accurately reflect the agency 's priorities , then the resulting [acquiring] may not meet user needs .

Audit Objectives To determine whether or not the solicitation document is complete , clear , and consistent , verify that requirements continue to reflect user needs , and determine if the proposed evaluation process will result in an effective and economical acquisition .
audit objectives to determine whether or not the solicitation document is complete , clear , and consistent , verify that requirements continue to reflect user needs , and determine if the proposed evaluation process will result in an effective and economical [acquiring] .

Find out if there are any factors considered important for selecting an offer that are not included in the Page 47 GAO/IMTEC-8.1.4 Assessing Acquisition Risks evaluation criteria or if other included factors unfairly restrict the competition .
find out if there are any factors considered important for selecting an offer that are not included in the page 47 gao/imtec-8.1.4 assessing [acquiring] risks evaluation criteria or if other included factors unfairly restrict the competition .

Page 48 GAO/IMTEC-8.1.4 Assessing Acquisition Risks Appeals ) , and how it was resolved .
page 48 gao/imtec-8.1.4 assessing [acquiring] risks appeals ) , and how it was resolved .

Managers Decrease Acquisition Risks ( GAO/IMTEC-8.1.6 , August 1990 ) , Phase II , steps 2 through 7 .
managers decrease [acquiring] risks ( gao/imtec-8.1.6 , august 1990 ) , phase ii , steps 2 through 7 .

Determine what policies or procedures the agencyusers have to evaluate acquisition results and communicate `` lessons learned '' to staff conducting future assignments and to other agencies .
determine what policies or procedures the agencyusers have to evaluate [acquiring] results and communicate `` lessons learned '' to staff conducting future assignments and to other agencies .

Do these include a comparison of the preaward activities to the acquisition plan ?
do these include a comparison of the preaward activities to the [acquiring] plan ?

Managers Decrease Acquisition Risks ( GAO/IMTEC-8.1.6 , August 1990 ) , Phase II , steps 8 through 13 .
managers decrease [acquiring] risks ( gao/imtec-8.1.6 , august 1990 ) , phase ii , steps 8 through 13 .

Finally , an agency should conduct postimplementation reviews to determine how well acquisition goals were met and whether the information resources acquired should be added to or replaced .
finally , an agency should conduct postimplementation reviews to determine how well [acquiring] goals were met and whether the information resources acquired should be added to or replaced .

Page 57 GAO/IMTEC-8.1.4 Assessing Acquisition Risks 7 .
page 57 gao/imtec-8.1.4 assessing [acquiring] risks 7 .

Page 58 GAO/IMTEC-8.1.4 Assessing Acquisition Risks c. Regularly comparing contract expenditures withthe delegation of procurement authority to ensure that the agency does not exceed its authorized level of total expenditures .
page 58 gao/imtec-8.1.4 assessing [acquiring] risks c. regularly comparing contract expenditures withthe delegation of procurement authority to ensure that the agency does not exceed its authorized level of total expenditures .

For testing to be effective , it must be addressed relatively early in the acquisition so it can be properly included in planning .
for testing to be effective , it must be addressed relatively early in the [acquiring] so it can be properly included in planning .

Page 60 GAO/IMTEC-8.1.4 Assessing Acquisition Risks To confirm that the agency has :
page 60 gao/imtec-8.1.4 assessing [acquiring] risks to confirm that the agency has :

Acquisition Profile The acquisition profile , which is a mechanism for documenting key information about an acquisition under review , is used to help auditors plan and conduct assessments of an acquisition .
[acquiring] profile the [acquiring] profile , which is a mechanism for documenting key information about an [acquiring] under review , is used to help auditors plan and conduct assessments of an [acquiring] .

What is the purpose of the information technology acquisition ?
what is the purpose of the information technology [acquiring] ?

What missions or functions is the acquisition to support ?
what missions or functions is the [acquiring] to support ?

What type of acquisition is it ?
what type of [acquiring] is it ?

Has an acquisition steering committee beenestablished ?
has an [acquiring] steering committee beenestablished ?

Acquisition Schedule and decision point approved ?
[acquiring] schedule and decision point approved ?

Identify the net benefits or cost savings projectedby the cost/benefit analysis used to justify a chosen alternative , if the acquisition has progressed to this point .
identify the net benefits or cost savings projectedby the cost/benefit analysis used to justify a chosen alternative , if the [acquiring] has progressed to this point .

It describes techniques , known as software metrics , for quantitatively measuring how closely a project conforms to development plans and assessing whether an acquisition is at risk of delay or cost increases .
it describes techniques , known as software metrics , for quantitatively measuring how closely a project conforms to development plans and assessing whether an [acquiring] is at risk of delay or cost increases .

Different metrics may be useful for an audit , depending on the objectives and status of an acquisition .
different metrics may be useful for an audit , depending on the objectives and status of an [acquiring] .

They may be used before a solicitation for software development is Page 68 GAO/IMTEC-8.1.4 Assessing Acquisition Risks issued in order to assess the reasonableness of the agency 's schedule ( if a system design has been prepared ) , or after a contract has been awarded and software development has begun .
they may be used before a solicitation for software development is page 68 gao/imtec-8.1.4 assessing [acquiring] risks issued in order to assess the reasonableness of the agency 's schedule ( if a system design has been prepared ) , or after a contract has been awarded and software development has begun .

A comparison of the actual number of functions successfully tested to the number planned in the acquisition schedule , for example , requires that system testing be underway .
a comparison of the actual number of functions successfully tested to the number planned in the [acquiring] schedule , for example , requires that system testing be underway .

These models can help the auditor assess whether the acquisition 's estimated cost and schedule are reasonable .
these models can help the auditor assess whether the [acquiring] 's estimated cost and schedule are reasonable .

Each model uses cost drivers , which are parameters such as the level of experience of the programmers , the reliability requirements of the programs , and the complexity of the project , along with the estimated project size , to derive overall cost and schedule estimates for the acquisition .
each model uses cost drivers , which are parameters such as the level of experience of the programmers , the reliability requirements of the programs , and the complexity of the project , along with the estimated project size , to derive overall cost and schedule estimates for the [acquiring] .

Government-developed or government-modified tools are available free of Page 69 GAO/IMTEC-8.1.4 Assessing Acquisition Risks charge with a nominal charge for upgraded copies of the software .
government-developed or government-modified tools are available free of page 69 gao/imtec-8.1.4 assessing [acquiring] risks charge with a nominal charge for upgraded copies of the software .

Auditors should use cost models to look for discrepancies with the cost and schedule estimates established for an acquisition .
auditors should use cost models to look for discrepancies with the cost and schedule estimates established for an [acquiring] .

Specifically , all findings should be qualified by the recognition that these tools are limited by the accuracy of the Page 70 GAO/IMTEC-8.1.4 Assessing Acquisition Risks estimated system size and other project data provided for the model , the historical data from which the model was developed , and the fact that all estimates are projections of an inherently uncertain future .
specifically , all findings should be qualified by the recognition that these tools are limited by the accuracy of the page 70 gao/imtec-8.1.4 assessing [acquiring] risks estimated system size and other project data provided for the model , the historical data from which the model was developed , and the fact that all estimates are projections of an inherently uncertain future .

By reviewing these reports and noting how quickly Page 71 GAO/IMTEC-8.1.4 Assessing Acquisition Risks problems are resolved , auditors can obtain an understanding of how well the contractor is performing .
by reviewing these reports and noting how quickly page 71 gao/imtec-8.1.4 assessing [acquiring] risks problems are resolved , auditors can obtain an understanding of how well the contractor is performing .

Figure II.4 shows how Page 75 GAO/IMTEC-8.1.4 Assessing Acquisition Risks planned and actual progress in the design and coding of software units can be displayed .
figure ii.4 shows how page 75 gao/imtec-8.1.4 assessing [acquiring] risks planned and actual progress in the design and coding of software units can be displayed .

Changes in size can be expressed Page 76 GAO/IMTEC-8.1.4 Assessing Acquisition Risks as total lines of code or can be broken out into new , modified , and reused lines of code .
changes in size can be expressed page 76 gao/imtec-8.1.4 assessing [acquiring] risks as total lines of code or can be broken out into new , modified , and reused lines of code .

FIPS ( NIST ) -formerly Publications relevant to the acquisition of informationthe National Bureau technology include the following : of Standards FIPS PUB 11-3-Guideline : American National Dictionary for Information Processing Systems , Feb. 1 , 1991 .
fips ( nist ) -formerly publications relevant to the [acquiring] of informationthe national bureau technology include the following : of standards fips pub 11-3-guideline : american national dictionary for information processing systems , feb. 1 , 1991 .

Publications relevant to information technology acquisition include the following : 500-087-Management Guide for Software Documentation , January 1982 .
publications relevant to information technology [acquiring] include the following : 500-087-management guide for software documentation , january 1982 .

GAO Audit Guidance • Information Technology : A Model to Help Managers Decrease Acquisition Risks ( GAO/IMTEC-8.1.6 , August 1990 ) .
gao audit guidance • information technology : a model to help managers decrease [acquiring] risks ( gao/imtec-8.1.6 , august 1990 ) .

Acquisition The obtaining , by contract with appropriated funds , of supplies or services ( including construction ) by and for the use of the federal government through purchase or lease , whether the supplies or services are already in existence or must be created , developed , demonstrated , and evaluated .
[acquiring] the obtaining , by contract with appropriated funds , of supplies or services ( including construction ) by and for the use of the federal government through purchase or lease , whether the supplies or services are already in existence or must be created , developed , demonstrated , and evaluated .

Acquisition begins at the point when agency needs are established and includes the description of requirements to satisfy agency needs , solicitation and selection of sources , award of contracts , contract financing , contract performance , contract administration , and those technical and management functions directly related to the process of fulfilling agency needs by contract .
[acquiring] begins at the point when agency needs are established and includes the description of requirements to satisfy agency needs , solicitation and selection of sources , award of contracts , contract financing , contract performance , contract administration , and those technical and management functions directly related to the process of fulfilling agency needs by contract .

Acquisition Planning The process by which the efforts of all personnel responsible for an acquisition are coordinated and integrated through a comprehensive plan for fulfilling the agency need in a timely manner and at a reasonable cost .
[acquiring] planning the process by which the efforts of all personnel responsible for an [acquiring] are coordinated and integrated through a comprehensive plan for fulfilling the agency need in a timely manner and at a reasonable cost .

It includes developing the overall strategy for managing the acquisition .
it includes developing the overall strategy for managing the [acquiring] .

Page 90 GAO/IMTEC-8.1.4 Assessing Acquisition Risks A person with the authority to enter into , administer , Contracting and/or terminate contracts and make relatedOfficer ( CO ) determinations and findings .
page 90 gao/imtec-8.1.4 assessing [acquiring] risks a person with the authority to enter into , administer , contracting and/or terminate contracts and make relatedofficer ( co ) determinations and findings .

Damages Page 92 GAO/IMTEC-8.1.4 Assessing Acquisition Risks Maintainability The ease with which maintenance of a functional unit can be performed in accordance with prescribed requirements .
damages page 92 gao/imtec-8.1.4 assessing [acquiring] risks maintainability the ease with which maintenance of a functional unit can be performed in accordance with prescribed requirements .

In some organizations the program manager or another management official is designated as the acquisition manager for a specific acquisition .
in some organizations the program manager or another management official is designated as the [acquiring] manager for a specific [acquiring] .

Page 93 GAO/IMTEC-8.1.4 Assessing Acquisition Risks A preliminary type , form , or instance of a system thatPrototype serves as a model for later stages or for the final , complete version of the system .
page 93 gao/imtec-8.1.4 assessing [acquiring] risks a preliminary type , form , or instance of a system thatprototype serves as a model for later stages or for the final , complete version of the system .

An announcement in the Commerce Business Daily orRequest for other publication requesting information fromInformation industry about a planned acquisition , and , in some cases , corporate capability information .
an announcement in the commerce business daily orrequest for other publication requesting information frominformation industry about a planned [acquiring] , and , in some cases , corporate capability information .

Source Selection source for an acquisition .
source selection source for an [acquiring] .

Federal Acquisition Streamlining Act of 1994 , P.L .
federal [acquiring] streamlining act of 1994 , p.l .

Section 6008 of the Federal Acquisition Streamlining Act of 1994 , Public Law 103-355 ( 5 U.S.C .
section 6008 of the federal [acquiring] streamlining act of 1994 , public law 103-355 ( 5 u.s.c .

Section 3 of the legislation would repeal section 6008 of the Federal Acquisition Streamlining Act of 1994 , Pub .
section 3 of the legislation would repeal section 6008 of the federal [acquiring] streamlining act of 1994 , pub .

The Flow of Funds Accounts ( FFA ) measure the acquisition of physical and financial assets throughout the U.S. economy and the sources of funds used to acquire the assets .
the flow of funds accounts ( ffa ) measure the [acquiring] of physical and financial assets throughout the u.s. economy and the sources of funds used to acquire the assets .

Among other things , the Clinger-Cohen Act also ( 1 ) required senior executive involvement in IT decision-making , ( 2 ) imposed much-needed discipline in acquiring and managing technology resources , ( 3 ) called for the redesign of inefficient work processes before investing in technology , and ( 4 ) repealed the Brooks Act , eliminating GSA « s central acquisition authority .
among other things , the clinger-cohen act also ( 1 ) required senior executive involvement in it decision-making , ( 2 ) imposed much-needed discipline in acquiring and managing technology resources , ( 3 ) called for the redesign of inefficient work processes before investing in technology , and ( 4 ) repealed the brooks act , eliminating gsa « s central [acquiring] authority .

Together with a number of other laws enacted over the past several years to foster improvements in such areas as financial management , acquisition , and computer security , this legislation discussed above composes a statutory framework for achieving performance-based management and accountability in not just information management , but overall federal management.3 ( Appendix I provides a list of these key federal laws affecting information management . )
together with a number of other laws enacted over the past several years to foster improvements in such areas as financial management , [acquiring] , and computer security , this legislation discussed above composes a statutory framework for achieving performance-based management and accountability in not just information management , but overall federal management.3 ( appendix i provides a list of these key federal laws affecting information management . )

While not all CIOs necessarily have hands-on responsibility , their purview may also incorporate any or all of the operational elements of information and technology management , such as data processing , infrastructure management , and systems acquisition .
while not all cios necessarily have hands-on responsibility , their purview may also incorporate any or all of the operational elements of information and technology management , such as data processing , infrastructure management , and systems [acquiring] .

Clinger-Cohen Act of 1996 ( Public Law 104-106 ) ¬ This law is intended to improve the productivity , efficiency , and effectiveness of federal programs through the improved acquisition , use , and disposal of IT resources .
clinger-cohen act of 1996 ( public law 104-106 ) ¬ this law is intended to improve the productivity , efficiency , and effectiveness of federal programs through the improved [acquiring] , use , and disposal of it resources .

Among other provisions , it ( 1 ) encourages federal agencies to evaluate and adopt best management and acquisition practices used by both private and public sector organizations , ( 2 ) requires agencies to base decisions about IT investments on quantitative and qualitative factors associated with the costs , benefits , and risks of those investments and to use performance data to demonstrate how well the IT expenditures support improvements to agency programs , through measurements such as reduced costs , improved employee productivity , and higher customer satisfaction , and ( 3 ) requires executive agencies to appoint CIOs to carry out the IT management provisions of the act and the broader information resources management requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act .
among other provisions , it ( 1 ) encourages federal agencies to evaluate and adopt best management and [acquiring] practices used by both private and public sector organizations , ( 2 ) requires agencies to base decisions about it investments on quantitative and qualitative factors associated with the costs , benefits , and risks of those investments and to use performance data to demonstrate how well the it expenditures support improvements to agency programs , through measurements such as reduced costs , improved employee productivity , and higher customer satisfaction , and ( 3 ) requires executive agencies to appoint cios to carry out the it management provisions of the act and the broader information resources management requirements of the paperwork reduction act .

The Clinger-Cohen Act also streamlines the IT acquisition process by eliminating the General Services Administration « s central acquisition authority , placing procurement responsibility directly with federal agencies , and encouraging the adoption of smaller , modular IT acquisition projects .
the clinger-cohen act also streamlines the it [acquiring] process by eliminating the general services administration « s central [acquiring] authority , placing procurement responsibility directly with federal agencies , and encouraging the adoption of smaller , modular it [acquiring] projects .

Federal Acquisition Streamlining Act of 1994 ( FASA ) ( Public Law 103-355 ) ¬ This law requires agencies to define cost , schedule , and performance goals for federal acquisition programs ( to include IT projects ) and monitor these programs to ensure that they remain within prescribed tolerances .
federal [acquiring] streamlining act of 1994 ( fasa ) ( public law 103-355 ) ¬ this law requires agencies to define cost , schedule , and performance goals for federal [acquiring] programs ( to include it projects ) and monitor these programs to ensure that they remain within prescribed tolerances .

Capital Programming Guide , Version 1.0 , Supplement to Office of Management and Budget Circular A-11 , Part 3 : Planning , Budgeting , and Acquisition of Capital Assets , July 1997 .
capital programming guide , version 1.0 , supplement to office of management and budget circular a-11 , part 3 : planning , budgeting , and [acquiring] of capital assets , july 1997 .

In the public portion of his February 2004 worldwide threat assessment to Congress , DCITenet noted that Bin Ladin considered the acquisition of weapons of mass destruction to be a `` religious obligation . ''
in the public portion of his february 2004 worldwide threat assessment to congress , dcitenet noted that bin ladin considered the [acquiring] of weapons of mass destruction to be a `` religious obligation . ''

Acquisition of these forms of identification would have assisted them in boarding commercial flights , renting cars , and other necessary activities .
[acquiring] of these forms of identification would have assisted them in boarding commercial flights , renting cars , and other necessary activities .

The mechanism of resistance in three patients was acquisition of a T790M substitution in EGFR that was not present at time of diagnosis , but was detected with progression of disease after initial response to gefitinib or erlotinib .
the mechanism of resistance in three patients was [acquiring] of a t790m substitution in egfr that was not present at time of diagnosis , but was detected with progression of disease after initial response to gefitinib or erlotinib .

These observations provide convincing evidence that , at least in some patients with NSCLC , resistance to gefitinib or erlotinib can be attributed to acquisition of a T790M mutation in the context of EGFR .
these observations provide convincing evidence that , at least in some patients with nsclc , resistance to gefitinib or erlotinib can be attributed to [acquiring] of a t790m mutation in the context of egfr .

Tissue acquisition is more challenging in solid tumors than for hematopoietic malignancies , and may entail risk .
tissue [acquiring] is more challenging in solid tumors than for hematopoietic malignancies , and may entail risk .

Second , protection against invasive disease from a particular serotype should coincide with the acquisition of antibodies against that serotype , on both the individual and population level .
second , protection against invasive disease from a particular serotype should coincide with the [acquiring] of antibodies against that serotype , on both the individual and population level .

The authors admit that this observation could be due to any factor that affects malaria risk and varies with age but state that accelerated immune acquisition seems the most likely explanation .
the authors admit that this observation could be due to any factor that affects malaria risk and varies with age but state that accelerated immune [acquiring] seems the most likely explanation .

They suggest several mechanisms for how HbAS could accelerate immune acquisition ; for example , immunity could be mediated by accelerated acquisition of antibodies to altered host antigens expressed on the parasite-infected red cell surface .
they suggest several mechanisms for how hbas could accelerate immune [acquiring] ; for example , immunity could be mediated by accelerated [acquiring] of antibodies to altered host antigens expressed on the parasite-infected red cell surface .

The model includes underlying regional demography , acquisition of HIV and other sexually transmitted infections ( STIs ) , progression from HIV to AIDS , and progression from AIDS to death .
the model includes underlying regional demography , [acquiring] of hiv and other sexually transmitted infections ( stis ) , progression from hiv to aids , and progression from aids to death .

Traditional analysis has been based on a reader 's identification of certain structural abnormalities that can be variable , given differences in acquisition parameters and interpretation criteria [ 19,20,21 ] .
traditional analysis has been based on a reader 's identification of certain structural abnormalities that can be variable , given differences in [acquiring] parameters and interpretation criteria [ 19,20,21 ] .

The T2-weighted fast spin-echo sequence , in ( a ) above , was primarily used for qualitative nodal detection , and hence a square pixel with more than one acquisition was obtained .
the t2-weighted fast spin-echo sequence , in ( a ) above , was primarily used for qualitative nodal detection , and hence a square pixel with more than one [acquiring] was obtained .

In addition , the authors go on to show the acquisition of the differentiated cardiac phenotype in the in vivo state in the absence of fusion with neighboring cardiac muscle cells , which has been a confounding variable in most other studies of this type .
in addition , the authors go on to show the [acquiring] of the differentiated cardiac phenotype in the in vivo state in the absence of fusion with neighboring cardiac muscle cells , which has been a confounding variable in most other studies of this type .

The reason for the decline in incidence has not been conclusively determined , yet it is often suggested that the acquisition of anticapsular antibodies plays a critical role in this decline [ 6,7 ] .
the reason for the decline in incidence has not been conclusively determined , yet it is often suggested that the [acquiring] of anticapsular antibodies plays a critical role in this decline [ 6,7 ] .

The hypothesis that protection from invasive pneumococcal disease is caused by the acquisition of anticapsular antibodies directed against each of the pneumococcal serotypes yields two simple predictions about the age-specific epidemiology of pneumococcal disease .
the hypothesis that protection from invasive pneumococcal disease is caused by the [acquiring] of anticapsular antibodies directed against each of the pneumococcal serotypes yields two simple predictions about the age-specific epidemiology of pneumococcal disease .

Second , it predicts that protection against invasive disease from a given serotype should coincide temporally with the acquisition of anticapsular antibody to that serotype , both at an individual level and at a population level .
second , it predicts that protection against invasive disease from a given serotype should coincide temporally with the [acquiring] of anticapsular antibody to that serotype , both at an individual level and at a population level .

Data were not available on the timing of anticapsular antibody acquisition in these same populations , but we compared the timing of the decline in pneumococcal disease against previously published data on age-specific prevalence of anticapsular antibody levels greater than 0.2 mcg/ml [ 9 ] .
data were not available on the timing of anticapsular antibody [acquiring] in these same populations , but we compared the timing of the decline in pneumococcal disease against previously published data on age-specific prevalence of anticapsular antibody levels greater than 0.2 mcg/ml [ 9 ] .

The consistent timing of the pattern across multiple serogroups argues for a common mechanism , rather than for independent acquisition of immunity to each serogroup as a separate event .
the consistent timing of the pattern across multiple serogroups argues for a common mechanism , rather than for independent [acquiring] of immunity to each serogroup as a separate event .

As we discuss below , each of these lines of evidence is subject to caveats , but we believe that , taken together , these observations make a strong case for the importance of one or more factors other than acquisition of anticapsular antibodies in the development of protection against pneumococcal disease .
as we discuss below , each of these lines of evidence is subject to caveats , but we believe that , taken together , these observations make a strong case for the importance of one or more factors other than [acquiring] of anticapsular antibodies in the development of protection against pneumococcal disease .

These include the following : acquisition of antibodies or cellular immune responses to noncapsular pneumococcal “ species ” antigens ; age-related changes in host biology that are not related to acquired immunity , such as maturation of the innate immune system or changes in anatomy or receptors for pneumococcal attachment ; changes in other risk factors , such as exposure ; or changes related to other microorganisms , including changes in the resident flora or changes in the incidence of viral infections .
these include the following : [acquiring] of antibodies or cellular immune responses to noncapsular pneumococcal “ species ” antigens ; age-related changes in host biology that are not related to acquired immunity , such as maturation of the innate immune system or changes in anatomy or receptors for pneumococcal attachment ; changes in other risk factors , such as exposure ; or changes related to other microorganisms , including changes in the resident flora or changes in the incidence of viral infections .

We are unaware of studies on the timing of acquisition of anti-CWPS antibodies .
we are unaware of studies on the timing of [acquiring] of anti-cwps antibodies .

With respect to the relative timing of acquisition of protection against different serotypes , one could postulate that because some of the most common pneumococcal serotypes , such as 6B , 19F , and 23F , are also among the least immunogenic [ 12 ] , the effective exposure of the immune system is more consistent across serogroups than it appears from serogroup frequency alone .
with respect to the relative timing of [acquiring] of protection against different serotypes , one could postulate that because some of the most common pneumococcal serotypes , such as 6b , 19f , and 23f , are also among the least immunogenic [ 12 ] , the effective exposure of the immune system is more consistent across serogroups than it appears from serogroup frequency alone .

With respect to the absolute timing of protection relative to the acquisition of antibody , one could argue that low levels of anticapsular antibody , perhaps of low affinity , may be present and even active at levels below those that can be reliably detected by current assays , or that B cell memory may be present and protective at an earlier age than that at which high levels of antibody are measurable .
with respect to the absolute timing of protection relative to the [acquiring] of antibody , one could argue that low levels of anticapsular antibody , perhaps of low affinity , may be present and even active at levels below those that can be reliably detected by current assays , or that b cell memory may be present and protective at an earlier age than that at which high levels of antibody are measurable .

By allowing their hosts to exploit otherwise inadequate food sources and habitats , the acquisition of these mutualists can be viewed as a key innovation in the evolution of the host ( Moran and Telang 1998 ) .
by allowing their hosts to exploit otherwise inadequate food sources and habitats , the [acquiring] of these mutualists can be viewed as a key innovation in the evolution of the host ( moran and telang 1998 ) .

Such deletions are apparently irreversible in obligate mutualists , which lack recombination functions and genetic elements , such as prophages , transposons , and repetitive DNA that typically mediate gene acquisition .
such deletions are apparently irreversible in obligate mutualists , which lack recombination functions and genetic elements , such as prophages , transposons , and repetitive dna that typically mediate gene [acquiring] .

Instead of financial incentives , TDI would offer volunteers non-monetary rewards , such as ideological satisfaction , the acquisition of new skills , enhancement of professional reputation , and the ability to advertise one 's skills to potential employers .
instead of financial incentives , tdi would offer volunteers non-monetary rewards , such as ideological satisfaction , the [acquiring] of new skills , enhancement of professional reputation , and the ability to advertise one 's skills to potential employers .

Hence , primary exposure to contaminated dust is the sole risk factor for the acquisition of this disease .
hence , primary exposure to contaminated dust is the sole risk factor for the [acquiring] of this disease .

The landmark acquisition in December of 75 rare and important hanging scrolls and folding screens is evidence of the commitment to build the IMA 's permanent collection of world art .
the landmark [acquiring] in december of 75 rare and important hanging scrolls and folding screens is evidence of the commitment to build the ima 's permanent collection of world art .

It continues the momentum of the 1998 acquisition of 101 paintings and prints by Paul Gauguin and the School of Pont-Aven , and the 1999 announcements of the promised gifts of the Glick Collection of contemporary glass and the Clowes Collection of 100 works by European Old Masters .
it continues the momentum of the 1998 [acquiring] of 101 paintings and prints by paul gauguin and the school of pont-aven , and the 1999 announcements of the promised gifts of the glick collection of contemporary glass and the clowes collection of 100 works by european old masters .

Quite simply , very few organizations do more ( or more important ) work to save the balance and beauty of nature plus the acquisition and maintenance of wildlife sanctuaries all over America .
quite simply , very few organizations do more ( or more important ) work to save the balance and beauty of nature plus the [acquiring] and maintenance of wildlife sanctuaries all over america .

The landmark acquisition in December of 75 rare and important hanging scrolls and folding screens is evidence of the commitment to build the IMA 's permanent collection of world art .
the landmark [acquiring] in december of 75 rare and important hanging scrolls and folding screens is evidence of the commitment to build the ima 's permanent collection of world art .

It continues the momentum of the 1998 acquisition of 101 paintings and prints by Paul Gauguin and the School of Pont-Aven , and the 1999 announcements of the promised gifts of the Glick Collection of contemporary glass and the Clowes Collection of l00 works by European Old Masters .
it continues the momentum of the 1998 [acquiring] of 101 paintings and prints by paul gauguin and the school of pont-aven , and the 1999 announcements of the promised gifts of the glick collection of contemporary glass and the clowes collection of l00 works by european old masters .

The mast mounted sight contains a suite of sensors which includes : a high resolution television camera for long range target detection ; a thermal imaging sensor for navigation , target acquisition and designation ; a laser rangefinder/designator for target location and guidance of the Hellfire missiles and designation for Copperhead artillery rounds ; and a boresight assembly which provides in-flight sensor alignment .
the mast mounted sight contains a suite of sensors which includes : a high resolution television camera for long range target detection ; a thermal imaging sensor for navigation , target [acquiring] and designation ; a laser rangefinder/designator for target location and guidance of the hellfire missiles and designation for copperhead artillery rounds ; and a boresight assembly which provides in-flight sensor alignment .

The DJIA starts today at a record high and the papers ' consensus is that this is due to the three Federal Reserve interest rate cuts , increased merger and acquisition activities , and a general sense that the global economic crisis is on its way to being handled .
the djia starts today at a record high and the papers ' consensus is that this is due to the three federal reserve interest rate cuts , increased merger and [acquiring] activities , and a general sense that the global economic crisis is on its way to being handled .

It 's probably true that all the stock 's rise ca n't be attributed to the Fool 's influence , especially since Celera did announce an important acquisition on Dec. 23 .
it 's probably true that all the stock 's rise ca n't be attributed to the fool 's influence , especially since celera did announce an important [acquiring] on dec. 23 .

In an editorial , La Repubblica said Murdoch blamed Italian antitrust legislation for his departure , but in reality he was alarmed by Canal Plus ' acquisition of a 17 percent stake in his highly profitable British TV company , Sky .
in an editorial , la repubblica said murdoch blamed italian antitrust legislation for his departure , but in reality he was alarmed by canal plus ' [acquiring] of a 17 percent stake in his highly profitable british tv company , sky .

The merger of the nation 's second- and third-largest long-distance companies is the biggest corporate acquisition in history .
the merger of the nation 's second- and third-largest long-distance companies is the biggest corporate [acquiring] in history .

The Shopping Avenger does not make light of the Dalai Lama or of the notion that there is more to life than the impatient acquisition of material goods .
the shopping avenger does not make light of the dalai lama or of the notion that there is more to life than the impatient [acquiring] of material goods .

A company came into play when a buyout or acquisition offer made the possibility of an acquisition suddenly seem likely , bringing other potential suitors -- or sharks , depending on your metaphor -- into the fray .
a company came into play when a buyout or [acquiring] offer made the possibility of an [acquiring] suddenly seem likely , bringing other potential suitors -- or sharks , depending on your metaphor -- into the fray .

If we learned anything from the '80s , it 's that there 's always a horde of investment bankers ready to convince executives that they really ca n't afford to let this acquisition pass them by , and that there 's always a host of corporate executives eager to believe that bigger is necessarily better .
if we learned anything from the '80s , it 's that there 's always a horde of investment bankers ready to convince executives that they really ca n't afford to let this [acquiring] pass them by , and that there 's always a host of corporate executives eager to believe that bigger is necessarily better .

Intel reported its third-quarter results , which included a hefty write-off related to its acquisition of Level One Communications , upon which some commentators cast a jaundiced eye .
intel reported its third-quarter results , which included a hefty write-off related to its [acquiring] of level one communications , upon which some commentators cast a jaundiced eye .

In particular , Tice pointed to Tyco 's hefty write-offs of its acquisition costs , write-offs that have totaled something like $ 3.9 billion in the last four years .
in particular , tice pointed to tyco 's hefty write-offs of its [acquiring] costs , write-offs that have totaled something like $ 3.9 billion in the last four years .

If the cost of acquisition is hidden by a write-off , it 's hidden in plain sight , since the company announces it quite publicly .
if the cost of [acquiring] is hidden by a write-off , it 's hidden in plain sight , since the company announces it quite publicly .

While it 's possible that there are investors who get tricked by write-offs into believing that an acquisition was free , it 's also true that there are people who still believe their fates are governed by the stars .
while it 's possible that there are investors who get tricked by write-offs into believing that an [acquiring] was free , it 's also true that there are people who still believe their fates are governed by the stars .

Essentially , when a company takes a write-off with regard to an acquisition , it 's setting aside a reserve of money that it says it believes it will need to complete the acquisition .
essentially , when a company takes a write-off with regard to an [acquiring] , it 's setting aside a reserve of money that it says it believes it will need to complete the [acquiring] .

In other words , I set aside $ 3 billion to pay for the acquisition of Company X , but in reality it only costs me $ 2.8 billion , giving me $ 200 million that I can feed back into my income statement in upcoming years .
in other words , i set aside $ 3 billion to pay for the [acquiring] of company x , but in reality it only costs me $ 2.8 billion , giving me $ 200 million that i can feed back into my income statement in upcoming years .

Bonus Automotive Item : The complaints by British car enthusiasts about the purchase of Rolls-Royce by BMW remind Chatterbox of the previous acquisition by BMW of Rover , another prestigious British marque whose cars had achieved an unfortunate reputation for less-than-bulletproof reliability .
bonus automotive item : the complaints by british car enthusiasts about the purchase of rolls-royce by bmw remind chatterbox of the previous [acquiring] by bmw of rover , another prestigious british marque whose cars had achieved an unfortunate reputation for less-than-bulletproof reliability .

The Los Angeles Times , New York Times , and USA Today each lead with Viacom 's acquisition of CBS , a $ 36 billion transaction , resulting , if approved by shareholders and the federal government , in a huge new multimedia entity .
the los angeles times , new york times , and usa today each lead with viacom 's [acquiring] of cbs , a $ 36 billion transaction , resulting , if approved by shareholders and the federal government , in a huge new multimedia entity .

Instead , the cover piece is a long essay by Indian novelist Arundhati Roy mourning India 's acquisition of the nuclear bomb .
instead , the cover piece is a long essay by indian novelist arundhati roy mourning india 's [acquiring] of the nuclear bomb .

They have blocked the Staples-Office Depot merger and the Lockheed-Northrop Grumman deal , and threw a monkey wrench ( ill-advisedly , but still ) into Barnes & Noble 's proposed acquisition of book distributor Ingram .
they have blocked the staples-office depot merger and the lockheed-northrop grumman deal , and threw a monkey wrench ( ill-advisedly , but still ) into barnes & noble 's proposed [acquiring] of book distributor ingram .

If Seattle was initially held back by an indigenous people who did n't value individual achievement and the Rules of Acquisition , then the arrival of the Scandinavians in the 1800s only made things worse .
if seattle was initially held back by an indigenous people who did n't value individual achievement and the rules of [acquiring] , then the arrival of the scandinavians in the 1800s only made things worse .

It 's a kind of acquisition arms race .
it 's a kind of [acquiring] arms race .

Take last week 's $ 3.7 billion acquisition by Lucent of International Network Services , a telecom consulting firm that helps companies design , install , and maintain computer and data networks .
take last week 's $ 3.7 billion [acquiring] by lucent of international network services , a telecom consulting firm that helps companies design , install , and maintain computer and data networks .

Even aside from that , this was a dubious acquisition , because in essence Lucent paid $ 3.7 billion to buy a business whose profit margins and earnings growth are significantly lower than Lucent 's .
even aside from that , this was a dubious [acquiring] , because in essence lucent paid $ 3.7 billion to buy a business whose profit margins and earnings growth are significantly lower than lucent 's .

We 've yet to hear any such rumblings -- except perhaps from advertisers -- about Condé Nast 's $ 650 million acquisition of Fairchild Publications , even though Condé Nast will now own every key fashion magazine in America , with the exceptions of Harper 's Bazaar and Elle .
we 've yet to hear any such rumblings -- except perhaps from advertisers -- about condé nast 's $ 650 million [acquiring] of fairchild publications , even though condé nast will now own every key fashion magazine in america , with the exceptions of harper 's bazaar and elle .

In other words , the acquisition may have the unforeseen effect of making the whole industry more businesslike .
in other words , the [acquiring] may have the unforeseen effect of making the whole industry more businesslike .

Leading Thursday with the news of its acquisition by Tony O'Reilly , former chairman of H.J .
leading thursday with the news of its [acquiring] by tony o'reilly , former chairman of h.j .

In the wake of Viacom 's acquisition of CBS , which , among other things , paired CBS ' television network with Paramount 's television-production studio , the reigning conventional wisdom is that NBC , now the only network without a studio partner , needs to find one as fast as it can .
in the wake of viacom 's [acquiring] of cbs , which , among other things , paired cbs ' television network with paramount 's television-production studio , the reigning conventional wisdom is that nbc , now the only network without a studio partner , needs to find one as fast as it can .

Had Barthelme lived longer ( he died in 1989 , at 58 ) , the majority of these items would not have been reprinted for another 20 or 30 years , and then probably in the usual dead-author package by the University of Winooski Press , for acquisition by selected academic libraries .
had barthelme lived longer ( he died in 1989 , at 58 ) , the majority of these items would not have been reprinted for another 20 or 30 years , and then probably in the usual dead-author package by the university of winooski press , for [acquiring] by selected academic libraries .

The magazine interviews Boeing CEO Philip Condit , who defends the company 's safety record , its acquisition of McDonnell Douglas , and its pro-China policy .
the magazine interviews boeing ceo philip condit , who defends the company 's safety record , its [acquiring] of mcdonnell douglas , and its pro-china policy .

Time 's cover story credits America Online CEO Steve Case with simplifying the Internet for consumers and notes that AOL 's acquisition of CompuServe 's subscribers tightens its domination of the online market .
time 's cover story credits america online ceo steve case with simplifying the internet for consumers and notes that aol 's [acquiring] of compuserve 's subscribers tightens its domination of the online market .

The NYT adds that it is also the largest-ever foreign acquisition of a U.S. company .
the nyt adds that it is also the largest-ever foreign [acquiring] of a u.s. company .

Likely acquisition targets include Mitsubishi , Subaru , Hyundai , Kia , Renault , Peugeot , and even perhaps BMW .
likely [acquiring] targets include mitsubishi , subaru , hyundai , kia , renault , peugeot , and even perhaps bmw .

The WSJ `` Washington Wire '' reports that the Army general who heads up the 1st Cavalry Division had this assessment for acquisition officers of the high-tech gear they 're providing him : `` You are fielding pieces of crap . ''
the wsj `` washington wire '' reports that the army general who heads up the 1st cavalry division had this assessment for [acquiring] officers of the high-tech gear they 're providing him : `` you are fielding pieces of crap . ''

The immediate causes are many : A disastrous acquisition drains cash reserves and defocuses management ; a crucial technology trend is ignored ; attempts to diversify beyond the initial product line stall .
the immediate causes are many : a disastrous [acquiring] drains cash reserves and defocuses management ; a crucial technology trend is ignored ; attempts to diversify beyond the initial product line stall .

It was especially disastrous in the acquisition of MCA Inc. by Sony 's electronics rival , Matsushita , which took place about the same time .
it was especially disastrous in the [acquiring] of mca inc. by sony 's electronics rival , matsushita , which took place about the same time .

The most telling -- and remarkable -- line in all the reams ( virtual and real ) of commentary and analysis already written about America Online 's $ 184 billion acquisition of Time Warner was this one , by Justin Lahart of TheStreet.com : `` The high price that AOL is willing to pay for Time Warner suggests that media companies can carry much higher valuations . ''
the most telling -- and remarkable -- line in all the reams ( virtual and real ) of commentary and analysis already written about america online 's $ 184 billion [acquiring] of time warner was this one , by justin lahart of thestreet.com : `` the high price that aol is willing to pay for time warner suggests that media companies can carry much higher valuations . ''

From this perspective , what 's really impressive about the deal is that it 's an all-stock acquisition ( aside from Time Warner 's debt , which AOL will assume ) .
from this perspective , what 's really impressive about the deal is that it 's an all-stock [acquiring] ( aside from time warner 's debt , which aol will assume ) .

Is Nora Ephron responsible for AOL 's proposed acquisition of Time Warner ?
is nora ephron responsible for aol 's proposed [acquiring] of time warner ?

In retrospect , then , it may have been not merely a romantic comedy with a little product placement tossed in ; it may have been an attempt to soften the ground for AOL 's latest acquisition .
in retrospect , then , it may have been not merely a romantic comedy with a little product placement tossed in ; it may have been an attempt to soften the ground for aol 's latest [acquiring] .

Yes , the GOP presidential candidates debated again last night , and yes , a Florida judge at least momentarily delayed the return of Elián González to Cuba , and yes , the Supreme Court says Microsoft has to let its temp workers in on its good-deal stock purchase plan , but everybody leads with yesterday 's surprise announcement of AOL 's purchase of Time Warner , the first acquisition of an old media company ( co-founded 75 years ago by Henry Luce ) by a new media one ( only 15 years old ) , the largest media merger of all time , and indeed , the just-plain largest merger of all time .
yes , the gop presidential candidates debated again last night , and yes , a florida judge at least momentarily delayed the return of elián gonzález to cuba , and yes , the supreme court says microsoft has to let its temp workers in on its good-deal stock purchase plan , but everybody leads with yesterday 's surprise announcement of aol 's purchase of time warner , the first [acquiring] of an old media company ( co-founded 75 years ago by henry luce ) by a new media one ( only 15 years old ) , the largest media merger of all time , and indeed , the just-plain largest merger of all time .

In case you missed the Globe story , or Ted Koppel 's uncharacteristically clumsy interrogation of McCain last night on Nightline , or the newspaper follow-ups today , here 's what we know : In November , and again in December , McCain , in his capacity as chairman of the Senate Commerce committee , wrote testy letters to the FCC demanding swift action on Paxson Communications ' proposed acquisition of a Pittsburgh TV station .
in case you missed the globe story , or ted koppel 's uncharacteristically clumsy interrogation of mccain last night on nightline , or the newspaper follow-ups today , here 's what we know : in november , and again in december , mccain , in his capacity as chairman of the senate commerce committee , wrote testy letters to the fcc demanding swift action on paxson communications ' proposed [acquiring] of a pittsburgh tv station .

Shortly after McCain prodded the FCC a second time , the agency approved the acquisition , which the ( somewhat liberal ) editorial page of the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette called `` long overdue . ''
shortly after mccain prodded the fcc a second time , the agency approved the [acquiring] , which the ( somewhat liberal ) editorial page of the pittsburgh post-gazette called `` long overdue . ''

McCain , who received $ 20,000 and the use of a corporate jet from Paxson affiliates , encouraged the Federal Communications Commission to issue a ruling on the company 's acquisition of a broadcast station .
mccain , who received $ 20,000 and the use of a corporate jet from paxson affiliates , encouraged the federal communications commission to issue a ruling on the company 's [acquiring] of a broadcast station .

One of the more telling things about the complexity of AOL 's acquisition of Time Warner is the simple fact that no one seemed able to agree on just how much the deal was worth .
one of the more telling things about the complexity of aol 's [acquiring] of time warner is the simple fact that no one seemed able to agree on just how much the deal was worth .

In the wake of Daimler-Benz AG 's $ 40 billion acquisition of Chrysler Corp. , simply the latest in what has become an unending series of massive mergers , it seems increasingly likely that this is all the fault of that ad campaign for Godzilla .
in the wake of daimler-benz ag 's $ 40 billion [acquiring] of chrysler corp. , simply the latest in what has become an unending series of massive mergers , it seems increasingly likely that this is all the fault of that ad campaign for godzilla .

It 's interesting to remember that Eisner was actually hesitant to buy a TV network and that it was Jeffrey Katzenberg who pushed hard for such an acquisition , though Disney only bought Cap Cities/ABC after Katzenberg had left .
it 's interesting to remember that eisner was actually hesitant to buy a tv network and that it was jeffrey katzenberg who pushed hard for such an [acquiring] , though disney only bought cap cities/abc after katzenberg had left .

The banking mergers follow a year that saw $ 1 trillion in merger and acquisition activity in the United States alone .
the banking mergers follow a year that saw $ 1 trillion in merger and [acquiring] activity in the united states alone .

Setting that aside , what 's really interesting about the Regal acquisition is that it is a bona fide long-term investment .
setting that aside , what 's really interesting about the regal [acquiring] is that it is a bona fide long-term investment .

On the contrary , by combining Regal with Act III , KKR is actually using one acquisition as a platform for another , much in the way any corporation looking to expand into a new field of business does .
on the contrary , by combining regal with act iii , kkr is actually using one [acquiring] as a platform for another , much in the way any corporation looking to expand into a new field of business does .

Aetna waited six months after its acquisition of U.S. Healthcare to announce that it was cutting 4,400 jobs and consolidating its 44 national service centers into 12 regional centers .
aetna waited six months after its [acquiring] of u.s. healthcare to announce that it was cutting 4,400 jobs and consolidating its 44 national service centers into 12 regional centers .

If its proposed acquisition of Northrop Grumman is approved by the Justice Department , it will be a $ 37 billion corporation by the end of 1998 .
if its proposed [acquiring] of northrop grumman is approved by the justice department , it will be a $ 37 billion corporation by the end of 1998 .

The Reagan defense budgets helped , as did an aggressive marketing plan abroad and , most importantly , the merger with Martin Marietta and the acquisition of General Dynamics ' F-16 fighter division .
the reagan defense budgets helped , as did an aggressive marketing plan abroad and , most importantly , the merger with martin marietta and the [acquiring] of general dynamics ' f-16 fighter division .

You might say the acquisition of Avis was therefore inevitable .
you might say the [acquiring] of avis was therefore inevitable .

We 're a month into the 1998 baseball season , and Rupert Murdoch has yet to rename his newest acquisition the Melrose Place Dodgers .
we 're a month into the 1998 baseball season , and rupert murdoch has yet to rename his newest [acquiring] the melrose place dodgers .

There are no subscriber acquisition costs either , since Internet magazines are given away free ( though Internet magazines do spend some money on marketing ) .
there are no subscriber [acquiring] costs either , since internet magazines are given away free ( though internet magazines do spend some money on marketing ) .

With China 's acquisition of the latest American technology , the assumption that the United States will remain the world 's only superpower `` can no longer be so easily held , '' it said .
with china 's [acquiring] of the latest american technology , the assumption that the united states will remain the world 's only superpower `` can no longer be so easily held , '' it said .

Two statutes on the list ban possession of certain kinds of weapons , essentially duplicating other statutes on the list that ban acquisition of those weapons .
two statutes on the list ban possession of certain kinds of weapons , essentially duplicating other statutes on the list that ban [acquiring] of those weapons .

Starting around 1910 , Arab newspapers railed against Jewish land acquisition .
starting around 1910 , arab newspapers railed against jewish land [acquiring] .

Arabs , who outnumbered Jews by more than 2-to-1 , revolted against Jewish land acquisition and British promises of Jewish nationhood .
arabs , who outnumbered jews by more than 2-to-1 , revolted against jewish land [acquiring] and british promises of jewish nationhood .

A new school of Jewish historians is more critical of the dislocations caused by Jewish land acquisition , and concludes that it was not always fair .
a new school of jewish historians is more critical of the dislocations caused by jewish land [acquiring] , and concludes that it was not always fair .

The Times describes the acquisition as part of a consolidation trend in the defense industry and says that the trend is encouraged by the Clinton administration , but never says why .
the times describes the [acquiring] as part of a consolidation trend in the defense industry and says that the trend is encouraged by the clinton administration , but never says why .

What other acquisition might serve your high economic and social status ?
what other [acquiring] might serve your high economic and social status ?

The story notes even though Internet company consolidation continues to proceed at a furious pace , Microsoft has n't made a major acquisition since the DOJ brought its case last year .
the story notes even though internet company consolidation continues to proceed at a furious pace , microsoft has n't made a major [acquiring] since the doj brought its case last year .

The NYT , LAT and WP note that the China report was unusually bipartisan , receiving unanimous committee approval and finding Chinese acquisition of military secrets transpiring during Republican and Democratic administrations alike .
the nyt , lat and wp note that the china report was unusually bipartisan , receiving unanimous committee approval and finding chinese [acquiring] of military secrets transpiring during republican and democratic administrations alike .

The story , sourced to unnamed `` U.S. officials , '' gives damning shape and detail to recent news rumblings about illicit Chinese acquisition of U.S. defense technology .
the story , sourced to unnamed `` u.s. officials , '' gives damning shape and detail to recent news rumblings about illicit chinese [acquiring] of u.s. defense technology .

The New York Times and Los Angeles Times lead instead with Lockheed Martin Corp. 's decision , in the face of government antitrust objections , to abandon its planned $ 8.3 billion acquisition of the Northrop Grumman Corp .
the new york times and los angeles times lead instead with lockheed martin corp. 's decision , in the face of government antitrust objections , to abandon its planned $ 8.3 billion [acquiring] of the northrop grumman corp .

The acquisition , says the paper , will shake both the cable and phone businesses , giving TCI new clout and phone expertise and allowing AT & T to offer local phone service over TCI 's cable lines .
the [acquiring] , says the paper , will shake both the cable and phone businesses , giving tci new clout and phone expertise and allowing at & t to offer local phone service over tci 's cable lines .

Indeed , the market as perceived by Schleifer consists largely of educated adults and browsers of difficult words and word lovers of all sorts : relatively short shrift is given to high school and college students , and , mercifully , no mention at all is made of those who might have been sold on the promise of a better life -- or a better after-life , or perhaps a better half-life -- through the acquisition of an expanded vocabulary .
indeed , the market as perceived by schleifer consists largely of educated adults and browsers of difficult words and word lovers of all sorts : relatively short shrift is given to high school and college students , and , mercifully , no mention at all is made of those who might have been sold on the promise of a better life -- or a better after-life , or perhaps a better half-life -- through the [acquiring] of an expanded vocabulary .

Sociolinguistics and Second Language Acquisition From the cover : In this book , Professor Preston assesses the relationship between second language acquisition and sociolinguistics , focusing in particular on the findings of quantitative sociolinguists .
sociolinguistics and second language [acquiring] from the cover : in this book , professor preston assesses the relationship between second language [acquiring] and sociolinguistics , focusing in particular on the findings of quantitative sociolinguists .

The study and acquisition of foreign languages , living and dead , is both intellectually and practically rewarding .
the study and [acquiring] of foreign languages , living and dead , is both intellectually and practically rewarding .

For the manipulation of language as an art one must first view it as a craft , and the acquisition of any craft can not be accomplished without effort : one does not become a writer by sitting around thinking about it or by saying he is a writer when someone asks , “ What do you do ? ’ ; one is a writer by virtue of the fact that he writes , with no regard whatsoever to publication .
for the manipulation of language as an art one must first view it as a craft , and the [acquiring] of any craft can not be accomplished without effort : one does not become a writer by sitting around thinking about it or by saying he is a writer when someone asks , “ what do you do ? ’ ; one is a writer by virtue of the fact that he writes , with no regard whatsoever to publication .

Abortion , Acquisition .
abortion , [acquiring] .

