The inference has been too widely accepted that because the Communists have succeeded in building barricades across Berlin the free world must acquiesce in dismemberment of that living city .
the inference has been too widely accepted that because the communists have succeeded in building barricades across berlin the free world must [accept/allow] in dismemberment of that living city .

not acquiesce to an international planning board .
not [accept/allow] to an international planning board .

The students who are most willing to acquiesce in the suppression of civil liberties are also those who are most likely to be prejudiced against minority groups , to be conformist and traditionalistic in general social attitudes , and to lack a basic faith in people .
the students who are most willing to [accept/allow] in the suppression of civil liberties are also those who are most likely to be prejudiced against minority groups , to be conformist and traditionalistic in general social attitudes , and to lack a basic faith in people .

That in turn would have necessitated the appointment of enough peers of the Liberal persuasion to acquiesce in abolition .
that in turn would have necessitated the appointment of enough peers of the liberal persuasion to [accept/allow] in abolition .

Governments acquiesce in the House allotting the 20 Fridays mentioned above for Private Members ' motions ( 10 days ) and Bills ( 10 days ) .
governments [accept/allow] in the house allotting the 20 fridays mentioned above for private members ' motions ( 10 days ) and bills ( 10 days ) .

We can acquiesce in this thought experiment only because we implicitly assume that enough behavioural complexity will be discovered for us to regard tribe members as having beliefs and intentions , even if , ex hypothesi , their very simple language does not permit them to express these beliefs and intentions .
we can [accept/allow] in this thought experiment only because we implicitly assume that enough behavioural complexity will be discovered for us to regard tribe members as having beliefs and intentions , even if , ex hypothesi , their very simple language does not permit them to express these beliefs and intentions .

Those who acquiesce in this cynical co-incidence of interest would do well to apply themselves to the conclusions of the recent Ramblers ' Association study on Birds and Walkers : ‘ this work suggests that there is no reason to prohibit public access , but that careful management is required .
those who [accept/allow] in this cynical co-incidence of interest would do well to apply themselves to the conclusions of the recent ramblers ' association study on birds and walkers : ‘ this work suggests that there is no reason to prohibit public access , but that careful management is required .

These were timeless things , and he would not acquiesce in their alteration .
these were timeless things , and he would not [accept/allow] in their alteration .

The king had to acquiesce .
the king had to [accept/allow] .

Several held public meetings where local MPs were put on their mettle and remorselessly pilloried if they failed to acquiesce .
several held public meetings where local mps were put on their mettle and remorselessly pilloried if they failed to [accept/allow] .

Its partners had probably accepted that they would have to acquiesce to some kind of compromise within the package deal .
its partners had probably accepted that they would have to [accept/allow] to some kind of compromise within the package deal .

Its viability depends less on the final validity of its basic assumptions than upon its own internal logical coherence and appropriateness in the lives of those who acquiesce in or profess it .
its viability depends less on the final validity of its basic assumptions than upon its own internal logical coherence and appropriateness in the lives of those who [accept/allow] in or profess it .

Whilst recognising that the worship of a small , dispirited congregation is of importance to God , it does not believe that we can acquiesce in despair or even discouragement .
whilst recognising that the worship of a small , dispirited congregation is of importance to god , it does not believe that we can [accept/allow] in despair or even discouragement .

the bright pelagic fish acquiesce .
the bright pelagic fish [accept/allow] .

He/she must not only offer an accurate description of the death-like oppressiveness of the capitalist world as it is developing in the first half of the twentieth century , but must also depict accurately and without facile romanticism or glib sentimentality , the angry and determined political struggle of men and women refusing to acquiesce to the oppressive forces of capitalist society .
he/she must not only offer an accurate description of the death-like oppressiveness of the capitalist world as it is developing in the first half of the twentieth century , but must also depict accurately and without facile romanticism or glib sentimentality , the angry and determined political struggle of men and women refusing to [accept/allow] to the oppressive forces of capitalist society .

Technical disturbances arising from the interaction between communism and the novel form are consequently in Nizan 's eyes merely the logical outcome of the communist writer 's refusal to acquiesce to what are perceived as the oppressive structures of bourgeois politics , ethics and culture .
technical disturbances arising from the interaction between communism and the novel form are consequently in nizan 's eyes merely the logical outcome of the communist writer 's refusal to [accept/allow] to what are perceived as the oppressive structures of bourgeois politics , ethics and culture .

In 1321 , despite attempts by several bishops to reach a settlement with the Marcher lords , open civil war broke out and Edward was forced to acquiesce in the parliamentary exile of both Despensers , father and
in 1321 , despite attempts by several bishops to reach a settlement with the marcher lords , open civil war broke out and edward was forced to [accept/allow] in the parliamentary exile of both despensers , father and

Should further credit be refused ? or should we acquiesce in this involuntary trade credit to retain business ?
should further credit be refused ? or should we [accept/allow] in this involuntary trade credit to retain business ?

English law does not recognise the continental doctrine of rebellion which requires a person to acquiesce in the unlawful use of official force against him , seeking such civil remedies as may be available subsequently .
english law does not recognise the continental doctrine of rebellion which requires a person to [accept/allow] in the unlawful use of official force against him , seeking such civil remedies as may be available subsequently .

There was no possible reason why the masters should acquiesce in the expropriation of the means of production they owned .
there was no possible reason why the masters should [accept/allow] in the expropriation of the means of production they owned .

Nor does the fact that , so long as they consider that the affairs of the business they own are being conducted well enough on their behalf , owners do not choose to exercise their ultimate authority , provide any reason for supposing either that companies would be better managed if trade unions were implicated in management or that owners would acquiesce in the assumption , in whole or in part , of their rights by any other party — let alone by one whose essential interests are often opposed to their own .
nor does the fact that , so long as they consider that the affairs of the business they own are being conducted well enough on their behalf , owners do not choose to exercise their ultimate authority , provide any reason for supposing either that companies would be better managed if trade unions were implicated in management or that owners would [accept/allow] in the assumption , in whole or in part , of their rights by any other party — let alone by one whose essential interests are often opposed to their own .

Rowntree quotes Philip Jackson on the average school system and what it teaches the student : " He learns to be passive and to acquiesce to the network of rules , regulations and routines in which he is embedded . " ( Rowntree 1974 : 40 ) He quotes Harold Taylor :
rowntree quotes philip jackson on the average school system and what it teaches the student : " he learns to be passive and to [accept/allow] to the network of rules , regulations and routines in which he is embedded . " ( rowntree 1974 : 40 ) he quotes harold taylor :

Even in the mid-seventeenth century , when Puritan dominance over the moral code was strongest , there is some evidence that the courts were willing to acquiesce in a more pragmatic code , provided public order was sustained .
even in the mid-seventeenth century , when puritan dominance over the moral code was strongest , there is some evidence that the courts were willing to [accept/allow] in a more pragmatic code , provided public order was sustained .

If , as in the past , shepherds withhold information from their flock , the flock will no longer acquiesce in the process .
if , as in the past , shepherds withhold information from their flock , the flock will no longer [accept/allow] in the process .

British ministers had to acquiesce if they wished to re-establish links with Washington .
british ministers had to [accept/allow] if they wished to re-establish links with washington .

Clause 16 was not a genuine reservation to Mr Antoniades of a power to share the flat … Mr Antoniades did not genuinely intend to exercise the powers save possibly to bring pressure to bear to obtain possession … The occupiers were obliged to acquiesce with this pretence in order to obtain the accommodation … The facilities in the flat were not suitable for sharing between strangers .
clause 16 was not a genuine reservation to mr antoniades of a power to share the flat … mr antoniades did not genuinely intend to exercise the powers save possibly to bring pressure to bear to obtain possession … the occupiers were obliged to [accept/allow] with this pretence in order to obtain the accommodation … the facilities in the flat were not suitable for sharing between strangers .

The Maccabees fought rather than acquiesce in the placing of a statue of Zeus in the Temple .
the maccabees fought rather than [accept/allow] in the placing of a statue of zeus in the temple .

It may be that the Protestants of Northern Ireland would acquiesce in the new kingly order .
it may be that the protestants of northern ireland would [accept/allow] in the new kingly order .

We 're somewhat reluctant to offer it up , fearing a second stabbing , but she becomes stern , and we acquiesce .
we 're somewhat reluctant to offer it up , fearing a second stabbing , but she becomes stern , and we [accept/allow] .

As it was American atomic attitudes in this period hardened British resolution not to be bullied out of the business and not to acquiesce in an American monopoly ; it encouraged her determination to be a nuclear power for the sake of the influence this was expected to give her in Washington !
as it was american atomic attitudes in this period hardened british resolution not to be bullied out of the business and not to [accept/allow] in an american monopoly ; it encouraged her determination to be a nuclear power for the sake of the influence this was expected to give her in washington !

If we find that human faculties and understandings are such that knowledge is necessarily limited , we might more easily and ‘ with less scruple acquiesce in the avowed ignorance ’ of what lies beyond the horizon , and ‘ employ [ our ] … thoughts and discourse , with more advantage and satisfaction ’ about what lies within our reach .
if we find that human faculties and understandings are such that knowledge is necessarily limited , we might more easily and ‘ with less scruple [accept/allow] in the avowed ignorance ’ of what lies beyond the horizon , and ‘ employ [ our ] … thoughts and discourse , with more advantage and satisfaction ’ about what lies within our reach .

as he half knew , he would be asked to acquiesce in some lunatic scheme for pulling Tristram out of trouble , and saw her for a moment from a position of detachment : a tall young woman looking younger than her twenty-nine years .
as he half knew , he would be asked to [accept/allow] in some lunatic scheme for pulling tristram out of trouble , and saw her for a moment from a position of detachment : a tall young woman looking younger than her twenty-nine years .

Be that as it may , it may turn out that the preparedness not to acquiesce in any all-Ireland solution is decidedly stronger than most commentators until recently were prepared to accept , except for the work of Bew , Gibbon , and Patterson .
be that as it may , it may turn out that the preparedness not to [accept/allow] in any all-ireland solution is decidedly stronger than most commentators until recently were prepared to accept , except for the work of bew , gibbon , and patterson .

Hong Kong authorities believe that most boat people will acquiesce rather than violently resist attempts to send them back to Vietnam , but this apparent passivity can be deceptive .
hong kong authorities believe that most boat people will [accept/allow] rather than violently resist attempts to send them back to vietnam , but this apparent passivity can be deceptive .

At the time there were only three cable companies operating in Britain : Cable & Wireless , which was owned by the British government so presented no problem , and the two American cable companies , the Commercial Cable Postal Telegraph Company and Western Union , who did not acquiesce so easily .
at the time there were only three cable companies operating in britain : cable & wireless , which was owned by the british government so presented no problem , and the two american cable companies , the commercial cable postal telegraph company and western union , who did not [accept/allow] so easily .

The realization that such a policy would almost certainly involve war , for Austria would have to be driven out of the Confederation and France might be unwilling to acquiesce in the creation of a powerful new Germanic state , did not worry Bismarck .
the realization that such a policy would almost certainly involve war , for austria would have to be driven out of the confederation and france might be unwilling to [accept/allow] in the creation of a powerful new germanic state , did not worry bismarck .

Acquiesce or never explicitly agree with the other person .
[accept/allow] or never explicitly agree with the other person .

The ‘ common low level ’ lies in those people who acquiesce in this shameful pastime and , tut-tutting at the evidence of the cruelty , ‘ pass by on the other side ’ .
the ‘ common low level ’ lies in those people who [accept/allow] in this shameful pastime and , tut-tutting at the evidence of the cruelty , ‘ pass by on the other side ’ .

Lord Ellenborough , an outspoken Tory , thought that their Lordships should not acquiesce to the report of a Select Committee of the House of Commons .
lord ellenborough , an outspoken tory , thought that their lordships should not [accept/allow] to the report of a select committee of the house of commons .

Coningham said that he had looked more closely at Scott 's scheme since the last debate , and ‘ could not acquiesce in the high opinion which that gentleman appeared to entertain of himself , judging by the long string of superlatives in his own praise with which he wound up his recent letter to The Times ' .
coningham said that he had looked more closely at scott 's scheme since the last debate , and ‘ could not [accept/allow] in the high opinion which that gentleman appeared to entertain of himself , judging by the long string of superlatives in his own praise with which he wound up his recent letter to the times ' .

This bit of gratuitous groveling pales next to the sins of others -- both those who remained Stalinists into the 1950s and those who did not just acquiesce in , but advocated , McCarthyism .
this bit of gratuitous groveling pales next to the sins of others -- both those who remained stalinists into the 1950s and those who did not just [accept/allow] in , but advocated , mccarthyism .

