Then , if the middle number is activated to its greatest potential in terms of this square , through multiplying it by the highest number , 9 ( which is the square of the base number ) , the result is 45 ; ;
then , if the middle number is [started] to its greatest potential in terms of this square , through multiplying it by the highest number , 9 ( which is the square of the base number ) , the result is 45 ; ;

It seems that the aerated lagoon was a very heavily loaded oxidation pond or a lightly loaded activated sludge system .
it seems that the aerated lagoon was a very heavily loaded oxidation pond or a lightly loaded [started] sludge system .

It was found that the aerated lagoon was an activated sludge system rather than an oxidation pond .
it was found that the aerated lagoon was an [started] sludge system rather than an oxidation pond .

The bacteria formed typical activated sludge floc .
the bacteria formed typical [started] sludge floc .

She had activated one of her microscopic tools which she would later use for minute repairs to various parts of her control panel .
she had [started] one of her microscopic tools which she would later use for minute repairs to various parts of her control panel .

Maybe it 's voice activated .
maybe it 's voice [started] .

In a letter Mr Threlfall explained : ‘ The vehicle responded immediately , having been informed that a paramedic vehicle had also been activated from the scene from Newton Aycliffe , that the patient had been removed to a nearby farmhouse and that he was suffering from a suspected broken arm . ’
in a letter mr threlfall explained : ‘ the vehicle responded immediately , having been informed that a paramedic vehicle had also been [started] from the scene from newton aycliffe , that the patient had been removed to a nearby farmhouse and that he was suffering from a suspected broken arm . ’

The trend towards low-tar cigarettes saw margins soar 40 per cent to 10.2 per cent in the cigarette-filters division , centred on Filtrona , which supplies filters with activated carbon to remove tar .
the trend towards low-tar cigarettes saw margins soar 40 per cent to 10.2 per cent in the cigarette-filters division , centred on filtrona , which supplies filters with [started] carbon to remove tar .

‘ The only result is that a large heron discovered that when it activated the floodlight it enabled him/her to decimate my expensive collection of koi carp , brazenly standing in the middle of the pool at 10.30pm . ’
‘ the only result is that a large heron discovered that when it [started] the floodlight it enabled him/her to decimate my expensive collection of koi carp , brazenly standing in the middle of the pool at 10.30pm . ’

Two men escaped with his case but a security device activated and it was later abandoned , as was the same Allegro car after the case began emitting red dye .
two men escaped with his case but a security device [started] and it was later abandoned , as was the same allegro car after the case began emitting red dye .

Though he could put no figure on possible aid , Sir Wyn said assistance would come from the Bellwin scheme which can be activated for emergency relief after exceptional storm or flood damage .
though he could put no figure on possible aid , sir wyn said assistance would come from the bellwin scheme which can be [started] for emergency relief after exceptional storm or flood damage .

The assistance comes from the Bellwin scheme which can be activated for emergency relief after exceptional storm or flood damage .
the assistance comes from the bellwin scheme which can be [started] for emergency relief after exceptional storm or flood damage .

He reckons his voice activated machine is the answer .
he reckons his voice [started] machine is the answer .

It would cost around four million pounds to convert every cash dispenser in the country to being voice activated .
it would cost around four million pounds to convert every cash dispenser in the country to being voice [started] .

The stun gun was applied to parts of her naked body and activated , the jury was told .
the stun gun was applied to parts of her naked body and [started] , the jury was told .

Because an accident of this kind could have repercussions beyond the Courtelle plant in Barcelona , internal and external emergency plans were activated .
because an accident of this kind could have repercussions beyond the courtelle plant in barcelona , internal and external emergency plans were [started] .

You know which one it , it is , it sort of activated one .
you know which one it , it is , it sort of [started] one .

Underneath the rounded , triangular coverplate lie three six-inch spun aluminium cones , activated by a T-shaped bar that connects the bridge to the centre of each speaker .
underneath the rounded , triangular coverplate lie three six-inch spun aluminium cones , [started] by a t-shaped bar that connects the bridge to the centre of each speaker .

However , once the coil tap has been activated , the switch moves you between tapped bridge and both bridge and neck together .
however , once the coil tap has been [started] , the switch moves you between tapped bridge and both bridge and neck together .

Coralife also produce Pureflo filter pads , Activated Carbon , and Phosphate Remover .
coralife also produce pureflo filter pads , [started] carbon , and phosphate remover .

This has a fine sponge pad and Ehfi-substrat Groß , followed by activated carbon .
this has a fine sponge pad and ehfi-substrat groß , followed by [started] carbon .

For chemical filtration , which usually means packing with an absorptive medium such as activated carbon or some sort of resin .
for chemical filtration , which usually means packing with an absorptive medium such as [started] carbon or some sort of resin .

Activated carbon , resin , or other substance
[started] carbon , resin , or other substance

Chemical filtration — for keeping butterfly and angelfish — means activated carbon .
chemical filtration — for keeping butterfly and angelfish — means [started] carbon .

The life of activated carbon is limited — factors like gallonage and stocking levels affecting it .
the life of [started] carbon is limited — factors like gallonage and stocking levels affecting it .

Do change activated carbon or charcoal frequently ( at least once per month or as soon as water appears yellowed or aged ) .
do change [started] carbon or charcoal frequently ( at least once per month or as soon as water appears yellowed or aged ) .

Additionally , the aforementioned bank of LEDs indicates which mode is selected , whether or not the TriAxis 's effects loop is engaged and which of the preamp 's outboard switches is activated .
additionally , the aforementioned bank of leds indicates which mode is selected , whether or not the triaxis 's effects loop is engaged and which of the preamp 's outboard switches is [started] .

The greater the surface area the more effective the charcoal — thus the move to superheated ( and therefore thoroughly ‘ cracked ’ ) activated charcoal medias .
the greater the surface area the more effective the charcoal — thus the move to superheated ( and therefore thoroughly ‘ cracked ’ ) [started] charcoal medias .

Is this the comeback of the 70's ‘ disco ’ tie ? Sound activated , it will soon send out ‘ good vibrations ’ to the rest of the groovers .
is this the comeback of the 70's ‘ disco ’ tie ? sound [started] , it will soon send out ‘ good vibrations ’ to the rest of the groovers .

Therefore , only mechanical ( filter floss ) and chemical ( activated carbon ) needs to be packed into the canister .
therefore , only mechanical ( filter floss ) and chemical ( [started] carbon ) needs to be packed into the canister .

According to Marslen-Wilson and Welsh , a set of potential word candidates ( the ‘ cohort ’ ) is activated during the earliest phases of the word recognition process solely on the basis of bottom-up sensory information .
according to marslen-wilson and welsh , a set of potential word candidates ( the ‘ cohort ’ ) is [started] during the earliest phases of the word recognition process solely on the basis of bottom-up sensory information .

That is , all words sharing the same initial sound characteristics become activated in the system .
that is , all words sharing the same initial sound characteristics become [started] in the system .

It 's irritatingly easy to crash at first , as the pushscroll is only activated when you 're more than halfway across the screen , giving you little time to see and avoid hazards .
it 's irritatingly easy to crash at first , as the pushscroll is only [started] when you 're more than halfway across the screen , giving you little time to see and avoid hazards .

To be completely safe , he activated his automatic call-signal which would be picked up on the ground .
to be completely safe , he [started] his automatic call-signal which would be picked up on the ground .

He activated the aircraft 's radar scrambling unit , switched on the moving map display and set the detection and recording equipment for fully automatic sequence .
he [started] the aircraft 's radar scrambling unit , switched on the moving map display and set the detection and recording equipment for fully automatic sequence .

The following example of a joint problem-solving session , discussed in greater detail elsewhere in a different context ( Hanko 1985/7 ) , illustrates both the range of issues that can arise for exploration , and the processes which can be activated in group consultation to contribute to insight and solution .
the following example of a joint problem-solving session , discussed in greater detail elsewhere in a different context ( hanko 1985/7 ) , illustrates both the range of issues that can arise for exploration , and the processes which can be [started] in group consultation to contribute to insight and solution .

But they had already spoken that morning , their plans drawn up ready to be activated .
but they had already spoken that morning , their plans drawn up ready to be [started] .

Some were constructed so that they would only move when a passing person activated a treadle of some sort so that the toy would suddenly spring into ‘ life ’ .
some were constructed so that they would only move when a passing person [started] a treadle of some sort so that the toy would suddenly spring into ‘ life ’ .

Activated by some unseen hand , a disaster-shutter of woven steel crashed down behind him , cutting him off from his guardsmen .
[started] by some unseen hand , a disaster-shutter of woven steel crashed down behind him , cutting him off from his guardsmen .

Came the day when a robed elder Inquisitor activated a palm-tattoo that Jaq had never seen before , and spoke to him the words :
came the day when a robed elder inquisitor [started] a palm-tattoo that jaq had never seen before , and spoke to him the words :

Jaq activated his power axe and strode forward .
jaq [started] his power axe and strode forward .

All of those present who had shed their masks activated their own identical tattoos then willed the image to vanish again .
all of those present who had shed their masks [started] their own identical tattoos then willed the image to vanish again .

Qualix Group Inc , San Mateo , California , has announced KeyIt , a $ 200 software product that will let Sparc users create hot-key activated macro commands that correspond to any sequence of keyboard or mouse inputs .
qualix group inc , san mateo , california , has announced keyit , a $ 200 software product that will let sparc users create hot-key [started] macro commands that correspond to any sequence of keyboard or mouse inputs .

Make sure the protein skimmer is working properly and renew the activated carbon .
make sure the protein skimmer is working properly and renew the [started] carbon .

replacement of activated carbon overdue .
replacement of [started] carbon overdue .

’ What he had learnt in the Borinage was that human suffering of the most basic sort somehow activated his creative energies , as well as enabling him to gain access to the depths of his own nature .
’ what he had learnt in the borinage was that human suffering of the most basic sort somehow [started] his creative energies , as well as enabling him to gain access to the depths of his own nature .

For these reasons , client managements are unlikely to welcome a going concern qualification , and their concerns may well be reinforced if such a qualification restricts management freedom of action , possibly by allowing debt covenants to be activated , restricting the freedom to pay dividends , and so on .
for these reasons , client managements are unlikely to welcome a going concern qualification , and their concerns may well be reinforced if such a qualification restricts management freedom of action , possibly by allowing debt covenants to be [started] , restricting the freedom to pay dividends , and so on .

But we should note , too , that language development itself , the acquisition of knowledge of symbolic meanings , is activated by the need to extend schematic knowledge so as to cope more effectively with the social environment .
but we should note , too , that language development itself , the acquisition of knowledge of symbolic meanings , is [started] by the need to extend schematic knowledge so as to cope more effectively with the social environment .

But if it is the case that language learning is activated by the socio-cultural purpose of schematic extension , that we learn language in order to get a better grasp of the world so that we can turn it to our advantage , then it would seem to follow that a central problem in the teaching of a foreign language lies in the provision of some comparable activating purpose .
but if it is the case that language learning is [started] by the socio-cultural purpose of schematic extension , that we learn language in order to get a better grasp of the world so that we can turn it to our advantage , then it would seem to follow that a central problem in the teaching of a foreign language lies in the provision of some comparable activating purpose .

The interaction between c-Myc and Bcl-2 differs from the usual form of oncoprotein cooperation as observed between c-Myc and activated Ras in that , although c-Myc/Bcl-2 fibroblasts proliferate continuously in the absence of mitogens , they neither appear to be morphologically transformed nor to form foci in monolayer culture ( Fig .
the interaction between c-myc and bcl-2 differs from the usual form of oncoprotein cooperation as observed between c-myc and [started] ras in that , although c-myc/bcl-2 fibroblasts proliferate continuously in the absence of mitogens , they neither appear to be morphologically transformed nor to form foci in monolayer culture ( fig .

Further characterization of the growth and death of cells containing various combinations of activated c- myc , ras and bcl -2 oncogenes should provide insights as to how the various attributes of these three classes of oncogene interact .
further characterization of the growth and death of cells containing various combinations of [started] c- myc , ras and bcl -2 oncogenes should provide insights as to how the various attributes of these three classes of oncogene interact .

Our results indicate that , just as activated c-Myc expression may be important in determining the initial sensitivity of tumours to drugs , so Bcl-2 deregulation , by blocking programmed cell death , may lead to drug resistance .
our results indicate that , just as [started] c-myc expression may be important in determining the initial sensitivity of tumours to drugs , so bcl-2 deregulation , by blocking programmed cell death , may lead to drug resistance .

We do not know how this activated state is subsequently maintained throughout the healing process , although the final overrun and pile-up suggest that it takes some time to switch off .
we do not know how this [started] state is subsequently maintained throughout the healing process , although the final overrun and pile-up suggest that it takes some time to switch off .

One attractive hypothesis would be that there is positive feedback , whereby tension in the cable generates an intracellular chemi- cal signal for the maintenance of tension ; this would maintain an activated state in every cell containing a segment of the taut cable .
one attractive hypothesis would be that there is positive feedback , whereby tension in the cable generates an intracellular chemi- cal signal for the maintenance of tension ; this would maintain an [started] state in every cell containing a segment of the taut cable .

The Hox-B1/lacZ transgene , like the endogenous gene , is initially activated in a broad domain at preheadfold stages , with an anterior limit mapping to the future r3/4 boundary .
the hox-b1/lacz transgene , like the endogenous gene , is initially [started] in a broad domain at preheadfold stages , with an anterior limit mapping to the future r3/4 boundary .

The Hox-B1 experiments showed that a marker for r5 ( expression in neural cell bodies ) was activated in r3 and we wanted to examine whether there were other changes to segmental expression in r3 .
the hox-b1 experiments showed that a marker for r5 ( expression in neural cell bodies ) was [started] in r3 and we wanted to examine whether there were other changes to segmental expression in r3 .

High concentrations of the protein kinase inhibitor staurosporine will induce many cell types in culture to undergo apoptosis , perhaps because it blocks the intracellular signalling pathways activated by the extracellular survival factors that many cells require to live .
high concentrations of the protein kinase inhibitor staurosporine will induce many cell types in culture to undergo apoptosis , perhaps because it blocks the intracellular signalling pathways [started] by the extracellular survival factors that many cells require to live .

External signals arriving at the cell engage surface receptors to initiate signalling pathways whereby information flows from one component to the next until the final effector system is activated .
external signals arriving at the cell engage surface receptors to initiate signalling pathways whereby information flows from one component to the next until the final effector system is [started] .

How would this mine be activated ?
how would this mine be [started] ?

Only one bomb has been activated .
only one bomb has been [started] .

First the tap is turned on ( demand rises ) ; then the water gets hot ( injunctions activated ) ; finally stress occurs ( withdrawal , anger and tension arise ) .
first the tap is turned on ( demand rises ) ; then the water gets hot ( injunctions [started] ) ; finally stress occurs ( withdrawal , anger and tension arise ) .

Willard Boepple contributes an abstract sculpture , and Charles Quick , former artist-in-residence at Leeds City Art Gallery , has devised an exterior light sculpture , a minimalist Christmas decoration in the form of a vertical line of floodlights activated in a sequence by pedestrian traffic passing beneath it .
willard boepple contributes an abstract sculpture , and charles quick , former artist-in-residence at leeds city art gallery , has devised an exterior light sculpture , a minimalist christmas decoration in the form of a vertical line of floodlights [started] in a sequence by pedestrian traffic passing beneath it .

On the other hand , there 's an inbuilt defence mechanism in Carter which is activated by criticism .
on the other hand , there 's an inbuilt defence mechanism in carter which is [started] by criticism .

Chemical adsorption e.g. activated carbon , zeolite , polyfilter .
chemical adsorption e.g. [started] carbon , zeolite , polyfilter .

The best medium to adsorb excess ozone is activated carbon .
the best medium to adsorb excess ozone is [started] carbon .

The second chest has an identical trap , save that this time the poison in the darts is Elfbane , and it has a second trap which will be activated only if the chest is forcibly opened .
the second chest has an identical trap , save that this time the poison in the darts is elfbane , and it has a second trap which will be [started] only if the chest is forcibly opened .

If the adventurers are successful in picking the lock , this trap wo n't be activated , but they will have to be very careful taking out the money without breaking the glass sphere ( no test needed , but you should roll dice as if you were making some secret test just to scare the players ) .
if the adventurers are successful in picking the lock , this trap wo n't be [started] , but they will have to be very careful taking out the money without breaking the glass sphere ( no test needed , but you should roll dice as if you were making some secret test just to scare the players ) .

Antifreeze , the name of this trace heating tape , is controlled by pre-set thermostats , and is only activated when the temperature drops to near freezing , or below , making it economical and cost-effective .
antifreeze , the name of this trace heating tape , is controlled by pre-set thermostats , and is only [started] when the temperature drops to near freezing , or below , making it economical and cost-effective .

More important , perhaps , was the confluence of stimuli which activated the revolt of Sir Oswald Mosley against the political establishment .
more important , perhaps , was the confluence of stimuli which [started] the revolt of sir oswald mosley against the political establishment .

This led her to search for a continuous tradition which had been activated by occult means and linked the French and Russian Revolutions .
this led her to search for a continuous tradition which had been [started] by occult means and linked the french and russian revolutions .

Elmsford , New York-based Wen Technology Corp unveiled a voice activated colour notebook , the Intel Corp 80486-based SuperNote-Voice .
elmsford , new york-based wen technology corp unveiled a voice [started] colour notebook , the intel corp 80486-based supernote-voice .

Unfortunately , the larvae usually enter the tissues of developing foetuses ( 3 ) and localise in their intestines , being activated by the pregnancy .
unfortunately , the larvae usually enter the tissues of developing foetuses ( 3 ) and localise in their intestines , being [started] by the pregnancy .

There is a particular problem associated with some designs in that they are activated simply by the sound of barking .
there is a particular problem associated with some designs in that they are [started] simply by the sound of barking .

The umpire invoked and activated some instruments attached to the notator machine , then the steel blocks glided forward to within two squares of one another — épée range — and locked magnetically to the floor .
the umpire invoked and [started] some instruments attached to the notator machine , then the steel blocks glided forward to within two squares of one another — épée range — and locked magnetically to the floor .

’ Mary winced at the incontinent ignition of thanks activated by the discovery of a modest twist of Joseph 's tobacco .
’ mary winced at the incontinent ignition of thanks [started] by the discovery of a modest twist of joseph 's tobacco .

The messages which travel through our nerves are carried by electrical impulses , and each muscle cell is activated by electricity .
the messages which travel through our nerves are carried by electrical impulses , and each muscle cell is [started] by electricity .

If it is true that verbal questions primarily engage the left hemisphere while spatial questions tap the functions of the right hemisphere , it might be predicted that responses to such questions will be optimal when the appropriate hemisphere is activated rather than if the opposite hemisphere is aroused .
if it is true that verbal questions primarily engage the left hemisphere while spatial questions tap the functions of the right hemisphere , it might be predicted that responses to such questions will be optimal when the appropriate hemisphere is [started] rather than if the opposite hemisphere is aroused .

Nonetheless there is sufficient evidence to suggest that concurrent performance of certain cognitive tasks can in some circumstances alter left-right perceptual asymmetries ( Kinsbourne , 1970 ; 1973 ; Hellige , 1978 ; Hellige , Cox and Litvac , 1979 ; Allard and Bryden , 1979 ; Rizzolatti , Bertolini and Buchtel , 1979 ; Beaumont and Colley , 1980 ) … The problem is that the additional task has sometimes been found to facilitate performance in the visual field opposite the supposedly activated hemisphere and in other cases has been found to impair performance .
nonetheless there is sufficient evidence to suggest that concurrent performance of certain cognitive tasks can in some circumstances alter left-right perceptual asymmetries ( kinsbourne , 1970 ; 1973 ; hellige , 1978 ; hellige , cox and litvac , 1979 ; allard and bryden , 1979 ; rizzolatti , bertolini and buchtel , 1979 ; beaumont and colley , 1980 ) … the problem is that the additional task has sometimes been found to facilitate performance in the visual field opposite the supposedly [started] hemisphere and in other cases has been found to impair performance .

In addition there is an external Eheim 2217 filter using ceramic chips , activated carbon , nylon mesh , filter wool , and for good measure a half Polyfilter positioned under the filter wool .
in addition there is an external eheim 2217 filter using ceramic chips , [started] carbon , nylon mesh , filter wool , and for good measure a half polyfilter positioned under the filter wool .

Evaluations of community interventions to strengthen social networks have shown health impacts through various mechanisms : enhanced lay helper capabilities , strengthened community-decision-making , increased participation in health activities , and activated social support ( Israel , 1985 ; Pilisuk et al , 1982 ; Cohen and Syme , 1985 ) .
evaluations of community interventions to strengthen social networks have shown health impacts through various mechanisms : enhanced lay helper capabilities , strengthened community-decision-making , increased participation in health activities , and [started] social support ( israel , 1985 ; pilisuk et al , 1982 ; cohen and syme , 1985 ) .

You are near enough to savour the undertones of personal body scents ( pheromones ) produced by the activated sebaceous glands of the skin and genital area .
you are near enough to savour the undertones of personal body scents ( pheromones ) produced by the [started] sebaceous glands of the skin and genital area .

Specifically , how is Ras activated by Grb2-Sos binding ?
specifically , how is ras [started] by grb2-sos binding ?

Binding of Grb2-Sos to activated receptors seems to increase the affinity of Grb2-Sos interaction , but guanine nucleotide exchange of Sos1 itself looks to be indifferent to the binding state of its chaperone adaptor protein .
binding of grb2-sos to [started] receptors seems to increase the affinity of grb2-sos interaction , but guanine nucleotide exchange of sos1 itself looks to be indifferent to the binding state of its chaperone adaptor protein .

So it seems that Ras can be activated by merely increasing the total cellular concentration of activator , without requiring receptor-dependent modification .
so it seems that ras can be [started] by merely increasing the total cellular concentration of activator , without requiring receptor-dependent modification .

These numbers are given in the histogram at the left , 1 meaning that a cell could only be activated through the contralateral eye , 7 that it could only be activated through the ipsilateral eye , and intermediate numbers indicating intermediate degrees of ocular dominance ; thus group 4 means that both eyes affected the neuron equally .
these numbers are given in the histogram at the left , 1 meaning that a cell could only be [started] through the contralateral eye , 7 that it could only be [started] through the ipsilateral eye , and intermediate numbers indicating intermediate degrees of ocular dominance ; thus group 4 means that both eyes affected the neuron equally .

They then reared some animals with one eye closed throughout the sensitive period , and as you see the result was dramatic — the closed eye lost control of almost all the neurons it would normally have activated .
they then reared some animals with one eye closed throughout the sensitive period , and as you see the result was dramatic — the closed eye lost control of almost all the neurons it would normally have [started] .

Both eyes now had the same average experience , but since they were misaligned , cells would no longer be activated simultaneously by both eyes .
both eyes now had the same average experience , but since they were misaligned , cells would no longer be [started] simultaneously by both eyes .

Rather they see it as production — the production of meaning by the text itself when activated by the reader .
rather they see it as production — the production of meaning by the text itself when [started] by the reader .

But in the context of the modern cultural mythology of the artist/model relationship , this statement simply begs further questions and plays on the frisson of sexuality activated by the exhibition .
but in the context of the modern cultural mythology of the artist/model relationship , this statement simply begs further questions and plays on the frisson of sexuality [started] by the exhibition .

Like the established economic torts , this is a tort of intention and it is thought that the conduct of the defendant must have the plaintiff as its target though it need not be the predominant purpose in the sense that the defendant needs to be activated by malevolence : the pursuit of self-interest by unlawful means is actionable .
like the established economic torts , this is a tort of intention and it is thought that the conduct of the defendant must have the plaintiff as its target though it need not be the predominant purpose in the sense that the defendant needs to be [started] by malevolence : the pursuit of self-interest by unlawful means is actionable .

The selectivity may not need to be absolute — for example , if the promoter is specifically activated in breast epithelial tissue it may be possible to produce a ‘ genetic mastectomy , ’ effectively destroying all normal as well as malignant breast cells .
the selectivity may not need to be absolute — for example , if the promoter is specifically [started] in breast epithelial tissue it may be possible to produce a ‘ genetic mastectomy , ’ effectively destroying all normal as well as malignant breast cells .

The window of opportunity for survival from sudden cardiac arrest is narrow , the best chance occurring when the emergency medical services are activated first so that a defibrillator can be brought in good time .
the window of opportunity for survival from sudden cardiac arrest is narrow , the best chance occurring when the emergency medical services are [started] first so that a defibrillator can be brought in good time .

Interpretation of words with more than one meaning ( like nails or seal ) is determined by the schema activated to make sense of the discourse ( Lehnert 1979:80 ) .
interpretation of words with more than one meaning ( like nails or seal ) is determined by the schema [started] to make sense of the discourse ( lehnert 1979:80 ) .

The schema activated by the opening leads to one interpretation of ‘ nails ’ and ‘ seal ’ — a phenomenon referred to in Artificial Intelligence as expectation driven understanding — and the schema is upset by an unexpected continuation , probably making you reread .
the schema [started] by the opening leads to one interpretation of ‘ nails ’ and ‘ seal ’ — a phenomenon referred to in artificial intelligence as expectation driven understanding — and the schema is upset by an unexpected continuation , probably making you reread .

( Speakers do , of course , remind each other of knowledge which they share , in order to make that knowledge part of the activated context of discourse , as McCawley ( 1979 ) points out . )
( speakers do , of course , remind each other of knowledge which they share , in order to make that knowledge part of the [started] context of discourse , as mccawley ( 1979 ) points out . )

Those aspects of the context which are directly reflected in the text , and which need to be called upon to interpret the text , we shall refer to as activated features of context and suggest that they constitute the contextual framework within which the topic is constituted , that is , the topic framework .
those aspects of the context which are directly reflected in the text , and which need to be called upon to interpret the text , we shall refer to as [started] features of context and suggest that they constitute the contextual framework within which the topic is constituted , that is , the topic framework .

In relating contextual features to a particular speech event , however , we are particularly interested in only those activated features of context pertaining to the fragment of discourse being studied .
in relating contextual features to a particular speech event , however , we are particularly interested in only those [started] features of context pertaining to the fragment of discourse being studied .

As a first approximation , then , we could produce a partial representation of a ‘ framework ’ for extract ( 5 ) in terms of the following set of activated contextual features .
as a first approximation , then , we could produce a partial representation of a ‘ framework ’ for extract ( 5 ) in terms of the following set of [started] contextual features .

already activated for both participants because they have been mentioned in the preceding conversation .
already [started] for both participants because they have been mentioned in the preceding conversation .

Notice that we have concentrated on only those elements which are activated , that is , relevant to the interpretation of what is said .
notice that we have concentrated on only those elements which are [started] , that is , relevant to the interpretation of what is said .

We are describing only that activated part which is required in the analysis of the discourse fragment under consideration .
we are describing only that [started] part which is required in the analysis of the discourse fragment under consideration .

If , in a stretch of conversational discourse , the participants involved can be independently known to have potential discourse subjects such as ‘ the Queen ’ , ‘ the Pope ’ , or even ‘ the King of Siam ’ , within their shared presupposition pool , but do not mention the individuals , so identified , in their conversation , it is surely unnecessary to refer to those individuals in the analysis of that particular discourse fragment They are , in our terms , not ‘ activated ’ .
if , in a stretch of conversational discourse , the participants involved can be independently known to have potential discourse subjects such as ‘ the queen ’ , ‘ the pope ’ , or even ‘ the king of siam ’ , within their shared presupposition pool , but do not mention the individuals , so identified , in their conversation , it is surely unnecessary to refer to those individuals in the analysis of that particular discourse fragment they are , in our terms , not ‘ [started] ’ .

The topic framework , as we have described it , represents the area of overlap in the knowledge which has been activated and is shared by the participants at a particular point in a discourse .
the topic framework , as we have described it , represents the area of overlap in the knowledge which has been [started] and is shared by the participants at a particular point in a discourse .

Standing rigging is Navtec discontinuous rod and the backstay tension is controlled by a Navtec hydraulic ram activated by a pump on the fore side of the wheel pedestal .
standing rigging is navtec discontinuous rod and the backstay tension is controlled by a navtec hydraulic ram [started] by a pump on the fore side of the wheel pedestal .

It appeared that the excitement of seeing me had activated Cedric 's weakness .
it appeared that the excitement of seeing me had [started] cedric 's weakness .

Also , amplified hearing aids are bringing fresh hope to the chronically deaf , and a new device called a handtapper means they can put their hands on a moulded plate and receive manual signals activated on a keyboard many miles away .
also , amplified hearing aids are bringing fresh hope to the chronically deaf , and a new device called a handtapper means they can put their hands on a moulded plate and receive manual signals [started] on a keyboard many miles away .

But it comes with a very annoying gyrating sound as the mirror , activated by the music source , vibrates to reflect the light beam on to a wall or ceiling .
but it comes with a very annoying gyrating sound as the mirror , [started] by the music source , vibrates to reflect the light beam on to a wall or ceiling .

Barycz locked the door of the communications room , then went to his desk and activated the screen .
barycz locked the door of the communications room , then went to his desk and [started] the screen .

Activated by his body heat , the onboard systems began to power up .
[started] by his body heat , the onboard systems began to power up .

Bishop activated a commdesk and punched in the requisite code .
bishop [started] a commdesk and punched in the requisite code .

Ideally , you should use factors 12 to 15 for the first few days , while your skin 's natural defences are being activated ( the body produces more pigment cells , or melanin , and skin begins to thicken , which can take up to 48 hours to start becoming effective ) .
ideally , you should use factors 12 to 15 for the first few days , while your skin 's natural defences are being [started] ( the body produces more pigment cells , or melanin , and skin begins to thicken , which can take up to 48 hours to start becoming effective ) .

It took Donna a moment or two to realize that it had been activated by some kind of electric eye .
it took donna a moment or two to realize that it had been [started] by some kind of electric eye .

The icons are generally activated by an on-screen pointer controlled by a mouse or trackball .
the icons are generally [started] by an on-screen pointer controlled by a mouse or trackball .

Electrically activated signals worked by small switches and interlocked with the points they controlled were first introduced by Sykes at Penge in 1875 and were the forerunner of large electro-mechanical signalling systems in which electrically actuated signals controlled by small slides were introduced , with lever-controlled points actuated by rodding .
electrically [started] signals worked by small switches and interlocked with the points they controlled were first introduced by sykes at penge in 1875 and were the forerunner of large electro-mechanical signalling systems in which electrically actuated signals controlled by small slides were introduced , with lever-controlled points actuated by rodding .

The consequence of presenting any printed word , then , will be that a number of logogens will receive varying degrees of evidence — these logogens will be activated to different levels .
the consequence of presenting any printed word , then , will be that a number of logogens will receive varying degrees of evidence — these logogens will be [started] to different levels .

This additional activation of cat might cause the logogen for cot to be more highly activated than the correct logogen for cot : cot would be incorrectly identified as cat .
this additional activation of cat might cause the logogen for cot to be more highly [started] than the correct logogen for cot : cot would be incorrectly identified as cat .

If the word is re-presented within that period , it will be recognised unusually rapidly , because its logogen will still be relatively strongly activated , and hence very little evidence need be collected for threshold level to be reached .
if the word is re-presented within that period , it will be recognised unusually rapidly , because its logogen will still be relatively strongly [started] , and hence very little evidence need be collected for threshold level to be reached .

Each link is either excitatory or inhibitory , and , again inhibition is decisive : a single inhibitory input is sufficient to prevent a word detector from being activated , no matter how many excitatory inputs it receives .
each link is either excitatory or inhibitory , and , again inhibition is decisive : a single inhibitory input is sufficient to prevent a word detector from being [started] , no matter how many excitatory inputs it receives .

In contrast , when the target is a word , both letter and word detectors will be activated .
in contrast , when the target is a word , both letter and word detectors will be [started] .

The auditory word detectors are activated by input from a spoken word , and an essential aspect of the model is that this activation begins as soon as the first sounds in the word are heard .
the auditory word detectors are [started] by input from a spoken word , and an essential aspect of the model is that this activation begins as soon as the first sounds in the word are heard .

An alternative to this view is that identification does not begin until an entire word has been heard , so that only one word detector is activated for each word .
an alternative to this view is that identification does not begin until an entire word has been heard , so that only one word detector is [started] for each word .

According to the cohort model , however , as soon as the first part of the word has been heard , all the detectors for words beginning with this initial sound are activated .
according to the cohort model , however , as soon as the first part of the word has been heard , all the detectors for words beginning with this initial sound are [started] .

all word detectors are equally activated before a spoken word actually begins .
all word detectors are equally [started] before a spoken word actually begins .

For example , if the first phoneme of the word is /p/ , all detectors for words not beginning with /p/ are switched off , leaving only detectors for the word-initial cohort activated .
for example , if the first phoneme of the word is /p/ , all detectors for words not beginning with /p/ are switched off , leaving only detectors for the word-initial cohort [started] .

At any point while the word is being spoken , the set of detectors which remain activated is known as the cohort .
at any point while the word is being spoken , the set of detectors which remain [started] is known as the cohort .

As more and more of the presented word is heard , the size of this cohort will shrink , until eventually only one word detector remains activated .
as more and more of the presented word is heard , the size of this cohort will shrink , until eventually only one word detector remains [started] .

It is likely that very severe environmental damage would be done if parts of this reserve were activated .
it is likely that very severe environmental damage would be done if parts of this reserve were [started] .

It is likely that very severe environmental damage would be done if parts of this reserve were activated .
it is likely that very severe environmental damage would be done if parts of this reserve were [started] .

Individual dealings may not cause a Rule to be broken or activated unless or until they are aggregated .
individual dealings may not cause a rule to be broken or [started] unless or until they are aggregated .

It can only be activated when a false statement actually damages a reputation .
it can only be [started] when a false statement actually damages a reputation .

An honest belief will always defeat an allegation of malice , unless the plaintiff can prove that the honestly mistaken defendant was activated mainly by a desire to injure the plaintiff or to obtain an improper personal advantage .
an honest belief will always defeat an allegation of malice , unless the plaintiff can prove that the honestly mistaken defendant was [started] mainly by a desire to injure the plaintiff or to obtain an improper personal advantage .

Her defences were already activated and registering red alert , and he had n't said a word yet !
her defences were already [started] and registering red alert , and he had n't said a word yet !

Such ancient lines of weakness are apparently more readily activated than adjacent crust and consequently are favoured sites for later faulting and rift development .
such ancient lines of weakness are apparently more readily [started] than adjacent crust and consequently are favoured sites for later faulting and rift development .

This is hardly surprising since temporary equilibrium models lack a coherently articulated theory of interest which would allow the Keynes effect to be activated .
this is hardly surprising since temporary equilibrium models lack a coherently articulated theory of interest which would allow the keynes effect to be [started] .

The latter is activated by Rules of Court .
the latter is [started] by rules of court .

And the Pioneers were right to see in the dispossession by the consumer interest of the rights of the workers in the Manufacturing Society as a fundamental change of Co-operative purpose and as implying the acceptance of a much more limited expectation for it , but wrong not to recognise that that change , that limitation inhered in the idea of a dividend itself : for that , more than anything else , activated the potential conflict of interest created by the differing functions — that of workers making things for sale and that of consumers buying them to use .
and the pioneers were right to see in the dispossession by the consumer interest of the rights of the workers in the manufacturing society as a fundamental change of co-operative purpose and as implying the acceptance of a much more limited expectation for it , but wrong not to recognise that that change , that limitation inhered in the idea of a dividend itself : for that , more than anything else , [started] the potential conflict of interest created by the differing functions — that of workers making things for sale and that of consumers buying them to use .

The bleeper clipped to Whitlock 's belt suddenly activated and he was quick to silence it .
the bleeper clipped to whitlock 's belt suddenly [started] and he was quick to silence it .

Whitlock activated the switch on the dashboard and the glass slid into place , sealing off the back and front seats of the car .
whitlock [started] the switch on the dashboard and the glass slid into place , sealing off the back and front seats of the car .

Whitlock activated the window and clasped his hand over his chest .
whitlock [started] the window and clasped his hand over his chest .

The only access was through a sliding metal door which could only be activated by punching a code into the bellpush on the adjacent wall .
the only access was through a sliding metal door which could only be [started] by punching a code into the bellpush on the adjacent wall .

The Sony machines , which were activated by the sound of voices , had recorded everything said in the White House , including the President 's conversations with visiting foreign leaders .
the sony machines , which were [started] by the sound of voices , had recorded everything said in the white house , including the president 's conversations with visiting foreign leaders .

However he continues , it would be wrong simply to seek an account of actual practices within `` critical `` work : instead , it is necessary to attend to the `` disjointed and episodic philosophy `` which is activated in the course of ordinary teaching .
however he continues , it would be wrong simply to seek an account of actual practices within `` critical `` work : instead , it is necessary to attend to the `` disjointed and episodic philosophy `` which is [started] in the course of ordinary teaching .

But there is obvious weakness in a system for controlling the government which can only be activated by a member of that government .
but there is obvious weakness in a system for controlling the government which can only be [started] by a member of that government .

Sweat glands are activated
sweat glands are [started]

The use of activated silica `` as an addition to the alum coagulant gives speedier flocculation and a more stable floc , so that it is employed fairly extensively .
the use of [started] silica `` as an addition to the alum coagulant gives speedier flocculation and a more stable floc , so that it is employed fairly extensively .

The activated silica is prepared by the addition to a solution containing 1.5–1.8 % sodium silicate of an acid to bring the pH down to 5 .
the [started] silica is prepared by the addition to a solution containing 1.5–1.8 % sodium silicate of an acid to bring the ph down to 5 .

Some researchers have attempted to model typical human knowledge sources in the form of ’ scripts ’ that could be activated , like human knowledge sources , when deemed relevant .
some researchers have attempted to model typical human knowledge sources in the form of ’ scripts ’ that could be [started] , like human knowledge sources , when deemed relevant .

However , there is no reliable algorithm for the identification of relevant scripts , or when the new scripts should be activated , or how detailed they should be ( or indeed how they could be efficiently acquired ) .
however , there is no reliable algorithm for the identification of relevant scripts , or when the new scripts should be [started] , or how detailed they should be ( or indeed how they could be efficiently acquired ) .

During a normal immune response , immune cells ( white blood cells/ lymphocytes ) become activated and secrete a variety of small protein molecules which help to induce the stimulation of nearby lymphocytes to become active against foreign or abnormal cells .
during a normal immune response , immune cells ( white blood cells/ lymphocytes ) become [started] and secrete a variety of small protein molecules which help to induce the stimulation of nearby lymphocytes to become active against foreign or abnormal cells .

The discovery that high doses of interleukin-2 could stimulate lymphocytes to become activated against cancer cells generated much interest and , after a number of experimental successes , it was tried on patients with cancer .
the discovery that high doses of interleukin-2 could stimulate lymphocytes to become [started] against cancer cells generated much interest and , after a number of experimental successes , it was tried on patients with cancer .

Unlike the Law Commission the Criminal Law Revision Committee was a standing committee that was only activated as a result of specific references by the Home Secretary .
unlike the law commission the criminal law revision committee was a standing committee that was only [started] as a result of specific references by the home secretary .

Unlike a probation order , which was not regarded as a sentence of the Court , a suspended sentence ranked not merely as a sentence , but as a sentence of imprisonment , with a condition attached which activated the element of custodial confinement only if another offence was committed within a stated period of not less than one year nor more than two ( originally three ) years .
unlike a probation order , which was not regarded as a sentence of the court , a suspended sentence ranked not merely as a sentence , but as a sentence of imprisonment , with a condition attached which [started] the element of custodial confinement only if another offence was committed within a stated period of not less than one year nor more than two ( originally three ) years .

Add the previously activated yeast .
add the previously [started] yeast .

Although this conception seems to focus on courts , where ‘ justice is activated into legality ’ , its impact is more wide-ranging :
although this conception seems to focus on courts , where ‘ justice is [started] into legality ’ , its impact is more wide-ranging :

The president 's television addresses activated grass-roots support in members ' districts , but administration strategists were not content to leave the matter there .
the president 's television addresses [started] grass-roots support in members ' districts , but administration strategists were not content to leave the matter there .

How useful is activated charcoal ?
how useful is [started] charcoal ?

The lack of satisfactory studies on the use of activated charcoal in reducing drug absorption in poisoned patients is largely because the task is so difficult .
the lack of satisfactory studies on the use of [started] charcoal in reducing drug absorption in poisoned patients is largely because the task is so difficult .

Comparative studies in volunteers have shown that activated charcoal is better than either syrup of ipecacuanha or gastric lavage in reducing drug absorption .
comparative studies in volunteers have shown that [started] charcoal is better than either syrup of ipecacuanha or gastric lavage in reducing drug absorption .

Turning to the third question , repeat doses of activated charcoal are thought to act in several ways .
turning to the third question , repeat doses of [started] charcoal are thought to act in several ways .

More information is required before gastric lavage can be abandoned completely in favour of giving activated charcoal , but a reasonable alternative to lavage could be to give 50–100 g of activated charcoal to adults who have taken a substantial overdose of a toxic substance no more than two hours previously .
more information is required before gastric lavage can be abandoned completely in favour of giving [started] charcoal , but a reasonable alternative to lavage could be to give 50–100 g of [started] charcoal to adults who have taken a substantial overdose of a toxic substance no more than two hours previously .

Repeated doses of oral activated charcoal have not yet been shown to reduce morbidity and mortality .
repeated doses of oral [started] charcoal have not yet been shown to reduce morbidity and mortality .

Each of the groups possessed the necessary prior knowledge , but only one group had that knowledge activated .
each of the groups possessed the necessary prior knowledge , but only one group had that knowledge [started] .

What we can say instead , unmysteriously , is that putting in the coin , like every other putting-in of a coin , activated the indeterministic mechanism .
what we can say instead , unmysteriously , is that putting in the coin , like every other putting-in of a coin , [started] the indeterministic mechanism .

This line is voice activated and enables the caller to select which information they require .
this line is voice [started] and enables the caller to select which information they require .

Rust closed the door by remote control then activated his mechanized wheelchair and approached them .
rust closed the door by remote control then [started] his mechanized wheelchair and approached them .

In addition a recently identified group of pain afferents ( usually functionally dormant and called ‘ sleeping nociceptors ’ ) has been shown to be activated by inflammation and may contribute to peripheral sensitisation to pain after injury .
in addition a recently identified group of pain afferents ( usually functionally dormant and called ‘ sleeping nociceptors ’ ) has been shown to be [started] by inflammation and may contribute to peripheral sensitisation to pain after injury .

The operation lag More time may elapse before the activated policy instruments exert their full impact on targets and then employment , prices , and the other macroeconomic objectives .
the operation lag more time may elapse before the [started] policy instruments exert their full impact on targets and then employment , prices , and the other macroeconomic objectives .

As soon as the spill occurred — caused by a fractured ballast pipe passing through the Fonny 's product tanks — emergency shutdown valves on the jetty were activated — and essential staff were alerted .
as soon as the spill occurred — caused by a fractured ballast pipe passing through the fonny 's product tanks — emergency shutdown valves on the jetty were [started] — and essential staff were alerted .

At the first sign of mouse activity the control panel indicates with both visual and audible alarm signals where the sensor has been activated , and a quick response by a Rentokil serviceman enables the intruder to be dealt with before harm is done .
at the first sign of mouse activity the control panel indicates with both visual and audible alarm signals where the sensor has been [started] , and a quick response by a rentokil serviceman enables the intruder to be dealt with before harm is done .

It was also agreed that the same card could be used to operate the locks which have already been installed on doors within the foyer , although not so far activated .
it was also agreed that the same card could be used to operate the locks which have already been installed on doors within the foyer , although not so far [started] .

Would the Shaws be willing to be activated ?
would the shaws be willing to be [started] ?

The presence in the diet of carcinogens or pro-carcinogens is probably one important environmental factor and these carcinogens and pro-carcinogens can be either activated or deactivated by xenobiotic metabolising enzymes present in the colon .
the presence in the diet of carcinogens or pro-carcinogens is probably one important environmental factor and these carcinogens and pro-carcinogens can be either [started] or deactivated by xenobiotic metabolising enzymes present in the colon .

Activated macrophages are prominent in the inflammatory infiltrate in both ulcerative colitis and Crohn 's disease .
[started] macrophages are prominent in the inflammatory infiltrate in both ulcerative colitis and crohn 's disease .

Proto-oncogenes activated in tumours derived from a particular haemopoietic lineage are often functionally altered or ectopically expressed .
proto-oncogenes [started] in tumours derived from a particular haemopoietic lineage are often functionally altered or ectopically expressed .

Gallo noted that virus replicated faster in an activated cell where deoxyribonucleotides are in plentiful supply .
gallo noted that virus replicated faster in an [started] cell where deoxyribonucleotides are in plentiful supply .

The effect of hexamethonium indicates that a cholinergic synapse is present in the secretory nervous reflux activated by inflammation .
the effect of hexamethonium indicates that a cholinergic synapse is present in the secretory nervous reflux [started] by inflammation .

The name of the package via which the DCs are to be activated .
the name of the package via which the dcs are to be [started] .

The identifiers of the new DCs to be activated via this package can be entered in the scrolled area , up to the maximum indicated .
the identifiers of the new dcs to be [started] via this package can be entered in the scrolled area , up to the maximum indicated .

The time at which the next Offline Cycle will be activated at the Operator terminal .
the time at which the next offline cycle will be [started] at the operator terminal .

DC(s) activated successfully
dc(s) [started] successfully

The Design Changes ( DCs ) specified have been successfully activated via the given package .
the design changes ( dcs ) specified have been successfully [started] via the given package .

Reduce the number of DCs to be activated via the package to 10 .
reduce the number of dcs to be [started] via the package to 10 .

The remaining DCs can be activated on the next issue of the package .
the remaining dcs can be [started] on the next issue of the package .

The King 's approval of the document was a major step in Nepal 's path to political reform activated by a campaign of mass pro-democracy agitation during February-April 1990 [ see pp .
the king 's approval of the document was a major step in nepal 's path to political reform [started] by a campaign of mass pro-democracy agitation during february-april 1990 [ see pp .

Although the scheme has not been activated since December 1979 , it remains available as a method of withdrawing cash from the banking system .
although the scheme has not been [started] since december 1979 , it remains available as a method of withdrawing cash from the banking system .

Margery Kempe witnesses to the way in which the visual icons of the Easter ceremonies activated her inner sense of the reality of the Incarnation .
margery kempe witnesses to the way in which the visual icons of the easter ceremonies [started] her inner sense of the reality of the incarnation .

The other option is to have it resident at all times but is activated only when you want a fax converting .
the other option is to have it resident at all times but is [started] only when you want a fax converting .

External programs can be activated without terminating MegaCAD .
external programs can be [started] without terminating megacad .

The control panel is activated by ‘ double clicking ’ on the control panel icon .
the control panel is [started] by ‘ double clicking ’ on the control panel icon .

Whilst the window is reduced to an icon , none of the program icons within the window can be activated .
whilst the window is reduced to an icon , none of the program icons within the window can be [started] .

When the window fills the screen the upwards facing arrow changes to a double headed arrow which , when activated , returns the window to its previous size .
when the window fills the screen the upwards facing arrow changes to a double headed arrow which , when [started] , returns the window to its previous size .

Marnya occasionally activated it for Cley .
marnya occasionally [started] it for cley .

Boiling over is now a thing of the past , dye bath levels are constantly monitored and an alarm is activated if any problems arise .
boiling over is now a thing of the past , dye bath levels are constantly monitored and an alarm is [started] if any problems arise .

But whether , how , where and when these underlying instincts are activated is a social ( or what the biologists would call a ‘ cultural ’ ) matter .
but whether , how , where and when these underlying instincts are [started] is a social ( or what the biologists would call a ‘ cultural ’ ) matter .

As we discuss in Chapter 6 , a better way to envisage such imperatives is as latent : waiting , as it were , to be activated by the social and political relations and contexts in which people are living .
as we discuss in chapter 6 , a better way to envisage such imperatives is as latent : waiting , as it were , to be [started] by the social and political relations and contexts in which people are living .

Most units need to be on an outside wall or ducted to vent outdoors but others can be bought which are ventless , recirculating the air through activated charcoal filters which should be changed regularly .
most units need to be on an outside wall or ducted to vent outdoors but others can be bought which are ventless , recirculating the air through [started] charcoal filters which should be changed regularly .

When an object is recognised and comprehended , a large amount of associated knowledge is activated .
when an object is recognised and comprehended , a large amount of associated knowledge is [started] .

The research aims to find out the contribution of the different types of activated information for the successful production of the object 's name .
the research aims to find out the contribution of the different types of [started] information for the successful production of the object 's name .

The technique can be employed to investigate which interpretation of homographs is activated by presenting ambiguous primes followed by words related to one or other meaning .
the technique can be employed to investigate which interpretation of homographs is [started] by presenting ambiguous primes followed by words related to one or other meaning .

Faster responses will only be found for the activated meaning
faster responses will only be found for the [started] meaning

The works comprises an old works designed to Royal Commission standards completed in 1965 , being the first activated sludge plant in West Lothian and a new works with similar process completed in 1975 .
the works comprises an old works designed to royal commission standards completed in 1965 , being the first [started] sludge plant in west lothian and a new works with similar process completed in 1975 .

It was the 30th veto of Bush 's presidency and the sixth to have been activated by the issue of abortion .
it was the 30th veto of bush 's presidency and the sixth to have been [started] by the issue of abortion .

There were occasions when a London crowd was activated by wider considerations .
there were occasions when a london crowd was [started] by wider considerations .

And , as far as extra-familial effects are concerned : `` Fertility change is only one possible response to a mortality change , and whether it is activated undoubtedly depends upon many conditioning factors in the society . ``
and , as far as extra-familial effects are concerned : `` fertility change is only one possible response to a mortality change , and whether it is [started] undoubtedly depends upon many conditioning factors in the society . ``

Therefore , activated neutrophils may contribute to tissue damage at sites of inflammation .
therefore , [started] neutrophils may contribute to tissue damage at sites of inflammation .

In white blood cells , fibroblasts and in various invertebrate cells , several agents which induce cell proliferation activate Na/H exchange ; the exchanger is also spontaneously activated in some tumour cell lines .
in white blood cells , fibroblasts and in various invertebrate cells , several agents which induce cell proliferation activate na/h exchange ; the exchanger is also spontaneously [started] in some tumour cell lines .

This suggests that some mechanisms modulating cGMP production whole cells can not be activated in cell free systems .
this suggests that some mechanisms modulating cgmp production whole cells can not be [started] in cell free systems .

Superoxide and hydrogen peroxide increase mucosal and vascular permeability , are involved in the recruitment and activation of neutrophils , and are precursors of the more damaging hydroxyl radical ( via Fenton chemistry ) and hypochlorite ( via the action of myeloperoxidase released by activated neurtophils ) .
superoxide and hydrogen peroxide increase mucosal and vascular permeability , are involved in the recruitment and activation of neutrophils , and are precursors of the more damaging hydroxyl radical ( via fenton chemistry ) and hypochlorite ( via the action of myeloperoxidase released by [started] neurtophils ) .

The data are consistent with detailed histopathological assessment showing that the mucosal neutrophils in ulcerative colitis are activated and show ultrastructural evidence of phagocytosis and granular extrusion .
the data are consistent with detailed histopathological assessment showing that the mucosal neutrophils in ulcerative colitis are [started] and show ultrastructural evidence of phagocytosis and granular extrusion .

Readings were taken only at one minute intervals , and therefore saturation values may have fallen lower inbetween , although the automatic alarm set at 85 % was never activated .
readings were taken only at one minute intervals , and therefore saturation values may have fallen lower inbetween , although the automatic alarm set at 85 % was never [started] .

The incidence of coagulopathy ( prolongation of the prothrombin time or activated partial thromboplastin time ) after peritoneovenous shunting in patients with malignant ascites is 0 % to 10 % .
the incidence of coagulopathy ( prolongation of the prothrombin time or [started] partial thromboplastin time ) after peritoneovenous shunting in patients with malignant ascites is 0 % to 10 % .

Originally described as retroviral genes responsible for in vitro cell transformation and the development of certain animal tumours ( v-onc ) , homologs have subsequently been identified in normal human cells ( proto-oncogenes ) and , in activated form , in human tumours ( cpones ) .
originally described as retroviral genes responsible for in vitro cell transformation and the development of certain animal tumours ( v-onc ) , homologs have subsequently been identified in normal human cells ( proto-oncogenes ) and , in [started] form , in human tumours ( cpones ) .

One of these combinations is p53 and c-ras , both frequently activated in large bowel cancers .
one of these combinations is p53 and c-ras , both frequently [started] in large bowel cancers .

Activated charcoal is a non-specific adsorbent used for treatment of most ingested poisons and for haemofiltration for endotoxaemia .
[started] charcoal is a non-specific adsorbent used for treatment of most ingested poisons and for haemofiltration for endotoxaemia .

They demonstrated the capacity of kaolin , kaopectate , bentonite ( aluminium silicate ) , and carbomedicinalis ( activated charcoal ) to blind endotoxin in vitro .
they demonstrated the capacity of kaolin , kaopectate , bentonite ( aluminium silicate ) , and carbomedicinalis ( [started] charcoal ) to blind endotoxin in vitro .

In colon carcinomas urokinase type plasminogen activator is predominantly found in the inactive proenzyme form ( sc-u-PA ) , which can be activated in the presence of plasmin .
in colon carcinomas urokinase type plasminogen activator is predominantly found in the inactive proenzyme form ( sc-u-pa ) , which can be [started] in the presence of plasmin .

The results of the present investigation agree with those of previous studies indicating that immune mechanisms are activated in cow 's milk allergy , and further extend these findings to unrelated dietary antigens encountered by the enteral route .
the results of the present investigation agree with those of previous studies indicating that immune mechanisms are [started] in cow 's milk allergy , and further extend these findings to unrelated dietary antigens encountered by the enteral route .

After emigration , mononuclear phagocytes may remain as immobile tissue macrophages for several months until they are stimulated or activated .
after emigration , mononuclear phagocytes may remain as immobile tissue macrophages for several months until they are stimulated or [started] .

Histological examination of the material showed normal mucosa with frequent appearance of secondary ( activated ) lymphoid follicles in Peyer 's patches .
histological examination of the material showed normal mucosa with frequent appearance of secondary ( [started] ) lymphoid follicles in peyer 's patches .

The vacuoles appearing in these cells during infusion of caerulein contain activated lysosomal enzymes which in turn may activate the digestive enzymes leading to cell destruction and presumably to leakage of these enzymes into the interstitial tissue ( where they produce inflammation ) and into the blood .
the vacuoles appearing in these cells during infusion of caerulein contain [started] lysosomal enzymes which in turn may activate the digestive enzymes leading to cell destruction and presumably to leakage of these enzymes into the interstitial tissue ( where they produce inflammation ) and into the blood .

The presence of mRNA for lysozyme in normal colon is compatible with previous suggestions that colonic macrophages are normally activated as a result of the transepithelial passage of bacterial products .
the presence of mrna for lysozyme in normal colon is compatible with previous suggestions that colonic macrophages are normally [started] as a result of the transepithelial passage of bacterial products .

Flames of doubt were fanned by the crew 's insistence that they had activated the emergency radio beacon for a week , though it was not picked up .
flames of doubt were fanned by the crew 's insistence that they had [started] the emergency radio beacon for a week , though it was not picked up .

Returning to higher mammals , you will recall that fibres entering the primary visual cortex are best activated by spots of light with dark surrounds on the retina .
returning to higher mammals , you will recall that fibres entering the primary visual cortex are best [started] by spots of light with dark surrounds on the retina .

Moreover , Zuwaya and Magharba thought that their larger groupings were temporary : activated to demand compensation , they then relapsed into the noumenon , leaving households to go about their business ; revenues from taxes were not kept in a fisc , but allocated to household budgets — and so on .
moreover , zuwaya and magharba thought that their larger groupings were temporary : [started] to demand compensation , they then relapsed into the noumenon , leaving households to go about their business ; revenues from taxes were not kept in a fisc , but allocated to household budgets — and so on .

Karpov decided to enter an end game in the hope of relieving the pressure , but Short skilfully took control of the only open file on the board with both his rooks and activated the king and advanced his pawn majority on the queenside .
karpov decided to enter an end game in the hope of relieving the pressure , but short skilfully took control of the only open file on the board with both his rooks and [started] the king and advanced his pawn majority on the queenside .

She was activated by something in between .
she was [started] by something in between .

One squeeze and you 've strafed even the most determined of creases out of existence : a separate jet of steam , which is activated by a button on top of the handle , is useful for sniper attacks on hard-to-defeat cuff wrinkles .
one squeeze and you 've strafed even the most determined of creases out of existence : a separate jet of steam , which is [started] by a button on top of the handle , is useful for sniper attacks on hard-to-defeat cuff wrinkles .

The same is not the case in the Republic of Ireland with plans already activated to provide proper links to ports .
the same is not the case in the republic of ireland with plans already [started] to provide proper links to ports .

Such ‘ wired-in ’ behavioural programmes controlled by neuronal pacemakers are innate response repertoires activated endogenously or in relation to shifts in local conditions .
such ‘ wired-in ’ behavioural programmes controlled by neuronal pacemakers are innate response repertoires [started] endogenously or in relation to shifts in local conditions .

Two other plans , not activated in the present dispute , were also drawn up .
two other plans , not [started] in the present dispute , were also drawn up .

Once the machine is activated , either by coins or cards , a hydraulic lift places a plate with the selected food into a microwave for defrosting .
once the machine is [started] , either by coins or cards , a hydraulic lift places a plate with the selected food into a microwave for defrosting .

The quality — or modality — of the experience depends less upon the quality of energy reaching the nervous system than upon which parts of the sensory system are activated : stimulation of the retinal receptors causes an experience of light ; stimulation of the receptors in the inner ear gives rise to the experience of sound ; and so on .
the quality — or modality — of the experience depends less upon the quality of energy reaching the nervous system than upon which parts of the sensory system are [started] : stimulation of the retinal receptors causes an experience of light ; stimulation of the receptors in the inner ear gives rise to the experience of sound ; and so on .

At a neurophysiological level , the intensity of an experience is typically reflected in the number of neurones activated ( the phenomenon of ‘ recruitment ’ ) and , more specifically , in the firing frequency of the relevant neurones .
at a neurophysiological level , the intensity of an experience is typically reflected in the number of neurones [started] ( the phenomenon of ‘ recruitment ’ ) and , more specifically , in the firing frequency of the relevant neurones .

Extensity ( for example the size of a patch of light ) usually correlates with the number and spatial distribution of receptors activated .
extensity ( for example the size of a patch of light ) usually correlates with the number and spatial distribution of receptors [started] .

Whilst a prospective burglar might fumbling with the clock and wondering why it wo n't lift , his movement will have activated the pressure pad which controls an audible alarm giving out 85dbs .
whilst a prospective burglar might fumbling with the clock and wondering why it wo n't lift , his movement will have [started] the pressure pad which controls an audible alarm giving out 85dbs .

The unit will automatically activate if submerged , but should be activated prior to diving , either by immersing it in water or placing moistened fingertips on the two on contacts .
the unit will automatically activate if submerged , but should be [started] prior to diving , either by immersing it in water or placing moistened fingertips on the two on contacts .

Sure enough , the twenty-minute time pencils activated the detonators and up went the aircraft .
sure enough , the twenty-minute time pencils [started] the detonators and up went the aircraft .

He had smelt burning and realized that the time pencil in one of their bombs had activated .
he had smelt burning and realized that the time pencil in one of their bombs had [started] .

They duly processed the information and despatched warning letters stating that offenders had five days to make a payment arrangement — with a 10 per cent surcharge — before a court order , a summary warrant , was activated .
they duly processed the information and despatched warning letters stating that offenders had five days to make a payment arrangement — with a 10 per cent surcharge — before a court order , a summary warrant , was [started] .

Melanin producing cells in our bodies are activated by ultraviolet light from the sun and can have a protective effect .
melanin producing cells in our bodies are [started] by ultraviolet light from the sun and can have a protective effect .

When you remember something , the chemistry is the same each time — every time you see Mr Jones , the same pathway is activated .
when you remember something , the chemistry is the same each time — every time you see mr jones , the same pathway is [started] .

If the compounds are toxic , though , the off-gases may have to be collected and treated , probably by passing them through a granular activated carbon absorber .
if the compounds are toxic , though , the off-gases may have to be collected and treated , probably by passing them through a granular [started] carbon absorber .

Three examples of pretreatment unit operations are air stripping , activated carbon adsorption , and metals removals .
three examples of pretreatment unit operations are air stripping , [started] carbon adsorption , and metals removals .

the air , laden with volatile compounds , can then either be treated ( activated carbon adsorption or incineration ) or , if allowable , released directly into the atmosphere .
the air , laden with volatile compounds , can then either be treated ( [started] carbon adsorption or incineration ) or , if allowable , released directly into the atmosphere .

Activated carbon adsorption .
[started] carbon adsorption .

Activated carbon has the ability to remove a wide variety of organic compounds from water and wastewater , even in trace quantities .
[started] carbon has the ability to remove a wide variety of organic compounds from water and wastewater , even in trace quantities .

The design of activated carbon adsorbers depends on the degree of equilibrium partitioning of pollutants between the aqueous phase and the sorbed state , and on the mass transfer rates of the contaminants to the activated carbon particles .
the design of [started] carbon adsorbers depends on the degree of equilibrium partitioning of pollutants between the aqueous phase and the sorbed state , and on the mass transfer rates of the contaminants to the [started] carbon particles .

Some potential uses of conventional biological reactors , in situ bioremediation , and activated carbon adsorption are summarised in Table 1 .
some potential uses of conventional biological reactors , in situ bioremediation , and [started] carbon adsorption are summarised in table 1 .

Petroleum wastes may be amenable to activated carbon adsorption if they are relatively small ; bulkier molecules , such as polynuclear aromatic hydrocarbons ( PAHs ) , are difficult to treat by adsorption due to size exclusion from the adsorbent 's micropores .
petroleum wastes may be amenable to [started] carbon adsorption if they are relatively small ; bulkier molecules , such as polynuclear aromatic hydrocarbons ( pahs ) , are difficult to treat by adsorption due to size exclusion from the adsorbent 's micropores .

The solvent is activated by water and will remain harmless unless moisture levels build up .
the solvent is [started] by water and will remain harmless unless moisture levels build up .

If subsequently a critical incident happens which is pertinent to the individual 's particular dysfunctional assumption , then , rather like a key fitting into a lock , the dysfunctional assumptions are activated .
if subsequently a critical incident happens which is pertinent to the individual 's particular dysfunctional assumption , then , rather like a key fitting into a lock , the dysfunctional assumptions are [started] .

Once activated , dysfunctional assumptions produce ‘ negative automatic thoughts ’ — ‘ negative ’ in that they are associated with unpleasant emotions and ‘ automatic ’ in that they pop into people 's heads rather than being the product of any deliberate reasoning process .
once [started] , dysfunctional assumptions produce ‘ negative automatic thoughts ’ — ‘ negative ’ in that they are associated with unpleasant emotions and ‘ automatic ’ in that they pop into people 's heads rather than being the product of any deliberate reasoning process .

To complete the uniformity of the pile , one of the wheels is fitted with an electric motor which when activated manually will pull back the elevator from the heap in increments down to 25mm ( 1in ) .
to complete the uniformity of the pile , one of the wheels is fitted with an electric motor which when [started] manually will pull back the elevator from the heap in increments down to 25mm ( 1in ) .

Pulling the car off the narrow country lane , Mark pressed the button which activated the power-operated windows .
pulling the car off the narrow country lane , mark pressed the button which [started] the power-operated windows .

The fulling mill had a large wheel , turned by the water power , which activated wooden hammers , rising and falling on the cloth in soapy water .
the fulling mill had a large wheel , turned by the water power , which [started] wooden hammers , rising and falling on the cloth in soapy water .

More specifically , the model makes the usual associative assumption that excitatory links will be established between representations ( of elements ) that are activated concurrently .
more specifically , the model makes the usual associative assumption that excitatory links will be established between representations ( of elements ) that are [started] concurrently .

It should be acknowledged that not all theories of Pavlovian learning are entirely happy with the suggestion that an associatively activated representation can form an excitatory link with the ( directly activated ) representation of some other event .
it should be acknowledged that not all theories of pavlovian learning are entirely happy with the suggestion that an associatively [started] representation can form an excitatory link with the ( directly [started] ) representation of some other event .

This clause has never yet been activated .
this clause has never yet been [started] .

Their limbs , torsos and heads can make straight , angled or rounded lines , usually at one and the same time , according to the natural structure of the dancers ' bones and how they are activated by the muscles .
their limbs , torsos and heads can make straight , angled or rounded lines , usually at one and the same time , according to the natural structure of the dancers ' bones and how they are [started] by the muscles .

As he approaches the garage door it swings open as if by magic — in fact by electricity , activated by a remote-control device in Vic 's pocket — a feat that never fails to give him a deep , childlike pleasure .
as he approaches the garage door it swings open as if by magic — in fact by electricity , [started] by a remote-control device in vic 's pocket — a feat that never fails to give him a deep , childlike pleasure .

Thinking there was too much water in the system , rather than too little , they turned off even the emergency cooling system which had by then been activated .
thinking there was too much water in the system , rather than too little , they turned off even the emergency cooling system which had by then been [started] .

Mature striated muscle cells make muscle-specific proteins and when such a cell is fused with a variety of other cell types which include liver and cartilage cells , then muscle-specific genes are activated in these cells leading to the production of muscle-specific proteins .
mature striated muscle cells make muscle-specific proteins and when such a cell is fused with a variety of other cell types which include liver and cartilage cells , then muscle-specific genes are [started] in these cells leading to the production of muscle-specific proteins .

Specific promoters are activated in specific cells .
specific promoters are [started] in specific cells .

If this cleaving or oneness is actually to occur , it must be activated by a commitment to intimacy , not just physical intimacy but spiritual and psychological intimacy as well .
if this cleaving or oneness is actually to occur , it must be [started] by a commitment to intimacy , not just physical intimacy but spiritual and psychological intimacy as well .

The microfilament system provides the contractile capacity for the release reaction seen in activated platelets ( Adelstein & Pollard , 1978 ) .
the microfilament system provides the contractile capacity for the release reaction seen in [started] platelets ( adelstein & pollard , 1978 ) .

Several adsorbents are available including silica gel , alumina , specially developed resins and activated carbon , the latter being the most important for odour removal , not being affected to the same extent by the presence of water vapour as are the other adsorbents .
several adsorbents are available including silica gel , alumina , specially developed resins and [started] carbon , the latter being the most important for odour removal , not being affected to the same extent by the presence of water vapour as are the other adsorbents .

Activated carbon , is formed by treating carbonaceous residues of coal , wood and shell in order to obtain a carbon with a surface covered both internally and externally with tiny pores of molecular dimension , which trap the odorous molecules yet allow free passage of other gases .
[started] carbon , is formed by treating carbonaceous residues of coal , wood and shell in order to obtain a carbon with a surface covered both internally and externally with tiny pores of molecular dimension , which trap the odorous molecules yet allow free passage of other gases .

Activated carbon tends to be used to treat low concentrations of highly odorous compounds or large concentrations of lesser odorous compounds which may or may not be toxic .
[started] carbon tends to be used to treat low concentrations of highly odorous compounds or large concentrations of lesser odorous compounds which may or may not be toxic .

They both knew that no timer could be relied upon to be that sensitive , that when he activated it , the chances were reasonable that it would detonate instantly — before he could throw it .
they both knew that no timer could be relied upon to be that sensitive , that when he [started] it , the chances were reasonable that it would detonate instantly — before he could throw it .

Researchers have now discovered that even by themselves , promoters can stimulate cells to produce activated forms of oxygen , known as ‘ free radicals ’ .
researchers have now discovered that even by themselves , promoters can stimulate cells to produce [started] forms of oxygen , known as ‘ free radicals ’ .

Foreign students who return home rise through the ranks quickly , but are often more familiar with activated sludge treatment , as used in Britain , than with simple ponds for the stabilisation of waste .
foreign students who return home rise through the ranks quickly , but are often more familiar with [started] sludge treatment , as used in britain , than with simple ponds for the stabilisation of waste .

But while these reports neatly confirm Kein 's and Hayward 's ideas about the activation of proto-oncogenes in leukaemias and lymphomas , they have also helped to unleash a surprisingly violent controversy about how the proto-oncogene is activated .
but while these reports neatly confirm kein 's and hayward 's ideas about the activation of proto-oncogenes in leukaemias and lymphomas , they have also helped to unleash a surprisingly violent controversy about how the proto-oncogene is [started] .

From these sites the activated lymphocytes circulate through the body .
from these sites the [started] lymphocytes circulate through the body .

Back at the site of the developing boil , there is a tremendous squeezing-in of activated lymphocytes and macrophages .
back at the site of the developing boil , there is a tremendous squeezing-in of [started] lymphocytes and macrophages .

The remainder seem to be there as bystanders , sharing only the characteristic that they are in an activated form .
the remainder seem to be there as bystanders , sharing only the characteristic that they are in an [started] form .

Lymphocytes make up the predominating population of cells in site of florid chronic inflammation with many of the cells in a metabolically activated form .
lymphocytes make up the predominating population of cells in site of florid chronic inflammation with many of the cells in a metabolically [started] form .

In order to seal off the source of nutrition it is necessary for the activated lymphocytes to gather round the blood vessels once they have used up the local resources .
in order to seal off the source of nutrition it is necessary for the [started] lymphocytes to gather round the blood vessels once they have used up the local resources .

The activated lymphocytes are able to use up glucose extremely quickly .
the [started] lymphocytes are able to use up glucose extremely quickly .

If the underlying cause persists , however , then a suffocating blanket of activated lymphocytes surrounds every new blood vessel .
if the underlying cause persists , however , then a suffocating blanket of [started] lymphocytes surrounds every new blood vessel .

If so , how are they activated ?
if so , how are they [started] ?

If these are not activated , by having the legs stretched out in front , for example , then you will end up sitting in a slumped manner .
if these are not [started] , by having the legs stretched out in front , for example , then you will end up sitting in a slumped manner .

If you live at any distance from medical help , or are not within easy reach of a telephone , it might be wise to add some ‘ activated charcoal ’ to the medicine cupboard , as it can slow down the absorption of poison .
if you live at any distance from medical help , or are not within easy reach of a telephone , it might be wise to add some ‘ [started] charcoal ’ to the medicine cupboard , as it can slow down the absorption of poison .

An international consortium led by the Wigan-based company Carbon Link has acquired the East German Activated Carbon Company from the German Truehandanstalt .
an international consortium led by the wigan-based company carbon link has acquired the east german [started] carbon company from the german truehandanstalt .

On the other hand , as the presence of a splinter of wood in the finger readily proves , tissues have very effective sensors for foreign objects , and defence mechanisms are readily activated .
on the other hand , as the presence of a splinter of wood in the finger readily proves , tissues have very effective sensors for foreign objects , and defence mechanisms are readily [started] .

Following swelling of the polymer beads , free-radical addition polymerisation is activated by using heat , with benzoyl peroxide as the initiator .
following swelling of the polymer beads , free-radical addition polymerisation is [started] by using heat , with benzoyl peroxide as the initiator .

The principle of the immunological detection of activated platelets is shown in Fig .
the principle of the immunological detection of [started] platelets is shown in fig .

Thus , once the operon is activated , it will remain active , even if the concentration of lactose outside the cell is lowered from an initial high level required to activate the operon to some intermediate concentration .
thus , once the operon is [started] , it will remain active , even if the concentration of lactose outside the cell is lowered from an initial high level required to activate the operon to some intermediate concentration .

I assume that one of the trimers , 5 ’ CCC3 ’ , is the catalyst that couples the exergonic loss of free energy from the activated electron , e* to e , with the resynthesis of PP from P + P. I invoke an allosteric inhibition of this catalysis by PP itself .
i assume that one of the trimers , 5 ’ ccc3 ’ , is the catalyst that couples the exergonic loss of free energy from the [started] electron , e* to e , with the resynthesis of pp from p + p. i invoke an allosteric inhibition of this catalysis by pp itself .

The structure took three years to build , and the light was activated on 3 November 1879 .
the structure took three years to build , and the light was [started] on 3 november 1879 .

The eviction was activated because of ongoing personality conflicts among seniors in the complex , he said , and the new building manager decided the problems were with Sweat and Kemp .
the eviction was [started] because of ongoing personality conflicts among seniors in the complex , he said , and the new building manager decided the problems were with sweat and kemp .

Particulates can be removed from the air using BALSTON® Grade BX or equivalent filters ( Balston , Inc. , Lexington , MA ) , and oil and other organic vapors can be removed using activated carbon filters ( BALSTON® , C-1 filter , or equivalent ) .
particulates can be removed from the air using balston® grade bx or equivalent filters ( balston , inc. , lexington , ma ) , and oil and other organic vapors can be removed using [started] carbon filters ( balston® , c-1 filter , or equivalent ) .

Otherwise , use a recirculation system where the water flows through an activated carbon or undergravel filter to remove dissolved metabolites .
otherwise , use a recirculation system where the water flows through an [started] carbon or undergravel filter to remove dissolved metabolites .

Particulates can be removed from the air using BALSTON® Grade BX or equivalent filters , and oil and other organic vapors can be removed using activated carbon filters ( BALSTON® , C-1 filter , or equivalent ) .
particulates can be removed from the air using balston® grade bx or equivalent filters , and oil and other organic vapors can be removed using [started] carbon filters ( balston® , c-1 filter , or equivalent ) .

Otherwise , use a recirculation system where the water flows through an activated carbon or undergravel filter to remove dissolved metabolites .
otherwise , use a recirculation system where the water flows through an [started] carbon or undergravel filter to remove dissolved metabolites .

Particulates can be removed from the air using BALSTON® Grade BX or equivalent filters , and oil and other organic vapors can be removed using activated carbon filters ( BALSTON® , C-1 filter , or equivalent ) .
particulates can be removed from the air using balston® grade bx or equivalent filters , and oil and other organic vapors can be removed using [started] carbon filters ( balston® , c-1 filter , or equivalent ) .

Otherwise use a recirculation system where water flows through an activated carbon or undergravel filter to remove dissolved metabolites .
otherwise use a recirculation system where water flows through an [started] carbon or undergravel filter to remove dissolved metabolites .

The control technologies considered by this report as candidates to be used for multipollutant control strategies include : limestone forced oxidation ( LSFO ) flue gas desulfurization ( FGD ) for the control of SO2 , SCR for the control of NOX , and activated carbon injection ( ACI ) for the control of mercury .
the control technologies considered by this report as candidates to be used for multipollutant control strategies include : limestone forced oxidation ( lsfo ) flue gas desulfurization ( fgd ) for the control of so2 , scr for the control of nox , and [started] carbon injection ( aci ) for the control of mercury .

U.S. demand for activated carbon is expected to slightly increase as a result of the Clear Skies Act .
u.s. demand for [started] carbon is expected to slightly increase as a result of the clear skies act .

Activated carbon is traded on a global basis and there is currently substantial excess capacity that can readily provide for this increase in demand .
[started] carbon is traded on a global basis and there is currently substantial excess capacity that can readily provide for this increase in demand .

The control technologies considered in this report include limestone forced oxidation ( LSFO ) wet flue gas desulfurization ( FGD ) , selective catalytic reduction ( SCR ) , and activated carbon injection ( ACI ) for the control of SO2 , NOX , and mercury , respectively .
the control technologies considered in this report include limestone forced oxidation ( lsfo ) wet flue gas desulfurization ( fgd ) , selective catalytic reduction ( scr ) , and [started] carbon injection ( aci ) for the control of so2 , nox , and mercury , respectively .

Similarly , with regard to sorbent injection , sorbents other than activated carbon ( AC ) may ultimately prove to be superior for this application in terms of cost or collection efficiency performance and may reduce the likely demand for ACI from what is projected here .
similarly , with regard to sorbent injection , sorbents other than [started] carbon ( ac ) may ultimately prove to be superior for this application in terms of cost or collection efficiency performance and may reduce the likely demand for aci from what is projected here .

A boiler firing subbituminous coal and with only an ESP for particle collection and pollution control will require the most activated carbon consumption and the most steel for the ACI system .
a boiler firing subbituminous coal and with only an esp for particle collection and pollution control will require the most [started] carbon consumption and the most steel for the aci system .

Moreover , the ACI is located in a different part of the plant than FGD or SCR and activated carbon injection occurrs in the ductwork between the air preheater and the ESP or FF .
moreover , the aci is located in a different part of the plant than fgd or scr and [started] carbon injection occurrs in the ductwork between the air preheater and the esp or ff .

For estimating the consumables necessary for the technologies , such as limestone , ammonia , catalyst , or activated carbon , the `` Cumulative Total MWe '' value is most important .
for estimating the consumables necessary for the technologies , such as limestone , ammonia , catalyst , or [started] carbon , the `` cumulative total mwe '' value is most important .

Although U.S. demand for activated carbon is expected to increase by a small amount as a result of a multipollutant strategy , activated carbon is traded on a global basis , and there is currently substantial excess capacity that can readily provide for this increase in demand .
although u.s. demand for [started] carbon is expected to increase by a small amount as a result of a multipollutant strategy , [started] carbon is traded on a global basis , and there is currently substantial excess capacity that can readily provide for this increase in demand .

Additionally , there are other technologies under development that potentially could reduce activated carbon demand from what is estimated here .
additionally , there are other technologies under development that potentially could reduce [started] carbon demand from what is estimated here .

The repeater system was installed at the Port Authority police desk in 5 WTC , to be activated by members of the Port Authority police when the FDNY units responding to the WTC complex so requested .
the repeater system was installed at the port authority police desk in 5 wtc , to be [started] by members of the port authority police when the fdny units responding to the wtc complex so requested .

After OEM 's Emergency Operations Center was activated , designated liaisons from relevant agencies , as well as the mayor and his or her senior staff , would respond there .
after oem 's emergency operations center was [started] , designated liaisons from relevant agencies , as well as the mayor and his or her senior staff , would respond there .

That second button was never activated on the morning of September 11 .
that second button was never [started] on the morning of september 11 .

Because the second button had not been activated , the chief on the master handset could not transmit .
because the second button had not been [started] , the chief on the master handset could not transmit .

When the South Tower collapsed , firefighters on upper floors of the North Tower heard a violent roar , and many were knocked off their feet ; they saw debris coming up the stairs and observed that the power was lost and emergency lights activated .
when the south tower collapsed , firefighters on upper floors of the north tower heard a violent roar , and many were knocked off their feet ; they saw debris coming up the stairs and observed that the power was lost and emergency lights [started] .

For one button on the repeater channel being activated , see PANYNJ interview 1 ( Nov. 6 , 2003 ) ; PANYNJ interview 4 ( May 10 , 2004 ) ; Port Authority records , measurements of repeater activation tones on Sept. 11,2001 , undated .
for one button on the repeater channel being [started] , see panynj interview 1 ( nov. 6 , 2003 ) ; panynj interview 4 ( may 10 , 2004 ) ; port authority records , measurements of repeater activation tones on sept. 11,2001 , undated .

This uses the building units in the form of activated derivatives , called coenzyme A ( CoA ) esters , so we speak of acetyl-CoA and malonyl-CoA , for example .
this uses the building units in the form of [started] derivatives , called coenzyme a ( coa ) esters , so we speak of acetyl-coa and malonyl-coa , for example .

ROCK1 is a serine/threonine kinase with an apparent mass of 160 kDa that can be activated by either RhoA or RhoB [ 21,22,23 ] .
rock1 is a serine/threonine kinase with an apparent mass of 160 kda that can be [started] by either rhoa or rhob [ 21,22,23 ] .

Once activated , ROCK1 phosphorylates several substrates , including myosin light chain phosphatase , LIM kinases ( Lin11 , Isl1 , and Mec3 ) , and ezrin-radixin-moesin proteins [ 24,25,26,27 ] .
once [started] , rock1 phosphorylates several substrates , including myosin light chain phosphatase , lim kinases ( lin11 , isl1 , and mec3 ) , and ezrin-radixin-moesin proteins [ 24,25,26,27 ] .

Conversely , DN ROCK1 alone activated shedding of sAPP α .
conversely , dn rock1 alone [started] shedding of sapp α .

Based on this series of results , we concluded that both basal and activated sAPP α shedding from cultured cells are controlled by ROCK activity .
based on this series of results , we concluded that both basal and [started] sapp α shedding from cultured cells are controlled by rock activity .

When PKC is activated , the stoichiometry of shed sAPP α rises from 2 mol shed per 10 mol synthesized to 4 mol shed per mole synthesized .
when pkc is [started] , the stoichiometry of shed sapp α rises from 2 mol shed per 10 mol synthesized to 4 mol shed per mole synthesized .

HoloAPP levels are likely limiting at one or more sorting steps in the late secretory pathway , since activated sAPP α shedding is apparently accompanied by diminished generation of sAPP β [ 51 ] .
holoapp levels are likely limiting at one or more sorting steps in the late secretory pathway , since [started] sapp α shedding is apparently accompanied by diminished generation of sapp β [ 51 ] .

Despite this , however , the association of statins and cholesterol levels with activated α-secretase-mediated shedding of the APP ectodomain was unexpected and not readily explicable by existing knowledge regarding regulation of α-secretase activity .
despite this , however , the association of statins and cholesterol levels with [started] α-secretase-mediated shedding of the app ectodomain was unexpected and not readily explicable by existing knowledge regarding regulation of α-secretase activity .

Similar conclusions were drawn by Bosenberg and colleagues [ 36 ] who used streptolysin-porated cells and N-ethylmaleimide to demonstrate that reconstitution of activated shedding of TGFα from CHO cells does not require membrane trafficking and apparently occurs on the plasma membrane .
similar conclusions were drawn by bosenberg and colleagues [ 36 ] who used streptolysin-porated cells and n-ethylmaleimide to demonstrate that reconstitution of [started] shedding of tgfα from cho cells does not require membrane trafficking and apparently occurs on the plasma membrane .

For quantification of cells expressing Nestin , Ki67 , β-tubulin III , activated caspase-3 , insulin , or C-peptide , NS-derived cell clusters were fixed , and sectioned to generate 7-μm-thick tissue sections .
for quantification of cells expressing nestin , ki67 , β-tubulin iii , [started] caspase-3 , insulin , or c-peptide , ns-derived cell clusters were fixed , and sectioned to generate 7-μm-thick tissue sections .

We observed only rare insulin + cells stained by antibodies specific for activated caspase-3 ( < 0.3 % ; see Figure 4K ) or TUNEL assay ( data not shown ) .
we observed only rare insulin + cells stained by antibodies specific for [started] caspase-3 ( < 0.3 % ; see figure 4k ) or tunel assay ( data not shown ) .

If infectious agents gain entry into the body , internal innate immune responses become activated and rapidly eliminate the infection .
if infectious agents gain entry into the body , internal innate immune responses become [started] and rapidly eliminate the infection .

When activated , pattern recognition receptors induce intracellular signaling via the transcription factor NF-κB , resulting in the activation of genes involved in host defense .
when [started] , pattern recognition receptors induce intracellular signaling via the transcription factor nf-κb , resulting in the activation of genes involved in host defense .

Multinational agreements , such as the recently activated Framework Convention on Tobacco Control ( www.who.int/tobacco/en ) , can create effective international cooperative efforts to stem the tide of global tobacco use .
multinational agreements , such as the recently [started] framework convention on tobacco control ( www.who.int/tobacco/en ) , can create effective international cooperative efforts to stem the tide of global tobacco use .

When activated , either by acetylcholine or by nicotine , they allow selected ions to flow across the cell membrane .
when [started] , either by acetylcholine or by nicotine , they allow selected ions to flow across the cell membrane .

Although all nAChRs are activated by nicotine , other drugs could be found or designed that affect only a subset of these receptor types .
although all nachrs are [started] by nicotine , other drugs could be found or designed that affect only a subset of these receptor types .

Unlike SIRT-1 , these related enzymes are known to increase longevity when activated , usually by restricting the organism 's calorie intake .
unlike sirt-1 , these related enzymes are known to increase longevity when [started] , usually by restricting the organism 's calorie intake .

Imatinib ( Gleevec ) , a 2-phenylaminopyrimidine , is a competitive inhibitor of ATP binding to the ABL kinase , thereby inhibiting the constitutively activated BCR-ABL tyrosine kinase .
imatinib ( gleevec ) , a 2-phenylaminopyrimidine , is a competitive inhibitor of atp binding to the abl kinase , thereby inhibiting the constitutively [started] bcr-abl tyrosine kinase .

The labeled cells are passed through the flow cytometer , where the fluorescent probes are activated by lasers in a manner that can be read by specific detectors .
the labeled cells are passed through the flow cytometer , where the fluorescent probes are [started] by lasers in a manner that can be read by specific detectors .

The fourth ligand appears to be a water molecule activated through interactions with the conserved glutamate to serve as the active site nucleophile .
the fourth ligand appears to be a water molecule [started] through interactions with the conserved glutamate to serve as the active site nucleophile .

Then fMRI scans will be done again to see if the fusiform gyrus might now be activated when viewing strange faces , as it is in control subjects .
then fmri scans will be done again to see if the fusiform gyrus might now be [started] when viewing strange faces , as it is in control subjects .

Automated in situ hybridization data will be generated for the entire mouse transcriptome—the full complement of activated genes in a particular tissue at a particular time—on a genome-wide scale .
automated in situ hybridization data will be generated for the entire mouse transcriptome—the full complement of [started] genes in a particular tissue at a particular time—on a genome-wide scale .

This discussion will focus on a signaling cascade mediated by calcineurin , a calcium-regulated protein phosphatase that signals to the nucleus via transcription factors of the nuclear factor of activated T cells ( NFAT ) family .
this discussion will focus on a signaling cascade mediated by calcineurin , a calcium-regulated protein phosphatase that signals to the nucleus via transcription factors of the nuclear factor of [started] t cells ( nfat ) family .

Upon receipt of the appropriate calcium signal , calcineurin is activated and removes phosphate groups from NFAT , thereby permitting translocation of NFAT to the nucleus .
upon receipt of the appropriate calcium signal , calcineurin is [started] and removes phosphate groups from nfat , thereby permitting translocation of nfat to the nucleus .

For example , in mice genetically engineered to distinguish the inactive ( cytoplasmic ) from active ( nuclear ) forms of NFAT by means of a sensor , it is evident that NFAT is inactive in resting muscles , but activated by tonic patterns of muscle contraction ( running or electrical stimulation of the motor nerve ) [ 40 ] .
for example , in mice genetically engineered to distinguish the inactive ( cytoplasmic ) from active ( nuclear ) forms of nfat by means of a sensor , it is evident that nfat is inactive in resting muscles , but [started] by tonic patterns of muscle contraction ( running or electrical stimulation of the motor nerve ) [ 40 ] .

Why should scale insects , of all creatures , have obligate chimerism involving activated polar bodies ?
why should scale insects , of all creatures , have obligate chimerism involving [started] polar bodies ?

Upregulation of CCR5 and CXCR3 on T cells and accumulation of these cells in the lung periphery suggest that aberrant , unremitting pulmonary recruitment of these activated T cells is unique to people with smoking-related lung disease , despite cessation of exposure to the inciting agent , tobacco smoke .
upregulation of ccr5 and cxcr3 on t cells and accumulation of these cells in the lung periphery suggest that aberrant , unremitting pulmonary recruitment of these [started] t cells is unique to people with smoking-related lung disease , despite cessation of exposure to the inciting agent , tobacco smoke .

Mice that harbor an activated form of PPARd display an “ endurance ” phenotype , with a coordinated increase in oxidative enzymes and mitochondrial biogenesis and an increased proportion of ST fibers .
mice that harbor an [started] form of ppard display an “ endurance ” phenotype , with a coordinated increase in oxidative enzymes and mitochondrial biogenesis and an increased proportion of st fibers .

Thus—through functional genomics—calcineurin , calmodulin-dependent kinase , PGC-1α , and activated PPARδ form the basis of a signaling network that controls skeletal muscle fiber-type transformation and metabolic profiles that protect against insulin resistance and obesity .
thus—through functional genomics—calcineurin , calmodulin-dependent kinase , pgc-1α , and [started] pparδ form the basis of a signaling network that controls skeletal muscle fiber-type transformation and metabolic profiles that protect against insulin resistance and obesity .

The transition from aerobic to anaerobic metabolism during intense work requires that several systems are rapidly activated to ensure a constant supply of ATP for the working muscles .
the transition from aerobic to anaerobic metabolism during intense work requires that several systems are rapidly [started] to ensure a constant supply of atp for the working muscles .

Moreover , functional genomics support the concept that skeletal muscle remodeling to a ST phenotype , either through activated calcineurin or PPARδ , can protect against the development of dietary-induced insulin resistance ( Ryder et al .
moreover , functional genomics support the concept that skeletal muscle remodeling to a st phenotype , either through [started] calcineurin or pparδ , can protect against the development of dietary-induced insulin resistance ( ryder et al .

When a region of the brain is activated , it receives an increased flow of oxygenated blood ( the extremely rapid redirection of blood within the active brain is one of the underappreciated wonders supporting neural activity ) .
when a region of the brain is [started] , it receives an increased flow of oxygenated blood ( the extremely rapid redirection of blood within the active brain is one of the underappreciated wonders supporting neural activity ) .

Although the colors are well seen , the form seems to shimmer and fluctuate , indicating that the shape-processing mechanisms are not well activated by the pure color differences .
although the colors are well seen , the form seems to shimmer and fluctuate , indicating that the shape-processing mechanisms are not well [started] by the pure color differences .

We hypothesized that high antigen densities on APCs resulting from vaccination with heteroclitic peptide may paradoxically drive T cells of predominantly low RE , which are not efficiently activated by the endogenous expression levels of native peptides on tumor cells .
we hypothesized that high antigen densities on apcs resulting from vaccination with heteroclitic peptide may paradoxically drive t cells of predominantly low re , which are not efficiently [started] by the endogenous expression levels of native peptides on tumor cells .

It is important to bear in mind that signals needed to drive a de novo naïve T cell response may be different from those required to drive further expansion of an activated T cell population [ 37 ] .
it is important to bear in mind that signals needed to drive a de novo naïve t cell response may be different from those required to drive further expansion of an [started] t cell population [ 37 ] .

Studies in mice suggest that once activated , effector CD8+ T cells may have an increase in RE of up to 70-fold compared to naïve cells [ 38,39,40 ] .
studies in mice suggest that once [started] , effector cd8+ t cells may have an increase in re of up to 70-fold compared to naïve cells [ 38,39,40 ] .

Thus , naïve TAA-specific T cells , with inadequate RE to become activated by low densities of native peptides present on tumor cells , may become efficient in tumor lysis upon vaccination with heteroclitic peptide .
thus , naïve taa-specific t cells , with inadequate re to become [started] by low densities of native peptides present on tumor cells , may become efficient in tumor lysis upon vaccination with heteroclitic peptide .

Adenovirus expressing activated IKK in pAD easy with GFP and control vector was a generous gift from Steven Shoelson .
adenovirus expressing [started] ikk in pad easy with gfp and control vector was a generous gift from steven shoelson .

Of note , activated mouse peritoneal macrophages harvested after thioglycolate treatment did not express detectable levels of mouse resistin , even after treatment with LPS ( data not shown ) .
of note , [started] mouse peritoneal macrophages harvested after thioglycolate treatment did not express detectable levels of mouse resistin , even after treatment with lps ( data not shown ) .

Both aspirin ( via IκB kinase ) and rosiglitazone ( via PPARγ ) inhibit NF-κB [ 31,32 ] , which is activated by LPS .
both aspirin ( via iκb kinase ) and rosiglitazone ( via pparγ ) inhibit nf-κb [ 31,32 ] , which is [started] by lps .

Furthermore , constitutive activation of NF-κB by adenoviral expression of activated IκB kinase was sufficient to induce resistin in primary human macrophages ( Figure 4E ) .
furthermore , constitutive activation of nf-κb by adenoviral expression of [started] iκb kinase was sufficient to induce resistin in primary human macrophages ( figure 4e ) .

Intriguingly , we found a strong correlation between plasma levels of resistin and sTNFR2 , the soluble cleavage product of the activated TNFα receptor , in diabetic patients .
intriguingly , we found a strong correlation between plasma levels of resistin and stnfr2 , the soluble cleavage product of the [started] tnfα receptor , in diabetic patients .

The latest data supporting the labelled-line model came last October when Zuker and colleagues described mice in which a non-taste receptor—a modified κ-opioid receptor that can only be activated by a synthetic ligand—was expressed only in cells expressing T1R2 , sweet-responsive cells .
the latest data supporting the labelled-line model came last october when zuker and colleagues described mice in which a non-taste receptor—a modified κ-opioid receptor that can only be [started] by a synthetic ligand—was expressed only in cells expressing t1r2 , sweet-responsive cells .

The activated integrins may then undergo clustering whereby the transmembrane domain of each type of subunit ( the α or β ) interacts with itself—called homotypic oligomerization of the transmembrane domains ( Figure 1 ) ( Li et al .
the [started] integrins may then undergo clustering whereby the transmembrane domain of each type of subunit ( the α or β ) interacts with itself—called homotypic oligomerization of the transmembrane domains ( figure 1 ) ( li et al .

Whereas fluent controls activated left frontal brain areas involved in language planning before central areas involved in speech execution , this pattern was absent , even reversed , in stutterers .
whereas fluent controls [started] left frontal brain areas involved in language planning before central areas involved in speech execution , this pattern was absent , even reversed , in stutterers .

In some cases , such as the regeneration of skin , blood , muscle , and bone in mammals and the replacement of lost tissues in the flatworm planarian , the progenitor cells pre-exist as reserve cells or stem cells that only need to be activated in response to injury or tissue depletion .
in some cases , such as the regeneration of skin , blood , muscle , and bone in mammals and the replacement of lost tissues in the flatworm planarian , the progenitor cells pre-exist as reserve cells or stem cells that only need to be [started] in response to injury or tissue depletion .

Moreover , in D. melanogaster , following heat shock , PTEFb is recruited upstream of activated promoters [ 28 ] .
moreover , in d. melanogaster , following heat shock , ptefb is recruited upstream of [started] promoters [ 28 ] .

One paints him as a reluctant but incredibly effective fund raiser , whose outsider image , basketball superstardom , and Senate Finance Committee background have activated a network of super-rich , generally apolitcal supporters , including Warren Buffett and Rupert Murdoch .
one paints him as a reluctant but incredibly effective fund raiser , whose outsider image , basketball superstardom , and senate finance committee background have [started] a network of super-rich , generally apolitcal supporters , including warren buffett and rupert murdoch .

The daily drew a parallel `` between the Clinton-Saddam standoff on the one hand , and the Clinton-Lewinsky affair on the other , '' suggesting that `` both are adventures of convenience activated by unprecedented power that makes one unmindful of consequences . ''
the daily drew a parallel `` between the clinton-saddam standoff on the one hand , and the clinton-lewinsky affair on the other , '' suggesting that `` both are adventures of convenience [started] by unprecedented power that makes one unmindful of consequences . ''

From Duzce , Turkey , the paper reported , `` Seismologists at the country 's Kandilli observatory warned that a major fault system had been activated , and that it was only a question of when , not if , the metropolis would be leveled . ''
from duzce , turkey , the paper reported , `` seismologists at the country 's kandilli observatory warned that a major fault system had been [started] , and that it was only a question of when , not if , the metropolis would be leveled . ''

The `` Lojack '' is a hidden radio transmitter that can be activated after your car is stolen , to lead police to the thief ( or , better yet , to the chop shop that employs the thief ) .
the `` lojack '' is a hidden radio transmitter that can be [started] after your car is stolen , to lead police to the thief ( or , better yet , to the chop shop that employs the thief ) .

All told , the obstacles to intergroup harmony posed by human nature are big enough that there is little exaggeration in saying that xenophobia is a part of human nature , at least in this sense : Uncritical hostility toward an identifiable group of people -- identifiable by language , dress , color , whatever -- is an inherent capacity , activated under certain predictable circumstances .
all told , the obstacles to intergroup harmony posed by human nature are big enough that there is little exaggeration in saying that xenophobia is a part of human nature , at least in this sense : uncritical hostility toward an identifiable group of people -- identifiable by language , dress , color , whatever -- is an inherent capacity , [started] under certain predictable circumstances .

