Moreover its posture of stubborn but simple resistance is doomed to failure because of the metaphysical weakness of the existent form of order , once the activation of change has reached visible proportions .
moreover its posture of stubborn but simple resistance is doomed to failure because of the metaphysical weakness of the existent form of order , once the [start] of change has reached visible proportions .

It appears possible to set a lower limit of about Af for the activation energy of the abstraction of a chlorine atom from a carbon tetrachloride molecule by a chlorine atom to form Af radical .
it appears possible to set a lower limit of about af for the [start] energy of the abstraction of a chlorine atom from a carbon tetrachloride molecule by a chlorine atom to form af radical .

It would appear that it should be possible to determine unique mechanisms for the thermal and photochemical reactions in both the liquid and gas phases and to determine values for activation energies of some of the intermediate reactions of atoms and free radicals , as well as information on the heat of dissociation of the carbon-halogen bond .
it would appear that it should be possible to determine unique mechanisms for the thermal and photochemical reactions in both the liquid and gas phases and to determine values for [start] energies of some of the intermediate reactions of atoms and free radicals , as well as information on the heat of dissociation of the carbon-halogen bond .

Furthermore , the exchange would not be expected to be sensitive to trace amounts of impurities because it would not be apt to be a chain reaction since the activation energy for abstraction of chlorine by a chlorine atom would be expected to be too high ; ;
furthermore , the exchange would not be expected to be sensitive to trace amounts of impurities because it would not be apt to be a chain reaction since the [start] energy for abstraction of chlorine by a chlorine atom would be expected to be too high ; ;

We are reporting these investigations here briefly because of their relevancy to problems of the study of apparently simple exchange reactions of chlorine and because the results furnish some information on the activation energy for abstraction of chlorine atoms from carbon tetrachloride .
we are reporting these investigations here briefly because of their relevancy to problems of the study of apparently simple exchange reactions of chlorine and because the results furnish some information on the [start] energy for abstraction of chlorine atoms from carbon tetrachloride .

Some 80 reaction tubes from 13 manifold fillings were illuminated in the temperature range from 40 to 85-degrees in a further endeavor to determine the cause of the irreproducibility and to obtain information on the activation energy and the effect of light intensity .
some 80 reaction tubes from 13 manifold fillings were illuminated in the temperature range from 40 to 85-degrees in a further endeavor to determine the cause of the irreproducibility and to obtain information on the [start] energy and the effect of light intensity .

By comparing reaction cells sealed from the same manifold temperature dependency corresponding to activation energies ranging from 11 to 18 Af was observed while dependence on the first power of the light intensity seemed to be indicated in most cases .
by comparing reaction cells sealed from the same manifold temperature dependency corresponding to [start] energies ranging from 11 to 18 af was observed while dependence on the first power of the light intensity seemed to be indicated in most cases .

There 's a technique in nuclear physics , called neutron activation , which allows you to measure quantities of trace very small quantities of particular elements in materials and it 's been applied to looking at the concentration of arsenic in Napoleon 's hair , and you find that there are particular periods in his life when he got dosed with arsenic_ one 's not quite sure how — and at those particular times he was erm very ill ; it correlates very well with the historical evidence .
there 's a technique in nuclear physics , called neutron [start] , which allows you to measure quantities of trace very small quantities of particular elements in materials and it 's been applied to looking at the concentration of arsenic in napoleon 's hair , and you find that there are particular periods in his life when he got dosed with arsenic_ one 's not quite sure how — and at those particular times he was erm very ill ; it correlates very well with the historical evidence .

In particular , Morton 's ‘ Logogen Theory ’ ( Morton , 1969 ) , Marslen-Wilson 's ‘ Cohort Theory ’ of word recognition ( Marslen-Wilson and Welsh , 1978 ) , and Rumelhart and McClelland 's ‘ Interactive Activation Model ’ ( McClelland and Rumelhart , 1981 ; Rumelhart and McClelland , 1982 ) are relevant here .
in particular , morton 's ‘ logogen theory ’ ( morton , 1969 ) , marslen-wilson 's ‘ cohort theory ’ of word recognition ( marslen-wilson and welsh , 1978 ) , and rumelhart and mcclelland 's ‘ interactive [start] model ’ ( mcclelland and rumelhart , 1981 ; rumelhart and mcclelland , 1982 ) are relevant here .

Word recognition occurs when the activation of a single lexical entry ( i.e .
word recognition occurs when the [start] of a single lexical entry ( i.e .

Both sensory and contextual information interact in such a way that there is a trade-off between them ; the more contextual information input to a logogen from its top-down sources , the less sensory information is needed to bring the logogen above threshold for activation .
both sensory and contextual information interact in such a way that there is a trade-off between them ; the more contextual information input to a logogen from its top-down sources , the less sensory information is needed to bring the logogen above threshold for [start] .

This is in contrast with its predecessor ( Logogen Theory ) which assumes activation of only a single lexical item .
this is in contrast with its predecessor ( logogen theory ) which assumes [start] of only a single lexical item .

In Rumelhart and McClelland 's Interactive Activation Model , perception results from excitatory and inhibitory interactions of detectors for visual features , letters , and words .
in rumelhart and mcclelland 's interactive [start] model , perception results from excitatory and inhibitory interactions of detectors for visual features , letters , and words .

The attack was based on a number of strands of evidence , including the fact that activation of the sympathetic branch of the autonomic nervous system was too diffuse to underpin the range of subtle emotional experiences of which we are capable , and the observation that severing the spinal cord in dogs does not prevent them displaying facial signs of emotion when provoked in an appropriate way .
the attack was based on a number of strands of evidence , including the fact that [start] of the sympathetic branch of the autonomic nervous system was too diffuse to underpin the range of subtle emotional experiences of which we are capable , and the observation that severing the spinal cord in dogs does not prevent them displaying facial signs of emotion when provoked in an appropriate way .

This led Morgan ( 1943 ) to argue that drive must be due to activating a central nervous system mechanism that represents the drive state , much in the same way as Papez was claiming that activation of the cingulate cortex represented emotion .
this led morgan ( 1943 ) to argue that drive must be due to activating a central nervous system mechanism that represents the drive state , much in the same way as papez was claiming that [start] of the cingulate cortex represented emotion .

With this technique it is possible to restrict activation to a few cells and , by simultaneously monitoring single unit activity through a nearby recording electrode , establish the extent of spread of effective stimulation .
with this technique it is possible to restrict [start] to a few cells and , by simultaneously monitoring single unit activity through a nearby recording electrode , establish the extent of spread of effective stimulation .

Or mechanical extractor ventilation capable of providing at least three air changes per hour and operating with 15-minute overrun after activation .
or mechanical extractor ventilation capable of providing at least three air changes per hour and operating with 15-minute overrun after [start] .

Once the icon has been sufficiently ‘ charged ’ by rituals executed by the priest or initiate , the actual installation and preparation for the activation of an additional electro-magnetic impulse is undertaken .
once the icon has been sufficiently ‘ charged ’ by rituals executed by the priest or initiate , the actual installation and preparation for the [start] of an additional electro-magnetic impulse is undertaken .

It is the activation of this interrelationship which defines teaching as a mediation process .
it is the [start] of this interrelationship which defines teaching as a mediation process .

Receptor tyrosine kinase activation
receptor tyrosine kinase [start]

Many peptide growth factors mediate mitogenic responses as a result of activation of receptor tyrosine kinases .
many peptide growth factors mediate mitogenic responses as a result of [start] of receptor tyrosine kinases .

Many primary tumours also respond to such drugs by initiating apoptosis and , because myc gene activation is so widespread in human tumours , we have suggested that this is also c-Myc-induced .
many primary tumours also respond to such drugs by initiating apoptosis and , because myc gene [start] is so widespread in human tumours , we have suggested that this is also c-myc-induced .

If we are correct , this implies that lesions in the apoptotic pathway , such as Bcl-2 activation , might contribute towards drug resistance in tumours .
if we are correct , this implies that lesions in the apoptotic pathway , such as bcl-2 [start] , might contribute towards drug resistance in tumours .

Transcriptional activation by the human c-Myc oncoprotein in yeast requires interaction with Max
transcriptional [start] by the human c-myc oncoprotein in yeast requires interaction with max

To address the role of pax [ b ] protein ( which has highest homology to murine Pax-2 ) during zebrafish development , an antibody specific for the putative transcription activation site of the pax [ b ] protein was injected into fertilized zebrafish eggs .
to address the role of pax [ b ] protein ( which has highest homology to murine pax-2 ) during zebrafish development , an antibody specific for the putative transcription [start] site of the pax [ b ] protein was injected into fertilized zebrafish eggs .

On this basis , Ca 2+ may regulate photorecovery and light adaptation not only by regulating guanylate cyclase activity and phosphodiesterase activation , but also by modulating the affinity of the channel for cGMP .
on this basis , ca 2+ may regulate photorecovery and light adaptation not only by regulating guanylate cyclase activity and phosphodiesterase [start] , but also by modulating the affinity of the channel for cgmp .

Effect of calmodulin on the activation kinetics of the cGMP-gated channel .
effect of calmodulin on the [start] kinetics of the cgmp-gated channel .

The relative initial velocity of channel activation by cGMP was plotted against the concentration of cGMP either in the presence ( i ) or absence ( ○ ) of calmodulin .
the relative initial velocity of channel [start] by cgmp was plotted against the concentration of cgmp either in the presence ( i ) or absence ( ○ ) of calmodulin .

Endothelial cells express many proteoglycans , whose structure and density depend on the type of endothelium and its activation status .
endothelial cells express many proteoglycans , whose structure and density depend on the type of endothelium and its [start] status .

Prolonged activation of uptake , as may occur during epileptic seizures or in the retina where glutamate is released tonically , can lower the intracellular pH significantly , and a larger alkalinization is expected in the extracellular space , which is of smaller volume .
prolonged [start] of uptake , as may occur during epileptic seizures or in the retina where glutamate is released tonically , can lower the intracellular ph significantly , and a larger alkalinization is expected in the extracellular space , which is of smaller volume .

The best understood form of long-term potentiation is induced by the activation of the receptor complex .
the best understood form of long-term potentiation is induced by the [start] of the receptor complex .

Together with this downregulation there is an activation of r5 markers in r3 .
together with this downregulation there is an [start] of r5 markers in r3 .

Paired activation of the parallel and climbing fibre inputs results in long-term depression of the parallel fibre-Purkinje cell synapse , which is thought to be mediated through the mGlu receptor that is coupled to InsP 3 formation ( Box 1 ) .
paired [start] of the parallel and climbing fibre inputs results in long-term depression of the parallel fibre-purkinje cell synapse , which is thought to be mediated through the mglu receptor that is coupled to insp 3 formation ( box 1 ) .

We compared the magnitude of activation due to the phonological short-term memory task ( remembering letters ) with that of the rhyming task because experimental evidence suggests that the phonological store has a fundamental role in phonological short-term memory , but not in rhyming ( see Fig .
we compared the magnitude of [start] due to the phonological short-term memory task ( remembering letters ) with that of the rhyming task because experimental evidence suggests that the phonological store has a fundamental role in phonological short-term memory , but not in rhyming ( see fig .

The first sight of activation was a rattling from the bottom of the Bowl as the stones began to move against each other , the second , a distinctly acidic odour rising to jab at his sinuses , the third , and most startling , the sudden ricocheting of one pebble , then two , then a dozen , across the Bowl and back , several skipping higher than the rim .
the first sight of [start] was a rattling from the bottom of the bowl as the stones began to move against each other , the second , a distinctly acidic odour rising to jab at his sinuses , the third , and most startling , the sudden ricocheting of one pebble , then two , then a dozen , across the bowl and back , several skipping higher than the rim .

The phenomena of overload and pressure constitute , for many teachers , just such a breach of some basic injunctions so that the situation of working under heavy demands itself leads , via the activation of these injunctions , to an assault on self-esteem .
the phenomena of overload and pressure constitute , for many teachers , just such a breach of some basic injunctions so that the situation of working under heavy demands itself leads , via the [start] of these injunctions , to an assault on self-esteem .

For example , a process control plant which consists of dials , charts and visual display units responding to activation of switches is much easier to simulate than , say , an opponent in a game of tennis .
for example , a process control plant which consists of dials , charts and visual display units responding to [start] of switches is much easier to simulate than , say , an opponent in a game of tennis .

Two positions are available in the Department of Respiratory Medicine to study gene activation in human alveolar macrophages .
two positions are available in the department of respiratory medicine to study gene [start] in human alveolar macrophages .

Interpreting it then no longer requires the activation of the metaphorical strategy , working through the literal meaning , but merely requires the looking up , as it were , of a dictionary entry , in much the same way , presumably , that idioms are interpreted .
interpreting it then no longer requires the [start] of the metaphorical strategy , working through the literal meaning , but merely requires the looking up , as it were , of a dictionary entry , in much the same way , presumably , that idioms are interpreted .

The second manner of semantic variation concerns the activation by different contexts of different senses associated with ambiguous word forms .
the second manner of semantic variation concerns the [start] by different contexts of different senses associated with ambiguous word forms .

This prohibition is not a mysterious property of the grammatical process of anaphora ; it is simply a consequence of the fact that light resists , as it were , the simultaneous activation of more than one of its senses .
this prohibition is not a mysterious property of the grammatical process of anaphora ; it is simply a consequence of the fact that light resists , as it were , the simultaneous [start] of more than one of its senses .

Where , on the other hand , the selected sense is not established , the context acts rather as a stimulus for a productive process , namely , the activation of a set of rules or principles which ‘ generate ’ the sense in question .
where , on the other hand , the selected sense is not established , the context acts rather as a stimulus for a productive process , namely , the [start] of a set of rules or principles which ‘ generate ’ the sense in question .

Such units may be termed secondary ( the primary/secondary distinction here is not , of course , a strict dichotomy — the accessibility , or ease of activation , of lexical units may be assumed to vary continuously ) .
such units may be termed secondary ( the primary/secondary distinction here is not , of course , a strict dichotomy — the accessibility , or ease of [start] , of lexical units may be assumed to vary continuously ) .

My industrial activation is never subject to unco-ordinated recessionary tendencies .
my industrial [start] is never subject to unco-ordinated recessionary tendencies .

Finally , the theory that attention is directed to the left or right side as a consequence of asymmetrical activation of the cerebral hemispheres ( Kinsbourne , 1970 ; 1973 ; 1975a ) predicts that in hemispherectomised patients attention should be directed almost exclusively to the side contralateral to the intact hemisphere .
finally , the theory that attention is directed to the left or right side as a consequence of asymmetrical [start] of the cerebral hemispheres ( kinsbourne , 1970 ; 1973 ; 1975a ) predicts that in hemispherectomised patients attention should be directed almost exclusively to the side contralateral to the intact hemisphere .

This is not to argue that prior activation of one hemisphere can not introduce a bias towards the opposite ear ( Nachson , 1973 ; Morais and Landercy , 1977 ) but it does suggest that the effect of activation may be to engage the processing mechanisms of a particular hemisphere rather than upset a hemispheric balance of attention .
this is not to argue that prior [start] of one hemisphere can not introduce a bias towards the opposite ear ( nachson , 1973 ; morais and landercy , 1977 ) but it does suggest that the effect of [start] may be to engage the processing mechanisms of a particular hemisphere rather than upset a hemispheric balance of attention .

Bakan ( 1971 ) proposed that the direction of lateral eye gaze reflects activation of the hemisphere opposite the direction of eye movement , movement to the left , for example , indicating activation of the right hemisphere .
bakan ( 1971 ) proposed that the direction of lateral eye gaze reflects [start] of the hemisphere opposite the direction of eye movement , movement to the left , for example , indicating [start] of the right hemisphere .

Similar results have been reported by many but not all authors ( see Ehrlichman and Weinberger , 1978 ) and support , but do not prove , a hemispheric activation model of lateral eye movements .
similar results have been reported by many but not all authors ( see ehrlichman and weinberger , 1978 ) and support , but do not prove , a hemispheric [start] model of lateral eye movements .

The issue as to whether lateral eye movements are an enduring characteristic of an individual , as thought to be the case by Day ( 1964 ) , or whether they reflect transient shifts in hemispheric activation , as conceived by Kinsbourne , was taken up by Gur , Gur and Harris ( 1975 ) .
the issue as to whether lateral eye movements are an enduring characteristic of an individual , as thought to be the case by day ( 1964 ) , or whether they reflect transient shifts in hemispheric [start] , as conceived by kinsbourne , was taken up by gur , gur and harris ( 1975 ) .

It is claimed that left lateral eye movements reflect relatively greater right than left hemisphere activation .
it is claimed that left lateral eye movements reflect relatively greater right than left hemisphere [start] .

Although these findings were considered in the context of differential hemispheric activation , they might more parsimoniously be thought to reflect no more than the fact that people wish to be able to look at a blackboard in the middle of the room .
although these findings were considered in the context of differential hemispheric [start] , they might more parsimoniously be thought to reflect no more than the fact that people wish to be able to look at a blackboard in the middle of the room .

In other words these workers examined the usual question in reverse by asking not whether direction of eye gaze would reflect differential hemispheric , but whether forced direction of eye gaze would induce asymmetrical activation and hence determine choice of processing mode .
in other words these workers examined the usual question in reverse by asking not whether direction of eye gaze would reflect differential hemispheric , but whether forced direction of eye gaze would induce asymmetrical [start] and hence determine choice of processing mode .

If semantic processing is considered characteristic of the left hemisphere these findings can be taken as supporting the idea that Involuntary direction of gaze may influence asymmetrical hemispheric activation .
if semantic processing is considered characteristic of the left hemisphere these findings can be taken as supporting the idea that involuntary direction of gaze may influence asymmetrical hemispheric [start] .

Directional asymmetry in eye gaze may be related as much to these or other variables as to differential hemispheric activation .
directional asymmetry in eye gaze may be related as much to these or other variables as to differential hemispheric [start] .

For example , the effect of holding in memory a visual pattern made up by randomly filling in half the cells of a matrix ( with either 3 , 4 or 5 cells per side ) did not produce `` general activation `` in the same way as words were found to do .
for example , the effect of holding in memory a visual pattern made up by randomly filling in half the cells of a matrix ( with either 3 , 4 or 5 cells per side ) did not produce `` general [start] `` in the same way as words were found to do .

Since there was an association between the direction of ear difference on the dichotic listening task , and asymmetry of hand movement , she concluded that activation of the speech system in one hemisphere is associated with concomitant activation of certain other motor systems in that same hemisphere .
since there was an association between the direction of ear difference on the dichotic listening task , and asymmetry of hand movement , she concluded that [start] of the speech system in one hemisphere is associated with concomitant [start] of certain other motor systems in that same hemisphere .

Suspended sentence — activation — whether activation of a suspended sentence is subject to restrictions on the maximum aggregate term of imprisonment which may be imposed in particular circumstances
suspended sentence — [start] — whether [start] of a suspended sentence is subject to restrictions on the maximum aggregate term of imprisonment which may be imposed in particular circumstances

It is not obvious why the Court was concerned with the possible application of Magistrates ' Courts Act 1980 , s.133 to the activation of the suspended sentence in this case ( although it concluded that it did not apply in any event ) .
it is not obvious why the court was concerned with the possible application of magistrates ' courts act 1980 , s.133 to the [start] of the suspended sentence in this case ( although it concluded that it did not apply in any event ) .

This would seem to run counter to the idea that receptor activation initiates a cascade of diverging biochemical pathways that conspire to produce an effect ( cell division , in this case ) ; and it seems to require that multiple kinases phosphorylate a small number of substrates , which , in turn , feed signals into a smaller number of Ras activators .
this would seem to run counter to the idea that receptor [start] initiates a cascade of diverging biochemical pathways that conspire to produce an effect ( cell division , in this case ) ; and it seems to require that multiple kinases phosphorylate a small number of substrates , which , in turn , feed signals into a smaller number of ras activators .

This interaction is not dependent on receptor activation ; it clearly occurs in vitro using recombinant proteins , and Grb2-Sos complexes can be detected in non-activated cells .
this interaction is not dependent on receptor [start] ; it clearly occurs in vitro using recombinant proteins , and grb2-sos complexes can be detected in non-activated cells .

This leaves open the possibility that the act of recruiting Sos to the plasma membrane triggers Ras activation by generating an increased local Sos concentration .
this leaves open the possibility that the act of recruiting sos to the plasma membrane triggers ras [start] by generating an increased local sos concentration .

Apparently , simultaneous activation of a neuron through both eyes is required to maintain connections to both eyes .
apparently , simultaneous [start] of a neuron through both eyes is required to maintain connections to both eyes .

The inflammatory state is maintained by interactions between the vascular endothelium and cells of the immune system , one of the common final pathways being activation of arachidonic acid metabolism .
the inflammatory state is maintained by interactions between the vascular endothelium and cells of the immune system , one of the common final pathways being [start] of arachidonic acid metabolism .

In general , in any sufferer from addictive disease , recovery from addiction to one specific drug or behaviour may lead to activation of the addictive tendency towards another .
in general , in any sufferer from addictive disease , recovery from addiction to one specific drug or behaviour may lead to [start] of the addictive tendency towards another .

These changes in turn provide signals to the cell nucleus , which results in the activation , first of a number of immediate early genes , and later the genes required for the synthesis of new synaptic membrane constituents , especially glycoproteins .
these changes in turn provide signals to the cell nucleus , which results in the [start] , first of a number of immediate early genes , and later the genes required for the synthesis of new synaptic membrane constituents , especially glycoproteins .

It is necessary to assume that , once a logogen has reached threshold , its activation level must decay away rapidly .
it is necessary to assume that , once a logogen has reached threshold , its [start] level must decay away rapidly .

For example , imagine that you have just seen cat , and the appropriate logogen has reached threshold , and activation of that logogen remains high .
for example , imagine that you have just seen cat , and the appropriate logogen has reached threshold , and [start] of that logogen remains high .

Then you see a visually similar word like cot which increases the activation of cat as well as the activation of cot ( because of the many features shared by these two words ) .
then you see a visually similar word like cot which increases the [start] of cat as well as the [start] of cot ( because of the many features shared by these two words ) .

This additional activation of cat might cause the logogen for cot to be more highly activated than the correct logogen for cot : cot would be incorrectly identified as cat .
this additional [start] of cat might cause the logogen for cot to be more highly activated than the correct logogen for cot : cot would be incorrectly identified as cat .

Morton ( 1968 ) therefore proposed that logogen activation ‘ … decays very rapidly with time , reaching its original value in something of the order of 1 second .
morton ( 1968 ) therefore proposed that logogen [start] ‘ … decays very rapidly with time , reaching its original value in something of the order of 1 second .

In the long run , the obvious consequence of this is that the more frequently a word occurs the lower the threshold of its logogen will be , and hence the less activation of the logogen needed for it to reach threshold .
in the long run , the obvious consequence of this is that the more frequently a word occurs the lower the threshold of its logogen will be , and hence the less [start] of the logogen needed for it to reach threshold .

As we mentioned earlier , once a logogen reaches threshold , its activation level does not immediately return to its normal resting level ; it decays over a period of a second or so .
as we mentioned earlier , once a logogen reaches threshold , its [start] level does not immediately return to its normal resting level ; it decays over a period of a second or so .

These long-term priming effects are explained , within the logogen model , by assuming that after threshold has been reached activation dies down rapidly at first over a period of a second or so , but does not quite reach the normal resting level : there follows a long period during which there is very slow decay of residual activation — a period measured in hours or even days .
these long-term priming effects are explained , within the logogen model , by assuming that after threshold has been reached [start] dies down rapidly at first over a period of a second or so , but does not quite reach the normal resting level : there follows a long period during which there is very slow decay of residual [start] — a period measured in hours or even days .

This is because , if there is only one logogen for fork , all these different tasks will involve activation of the same logogen .
this is because , if there is only one logogen for fork , all these different tasks will involve [start] of the same logogen .

If priming effects are to be attributed to residual activation of logogens , the absence of cross-modal priming effects means that one must abandon the view that a single logogen system is used for visual and auditory word recognition , picture naming , and responding to definitions .
if priming effects are to be attributed to residual [start] of logogens , the absence of cross-modal priming effects means that one must abandon the view that a single logogen system is used for visual and auditory word recognition , picture naming , and responding to definitions .

If priming effects arise because of residual logogen activation in the visual recognition system , then one can explain why priming occurs as it does .
if priming effects arise because of residual logogen [start] in the visual recognition system , then one can explain why priming occurs as it does .

One could relax the postulate of decisiveness of inhibition , and propose instead that the activation of letter detectors was more-or-less rather than all-or-none .
one could relax the postulate of decisiveness of inhibition , and propose instead that the [start] of letter detectors was more-or-less rather than all-or-none .

This would happen if the total amount of activation in a detector were determined by the amount of excitation minus the amount of inhibition .
this would happen if the total amount of [start] in a detector were determined by the amount of excitation minus the amount of inhibition .

It is the detection of letters in the mask whose occurrence is inconsistent with the current activation of the detector for the target word which inhibits the activation of the target-word detector .
it is the detection of letters in the mask whose occurrence is inconsistent with the current [start] of the detector for the target word which inhibits the [start] of the target-word detector .

The auditory word detectors are activated by input from a spoken word , and an essential aspect of the model is that this activation begins as soon as the first sounds in the word are heard .
the auditory word detectors are activated by input from a spoken word , and an essential aspect of the model is that this [start] begins as soon as the first sounds in the word are heard .

People can understand the relationship between these two sentences , and hence the coherence of this discourse , through the activation of relevant knowledge sources and elaborative inferences .
people can understand the relationship between these two sentences , and hence the coherence of this discourse , through the [start] of relevant knowledge sources and elaborative inferences .

— i.e. collections of short sentences , listing the more important facts first ( it is easier to parse short sentences , and controlling the ’ spread of activation ’ of background knowledge is easier ) ;
— i.e. collections of short sentences , listing the more important facts first ( it is easier to parse short sentences , and controlling the ’ spread of [start] ’ of background knowledge is easier ) ;

— which requires the disambiguation of word senses in the definitions to control the spread of activation caused by cross-referencing ;
— which requires the disambiguation of word senses in the definitions to control the spread of [start] caused by cross-referencing ;

The structure of their model is that of a network displaying the characteristics of both spreading activation and lateral inhibition .
the structure of their model is that of a network displaying the characteristics of both spreading [start] and lateral inhibition .

Charcoal is prepared from vegetable matter and petroleum , and ‘ activation ’ creates a highly developed internal pore structure , thereby increasing the surface area from 2–4 m 2 /g to more than 1000m 2 /g .
charcoal is prepared from vegetable matter and petroleum , and ‘ [start] ’ creates a highly developed internal pore structure , thereby increasing the surface area from 2–4 m 2 /g to more than 1000m 2 /g .

The systematic activation of prior knowledge can act to prepare for and deepen the likely response to a text .
the systematic [start] of prior knowledge can act to prepare for and deepen the likely response to a text .

Langer has done a good deal of research into the evaluation of this approach to schema activation , and she is convinced that is helps poor readers and good readers alike to learn more from difficult textbooks .
langer has done a good deal of research into the evaluation of this approach to schema [start] , and she is convinced that is helps poor readers and good readers alike to learn more from difficult textbooks .

The T-system may provide a pathway along which the peripheral excitation of a fibre is conducted inwards , while the sarcoplasmic reticulum probably controls the contraction cycle through the activation of myosin ATP-ase by calcium ions .
the t-system may provide a pathway along which the peripheral excitation of a fibre is conducted inwards , while the sarcoplasmic reticulum probably controls the contraction cycle through the [start] of myosin atp-ase by calcium ions .

The hindbrain and midbrain structures , normally associated with relaying sensory information to the cortex , spontaneously generate signals which are responsible for the cortical activation , and are also indistinguishable from signals which would normally have been relayed from the eyes and ears .
the hindbrain and midbrain structures , normally associated with relaying sensory information to the cortex , spontaneously generate signals which are responsible for the cortical [start] , and are also indistinguishable from signals which would normally have been relayed from the eyes and ears .

It is advisable to avoid fertilization of eggs ovulated more than 12 h previously because of the increased incidence of spontaneous parthenogenetic activation of aged eggs ( 9 ) due in part to the gradual disorganization of the cytoskeleton ( 10 ) .
it is advisable to avoid fertilization of eggs ovulated more than 12 h previously because of the increased incidence of spontaneous parthenogenetic [start] of aged eggs ( 9 ) due in part to the gradual disorganization of the cytoskeleton ( 10 ) .

Controlled experimental parthenogenetic activation of eggs is dealt with in Chapter 12 .
controlled experimental parthenogenetic [start] of eggs is dealt with in chapter 12 .

The mitotic divisions recovered from the pronuclear stages are unique because they reveal gametic chromosome complements ; thus , in a fertilized egg , male and female contributions can be distinguished , and in unfertilized eggs , the female chromosomes can be revealed by parthenogenetic activation with a variety of treatments ( ref.1 , and see Chapter 12 ) .
the mitotic divisions recovered from the pronuclear stages are unique because they reveal gametic chromosome complements ; thus , in a fertilized egg , male and female contributions can be distinguished , and in unfertilized eggs , the female chromosomes can be revealed by parthenogenetic [start] with a variety of treatments ( ref.1 , and see chapter 12 ) .

The single pronuclear haploid eggs produced by activation serve as a starting point for parthenogenetic studies in mammals ( 2 ) .
the single pronuclear haploid eggs produced by [start] serve as a starting point for parthenogenetic studies in mammals ( 2 ) .

In contrast to the functionalist , then , who sees the capacity of the human being to communicate as simply a vehicle for the ‘ activation ’ of imposed cultural rules , for the action theorist this capacity is the essential creative ingredient in social life .
in contrast to the functionalist , then , who sees the capacity of the human being to communicate as simply a vehicle for the ‘ [start] ’ of imposed cultural rules , for the action theorist this capacity is the essential creative ingredient in social life .

Biological response modifiers such as cytokines and growth factors released in peritumoral tissues , perhaps by the neoplastic cells themselves , may well be implicated in their activation .
biological response modifiers such as cytokines and growth factors released in peritumoral tissues , perhaps by the neoplastic cells themselves , may well be implicated in their [start] .

There is clearly the potential within the intestine for direct activation of subepithelial macrophages by lipopolysaccharides from the luminal flora , particularly after any breach of epithelial integrity .
there is clearly the potential within the intestine for direct [start] of subepithelial macrophages by lipopolysaccharides from the luminal flora , particularly after any breach of epithelial integrity .

Thus , the integrin family of molecules provides a mechanism whereby interaction with the extracellular matrix can cause rearrangement of the cellular cytoskeleton and signal changes in gene transcription through the activation of oncogenes and nuclear transcription elements .
thus , the integrin family of molecules provides a mechanism whereby interaction with the extracellular matrix can cause rearrangement of the cellular cytoskeleton and signal changes in gene transcription through the [start] of oncogenes and nuclear transcription elements .

Hepatocyte injury may also influence receptor expression and activation as described above .
hepatocyte injury may also influence receptor expression and [start] as described above .

Activation and deactivation of integrins as a result of stimulation of other integrin and non-integrin receptors has been described in platelets and lymphocytes but has not yet been studied in hepatocytes .
[start] and deactivation of integrins as a result of stimulation of other integrin and non-integrin receptors has been described in platelets and lymphocytes but has not yet been studied in hepatocytes .

Two broad categories of tumorigenic genetic lesions are now well recognised : ( a ) activation of proto-oncogenes ; and ( b ) loss or inactivation of tumour-suppressor genes .
two broad categories of tumorigenic genetic lesions are now well recognised : ( a ) [start] of proto-oncogenes ; and ( b ) loss or inactivation of tumour-suppressor genes .

Forskolin produces a direct activation of the catalytic subunit of adenylate cyclase , while cholera toxin causes a permanent activation of the guanine nucleotide regulatory subunit , Gs .
forskolin produces a direct [start] of the catalytic subunit of adenylate cyclase , while cholera toxin causes a permanent [start] of the guanine nucleotide regulatory subunit , gs .

The inflammatory response influenced intestinal fluid transport partly via activation of the enteric nervous system .
the inflammatory response influenced intestinal fluid transport partly via [start] of the enteric nervous system .

It was estimated that 50–60 % of the change in fluid transport caused by the parasite could be ascribed to activation of intramural nervous reflexes .
it was estimated that 50–60 % of the change in fluid transport caused by the parasite could be ascribed to [start] of intramural nervous reflexes .

The results of this study clearly suggest that the decreased fluid transport seen in the jejunum on days 6–9 after inoculation was at least partly mediated via activation of the enteric nervous system .
the results of this study clearly suggest that the decreased fluid transport seen in the jejunum on days 6–9 after inoculation was at least partly mediated via [start] of the enteric nervous system .

We agree with Grech and colleagues that neutrophil activation may be responsible .
we agree with grech and colleagues that neutrophil [start] may be responsible .

The data of During and Spencer provide the clearest evidence yet that enhanced activation of glutamate receptors contributes to the initiation of focal seizure activity .
the data of during and spencer provide the clearest evidence yet that enhanced [start] of glutamate receptors contributes to the initiation of focal seizure activity .

From animal experiments we know that activation of N-methyl-D-aspartate receptors contributes to cell death in hippocampal pyramidal neurons during lengthy limbic seizures .
from animal experiments we know that [start] of n-methyl-d-aspartate receptors contributes to cell death in hippocampal pyramidal neurons during lengthy limbic seizures .

Platelet and white cell activation are inhibited , as is the release of agents such as arachidonic acid metabolites , specifically thromboxane and cytokines such as interleukin-8 .
platelet and white cell [start] are inhibited , as is the release of agents such as arachidonic acid metabolites , specifically thromboxane and cytokines such as interleukin-8 .

On each activation of a particular process , the log file is extended .
on each [start] of a particular process , the log file is extended .

The Arrhenius equation provides a useful method for calculating the activation energy .
the arrhenius equation provides a useful method for calculating the [start] energy .

The activation energy for a reaction is the minimum energy which colliding molecules require for a reaction to take place .
the [start] energy for a reaction is the minimum energy which colliding molecules require for a reaction to take place .

We can use the Arrhenius equation to look at the effect of the temperature and activation energy on reaction rate .
we can use the arrhenius equation to look at the effect of the temperature and [start] energy on reaction rate .

In 1848 , the third aspect of the arrangement looked ripe for activation .
in 1848 , the third aspect of the arrangement looked ripe for [start] .

Among the recommendations being made by the British Parachute Association arising from his investigation of Mr Tipping 's death , was that parachutists should consider fitting automatic activation devices .
among the recommendations being made by the british parachute association arising from his investigation of mr tipping 's death , was that parachutists should consider fitting automatic [start] devices .

In a case along one wall were stored the six hundred and seventy-seven volumes of the Eternal Galactic Encyclopaedia , each cube awaiting activation .
in a case along one wall were stored the six hundred and seventy-seven volumes of the eternal galactic encyclopaedia , each cube awaiting [start] .

The catalytic activity of pancreatic lipase , like that of a number of other lipases , is greatly when the enzyme comes into contact with a lipid/ water interface — this is the phenomenon known as interfacial activation .
the catalytic activity of pancreatic lipase , like that of a number of other lipases , is greatly when the enzyme comes into contact with a lipid/ water interface — this is the phenomenon known as interfacial [start] .

The results tell us a great deal about the mechanistic basis of interfacial activation .
the results tell us a great deal about the mechanistic basis of interfacial [start] .

Once bound , interfacial activation brings the colipase molecule close to the lid and three hydrogen bonds between the fingers and the lid stabilize the conformation of the open complex .
once bound , interfacial [start] brings the colipase molecule close to the lid and three hydrogen bonds between the fingers and the lid stabilize the conformation of the open complex .

Crystallization is a process involving the orderly arrangement of chains and is consequently associated with a large negative entropy of activation .
crystallization is a process involving the orderly arrangement of chains and is consequently associated with a large negative entropy of [start] .

The segmental transposition involving six carbon atoms is called crankshaft motion and is believed to require an activation energy of about 25 kJ mol -1 .
the segmental transposition involving six carbon atoms is called crankshaft motion and is believed to require an [start] energy of about 25 kj mol -1 .

On such trials , subjects respond more quickly if the prime and target are related than unrelated , presumably reflecting a spread of semantic activation within the cognitive system .
on such trials , subjects respond more quickly if the prime and target are related than unrelated , presumably reflecting a spread of semantic [start] within the cognitive system .

Trace elements such as Sm , Dy , Eu , Er , Ce and Pb act as sensitizers or ‘ co-activators ’ , facilitating Mn 2 + activation ( Mukherjee , 1948 ; Schulman et al .
trace elements such as sm , dy , eu , er , ce and pb act as sensitizers or ‘ co-activators ’ , facilitating mn 2 + [start] ( mukherjee , 1948 ; schulman et al .

The idea that arousal , or activation , constitutes a unitary physiological dimension was important to a number of theorists particularly in the late fifties ( e.g .
the idea that arousal , or [start] , constitutes a unitary physiological dimension was important to a number of theorists particularly in the late fifties ( e.g .

Hockey , 1979 ; Lacey , 1967 ; Neiss , 1988 , 1990 ; Vanderwolf & Robinson , 1981 ; Venables , 1984 ) , for example by proposing separate general effects of arousal , activation and effort ( Pribram & McGuiness , 1975 ) .
hockey , 1979 ; lacey , 1967 ; neiss , 1988 , 1990 ; vanderwolf & robinson , 1981 ; venables , 1984 ) , for example by proposing separate general effects of arousal , [start] and effort ( pribram & mcguiness , 1975 ) .

Despite such problems , particularly in attempts to define specific neuropsychological correlates to all its forms , the concept of arousal , or activation , continues to be widely used in psychology ( e.g .
despite such problems , particularly in attempts to define specific neuropsychological correlates to all its forms , the concept of arousal , or [start] , continues to be widely used in psychology ( e.g .

However , the overall distribution of ratings , the majority being very low numbers with the occasional higher one , might equally be seen as supporting the idea that subjects are generally feeling no risk at all but occasionally give a high number with the activation of the ‘ subjective risk monitor ’ ( Summala , 1976 ) .
however , the overall distribution of ratings , the majority being very low numbers with the occasional higher one , might equally be seen as supporting the idea that subjects are generally feeling no risk at all but occasionally give a high number with the [start] of the ‘ subjective risk monitor ’ ( summala , 1976 ) .

In several European countries there were disclosures during November concerning clandestine anti-communist units , apparently set up at the height of the Cold War in the 1950s and intended to lie dormant for activation in the event of a communist takeover .
in several european countries there were disclosures during november concerning clandestine anti-communist units , apparently set up at the height of the cold war in the 1950s and intended to lie dormant for [start] in the event of a communist takeover .

This implies the rather restricting condition that they all have the same activation energy and there are doubts upon this point being raised in recent research .
this implies the rather restricting condition that they all have the same [start] energy and there are doubts upon this point being raised in recent research .

This highly reactive metabolite of ethanol has been shown to form adducts with liver plasma membranes which result in activation of the complement sequence .
this highly reactive metabolite of ethanol has been shown to form adducts with liver plasma membranes which result in [start] of the complement sequence .

The concomitant reduction in intestinal blood loss after metronidazole treatment suggests that most of the complications of the inflammation ( blood and protein loss , ileal dysfunction ) are a consequence of neutrophil activation .
the concomitant reduction in intestinal blood loss after metronidazole treatment suggests that most of the complications of the inflammation ( blood and protein loss , ileal dysfunction ) are a consequence of neutrophil [start] .

As a result of the gradual activation of loperamide oxide , associated with lessened absorption of loperamide into the systemic circulation , it has been suggested that the incidence of adverse effects such as constipation may be less .
as a result of the gradual [start] of loperamide oxide , associated with lessened absorption of loperamide into the systemic circulation , it has been suggested that the incidence of adverse effects such as constipation may be less .

The potential pathogenicity of free radicals has been emphasised by recent work which suggests that reactive oxygen metabolities are not just one of a number of mediators and cytokines involved in the inflammatory process in inflammatory bowel disease but may have a pivotal role by initiating the expression of genes controlling may other aspects of the inflammatory , immune , and acute phase response , by activation of the transcription factor NF-kΒ .
the potential pathogenicity of free radicals has been emphasised by recent work which suggests that reactive oxygen metabolities are not just one of a number of mediators and cytokines involved in the inflammatory process in inflammatory bowel disease but may have a pivotal role by initiating the expression of genes controlling may other aspects of the inflammatory , immune , and acute phase response , by [start] of the transcription factor nf-kβ .

Superoxide and hydrogen peroxide increase mucosal and vascular permeability , are involved in the recruitment and activation of neutrophils , and are precursors of the more damaging hydroxyl radical ( via Fenton chemistry ) and hypochlorite ( via the action of myeloperoxidase released by activated neurtophils ) .
superoxide and hydrogen peroxide increase mucosal and vascular permeability , are involved in the recruitment and [start] of neutrophils , and are precursors of the more damaging hydroxyl radical ( via fenton chemistry ) and hypochlorite ( via the action of myeloperoxidase released by activated neurtophils ) .

In Crohn 's disease , however , where the mononuclear cell infiltrate is both transmural and patchy , the neutrophils are mainly centred around ulcers and show little evidence of the activation that occurs on contact with a chemoattractant .
in crohn 's disease , however , where the mononuclear cell infiltrate is both transmural and patchy , the neutrophils are mainly centred around ulcers and show little evidence of the [start] that occurs on contact with a chemoattractant .

Role of platelet activating factor on the fibrinolytic activation in the pathogenesis of gastric mucosal damage induced by endothelin-1
role of platelet activating factor on the fibrinolytic [start] in the pathogenesis of gastric mucosal damage induced by endothelin-1

The aim of this study is to elucidate the effect of endothelin-1 on the tissue type plasminogen activator activation followed by mucosal damage in the rat stomach .
the aim of this study is to elucidate the effect of endothelin-1 on the tissue type plasminogen activator [start] followed by mucosal damage in the rat stomach .

In addition we have also investigated the involvement of platelet activating factor in the endothelin induced fibrinolytic activation .
in addition we have also investigated the involvement of platelet activating factor in the endothelin induced fibrinolytic [start] .

We previously showed that the excessive activation of tissue type plasminogen activator , mediated by microvascular endothelial cells , plays a crucial role in the development of gastric mucosal injury induced by ischaemia reperfusion in rats .
we previously showed that the excessive [start] of tissue type plasminogen activator , mediated by microvascular endothelial cells , plays a crucial role in the development of gastric mucosal injury induced by ischaemia reperfusion in rats .

Thus , divergence of antigen and activity levels of the plasminogen activators is the consequence of a complex regulation cascade of proenzyme activation , receptor binding , and inactivation by inhibitors .
thus , divergence of antigen and activity levels of the plasminogen activators is the consequence of a complex regulation cascade of proenzyme [start] , receptor binding , and inactivation by inhibitors .

This vasodilatation is thought to be the mechanism triggering the activation of neurohumoral factors contributing to sodium retention , extracellular fluid volume expansion and ascites formation .
this vasodilatation is thought to be the mechanism triggering the [start] of neurohumoral factors contributing to sodium retention , extracellular fluid volume expansion and ascites formation .

As already mentioned , activation of neurohumoral vasoactive factors is triggered by the extreme vasodilation frequently seen in these patients .
as already mentioned , [start] of neurohumoral vasoactive factors is triggered by the extreme vasodilation frequently seen in these patients .

Cyclosporin has been shown to interfere with the interleukin 2 pathway of immune activation in Crohn 's disease .
cyclosporin has been shown to interfere with the interleukin 2 pathway of immune [start] in crohn 's disease .

The activation of immune mechanisms was evaluated by the solid phase enzyme linked immunoassay of immunoglobulin and specific antibody secreting cells in 27 patients ( aged from nine to 69 months ) , subjected to a diagnostic cow 's milk challenge or a rechallenge .
the [start] of immune mechanisms was evaluated by the solid phase enzyme linked immunoassay of immunoglobulin and specific antibody secreting cells in 27 patients ( aged from nine to 69 months ) , subjected to a diagnostic cow 's milk challenge or a rechallenge .

These results confirm increased macrophage activation in inflammatory bowel disease and suggest functional heterogeneity within the intestinal macrophage population .
these results confirm increased macrophage [start] in inflammatory bowel disease and suggest functional heterogeneity within the intestinal macrophage population .

Inflammatory conditions of the gut ( whether a result of infection , experimental manipulations or idiopathic ) are associated with increased turnover and activation of intestinal macrophages , which represent a large fraction of the total macrophage pool of the body .
inflammatory conditions of the gut ( whether a result of infection , experimental manipulations or idiopathic ) are associated with increased turnover and [start] of intestinal macrophages , which represent a large fraction of the total macrophage pool of the body .

Previous observations have suggested that in ulcerative colitis or Crohn 's disease macrophage activation is associated with increased heterogeneity and the appearance of specialised subpopulations of cells .
previous observations have suggested that in ulcerative colitis or crohn 's disease macrophage [start] is associated with increased heterogeneity and the appearance of specialised subpopulations of cells .

This results might have two different interpretations : ( i ) the recruitment of new populations of cells from the blood stream : or ( ii ) the activation in situ of certain subsets of tissue macrophages , which do not express the gene constitutively .
this results might have two different interpretations : ( i ) the recruitment of new populations of cells from the blood stream : or ( ii ) the [start] in situ of certain subsets of tissue macrophages , which do not express the gene constitutively .

The subclass composition of an IgG response is of biological significance because of the striking isotype related differences with regard to binding and activation of complement , promotion of phagocytosis , and mediation of antibody dependent cellular cytotoxicity .
the subclass composition of an igg response is of biological significance because of the striking isotype related differences with regard to binding and [start] of complement , promotion of phagocytosis , and mediation of antibody dependent cellular cytotoxicity .

An enzyme works by combining reversibly with the substances whose reaction it is catalysing , and by so doing lowering the activation energy ( Figure 8 , a2 and b2 ) .
an enzyme works by combining reversibly with the substances whose reaction it is catalysing , and by so doing lowering the [start] energy ( figure 8 , a2 and b2 ) .

There is however a second category , of non-covalent bonds , which differ in that the energies involved , and in particular the activation energies , are much lower .
there is however a second category , of non-covalent bonds , which differ in that the energies involved , and in particular the [start] energies , are much lower .

Because of the low activation energies , such reactions are often readily reversible at room temperature .
because of the low [start] energies , such reactions are often readily reversible at room temperature .

Activation of this third type of neurone has the effect of increasing the amount of neurotransmitter released at the synapse between sensory and motor neurones , for each nerve impulse travelling down the axon of the sensory cell .
[start] of this third type of neurone has the effect of increasing the amount of neurotransmitter released at the synapse between sensory and motor neurones , for each nerve impulse travelling down the axon of the sensory cell .

Morphogenesis is seen as a combination of pattern-forming processes , and of the activation and inactivation of genes .
morphogenesis is seen as a combination of pattern-forming processes , and of the [start] and inactivation of genes .

As a model of gene activation , the mechanism discovered by Jacob and Monod in bacteria again provides a satisfactory prototype , although we know that the changes that occur in eukaryotic cells are different at a molecular level , and far more stable .
as a model of gene [start] , the mechanism discovered by jacob and monod in bacteria again provides a satisfactory prototype , although we know that the changes that occur in eukaryotic cells are different at a molecular level , and far more stable .

As in previous privatisation , activation of the clawback would give a massive fillip to the share price when dealings open next month .
as in previous privatisation , [start] of the clawback would give a massive fillip to the share price when dealings open next month .

An extensive nerve network receives stimulation on the surfaces , and when stimulation exceeds a threshold , responses are generated by activation of an equally diffuse system of motor neurons .
an extensive nerve network receives stimulation on the surfaces , and when stimulation exceeds a threshold , responses are generated by [start] of an equally diffuse system of motor neurons .

The activation of amotivational system ( say , fear , escape , aggression , sex ) is expressed through behaviour provided by the neuromuscular systems of the body .
the [start] of amotivational system ( say , fear , escape , aggression , sex ) is expressed through behaviour provided by the neuromuscular systems of the body .

Where more than one detector is required to give adequate protection to a dwelling , they will have to be interconnected so that the activation of one unit will operate the alarm on all the detectors provided .
where more than one detector is required to give adequate protection to a dwelling , they will have to be interconnected so that the [start] of one unit will operate the alarm on all the detectors provided .

Activation is simple too .
[start] is simple too .

Activation energies may often be obtained from rate measurements by using transition state theory .
[start] energies may often be obtained from rate measurements by using transition state theory .

Isotope effects and activation entropies can offer qualitative structural data , but geometries can still only be worked out through theory .
isotope effects and [start] entropies can offer qualitative structural data , but geometries can still only be worked out through theory .

The chapter on new free radical reactions discusses the Barbier reaction — which is similar to the Grignard reaction — and the next chapter gives details of catalyst preparation , activation and the various types of systems , with a comprehensive list of references .
the chapter on new free radical reactions discusses the barbier reaction — which is similar to the grignard reaction — and the next chapter gives details of catalyst preparation , [start] and the various types of systems , with a comprehensive list of references .

6.2 Discriminant analysis results of neutron activation data for Spanish tin-glazed pottery known to be from Malaga , Valencia and Seville .
6.2 discriminant analysis results of neutron [start] data for spanish tin-glazed pottery known to be from malaga , valencia and seville .

Neutron activation analysis
neutron [start] analysis

Neutron activation analysis ( see glossary ) was developed in the mid-1940s , following the introduction of nuclear reactors .
neutron [start] analysis ( see glossary ) was developed in the mid-1940s , following the introduction of nuclear reactors .

Instrumental neutron activation is still selected most frequently because of its sensitivity , accuracy and the wide range of elements which can be measured in a single sample .
instrumental neutron [start] is still selected most frequently because of its sensitivity , accuracy and the wide range of elements which can be measured in a single sample .

This is where neutron activation analysis enables us to source them with certainty .
this is where neutron [start] analysis enables us to source them with certainty .

Neutron activation was not chosen because those elements which it can measure in flint ( as compared to pottery ) are more erratically distributed than those measured by atomic absorption ( the major elements in clay ) , and this makes it harder to distinguish the products of any two mines .
neutron [start] was not chosen because those elements which it can measure in flint ( as compared to pottery ) are more erratically distributed than those measured by atomic absorption ( the major elements in clay ) , and this makes it harder to distinguish the products of any two mines .

Because marble is ultra-pure calcium carbonate , the technique for trace analysis has to be very sensitive and instrumental neutron activation analysis has proved ideal for this .
because marble is ultra-pure calcium carbonate , the technique for trace analysis has to be very sensitive and instrumental neutron [start] analysis has proved ideal for this .

Quarried blocks of marble and finished sculptures have been analysed by neutron activation and the results have been very encouraging .
quarried blocks of marble and finished sculptures have been analysed by neutron [start] and the results have been very encouraging .

The radioactive components in the pottery and the soil are uranium , thorium and potassium , which can be readily detected by analytical techniques such as neutron activation analysis ( see glossary ) , and their contributions to the dose rate then calculated from knowledge of how they decay radioactively .
the radioactive components in the pottery and the soil are uranium , thorium and potassium , which can be readily detected by analytical techniques such as neutron [start] analysis ( see glossary ) , and their contributions to the dose rate then calculated from knowledge of how they decay radioactively .

For example , neutron activation analysis ( see glossary ) , one of the techniques used to determine the composition of ancient ceramics , would be impossible without a computer program , since the calculations required are so complex and extensive that not even the most resilient individual armed with a pocket calculator could possibly complete them in a single lifetime .
for example , neutron [start] analysis ( see glossary ) , one of the techniques used to determine the composition of ancient ceramics , would be impossible without a computer program , since the calculations required are so complex and extensive that not even the most resilient individual armed with a pocket calculator could possibly complete them in a single lifetime .

It will be recalled that , according to this theory , a stimulus is held to be fully effective only when it is able to generate the Al ( primary activation ) state in the node that constitutes its central representation .
it will be recalled that , according to this theory , a stimulus is held to be fully effective only when it is able to generate the al ( primary [start] ) state in the node that constitutes its central representation .

It would maximise civilian tactics of resistance and defuse the natural potential for violence , containing and eventually eliminating the marginal but intrusive phenomenon of collaborator activation by Israeli security authorities and collaborator execution by local Palestinians .
it would maximise civilian tactics of resistance and defuse the natural potential for violence , containing and eventually eliminating the marginal but intrusive phenomenon of collaborator [start] by israeli security authorities and collaborator execution by local palestinians .

This implies that signals from HeLa cell cytoplasm have entered the chick nucleus and brought about this gene activation .
this implies that signals from hela cell cytoplasm have entered the chick nucleus and brought about this gene [start] .

Activation of one gene can lead to the synthesis of a protein which activates some genes and inhibits others , which in turn may control yet other genes .
[start] of one gene can lead to the synthesis of a protein which activates some genes and inhibits others , which in turn may control yet other genes .

This may in turn induce protest from subjects whose activation of any right or freedom to protest may make the task of governing more difficult .
this may in turn induce protest from subjects whose [start] of any right or freedom to protest may make the task of governing more difficult .

The reaction was to try to speed up the reallocation of those remaining at Barham House ( a process which was unintentionally assisted by the activation of the internment laws ) , to provide the best possible reason for closing the place down .
the reaction was to try to speed up the reallocation of those remaining at barham house ( a process which was unintentionally assisted by the [start] of the internment laws ) , to provide the best possible reason for closing the place down .

Platelet-specific protein levels have been compared in diabetics with and without clinical evidence of vascular disease ( Betteridge et al , 1981 ) , and although there was a more pronounced increase in diabetics with retinopathy , those diabetics without clinical evidence of vascular disease still had higher levels of platelet-specific proteins than controls suggesting that the enhanced platelet activation may not just be a consequence of vascular damage but may precede its development .
platelet-specific protein levels have been compared in diabetics with and without clinical evidence of vascular disease ( betteridge et al , 1981 ) , and although there was a more pronounced increase in diabetics with retinopathy , those diabetics without clinical evidence of vascular disease still had higher levels of platelet-specific proteins than controls suggesting that the enhanced platelet [start] may not just be a consequence of vascular damage but may precede its development .

‘ Any further search for a definition would be axiomatic ’ suggests Moncrieff , and this does seem to be true , the Third Karolinska Institute Symposium on Environmental Health , defining an odour as ‘ The product of the activation of the sense of smell , an olfactory experience ’ .
‘ any further search for a definition would be axiomatic ’ suggests moncrieff , and this does seem to be true , the third karolinska institute symposium on environmental health , defining an odour as ‘ the product of the [start] of the sense of smell , an olfactory experience ’ .

context-derived preferences for one sense of a word over another , as modelled , for example , in script-based processing ( Schank & Abelson 1977 ) and systems using marker passing or spreading activation ( Alshawi 1987 ; Hirst 1987 ) ;
context-derived preferences for one sense of a word over another , as modelled , for example , in script-based processing ( schank & abelson 1977 ) and systems using marker passing or spreading [start] ( alshawi 1987 ; hirst 1987 ) ;

But while these reports neatly confirm Kein 's and Hayward 's ideas about the activation of proto-oncogenes in leukaemias and lymphomas , they have also helped to unleash a surprisingly violent controversy about how the proto-oncogene is activated .
but while these reports neatly confirm kein 's and hayward 's ideas about the [start] of proto-oncogenes in leukaemias and lymphomas , they have also helped to unleash a surprisingly violent controversy about how the proto-oncogene is activated .

But however heated the protagonists may become about whether proto-oncogene activation entails qualitative or quantitative changes , no one on the outside will be very surprised if it turns out both are right .
but however heated the protagonists may become about whether proto-oncogene [start] entails qualitative or quantitative changes , no one on the outside will be very surprised if it turns out both are right .

By repeating this ‘ activation ’ process twice , the researchers managed to make a film three monolayers thick .
by repeating this ‘ [start] ’ process twice , the researchers managed to make a film three monolayers thick .

Even their dry seeds await the softening activation of water , sometimes for centuries , before they break forth in growth .
even their dry seeds await the softening [start] of water , sometimes for centuries , before they break forth in growth .

For the former , the outer layer can improve biocompatibility ; in this way the tendency for surface coagulation , complement activation and an immunological response are much less .
for the former , the outer layer can improve biocompatibility ; in this way the tendency for surface coagulation , complement [start] and an immunological response are much less .

However , because of the complexity and interdependence of the many parameters that govern platelet activation and coagulation , few , if any , satisfactory thromboresistant materials have been reported .
however , because of the complexity and interdependence of the many parameters that govern platelet [start] and coagulation , few , if any , satisfactory thromboresistant materials have been reported .

In addition to deposition , events such as activation of components of the complement or clotting factor cascades can occur , which lead to generation of moieties which interact with other cell types — eg neutrophils , lymphocytes and macrophages — involved in inflammatory processes .
in addition to deposition , events such as [start] of components of the complement or clotting factor cascades can occur , which lead to generation of moieties which interact with other cell types — eg neutrophils , lymphocytes and macrophages — involved in inflammatory processes .

Thus , for blood-contacting devices , tests for platelet adhesion and activation , complement activation , and activation of the intrinsic clotting pathway are important ( Table 1 ) .
thus , for blood-contacting devices , tests for platelet adhesion and [start] , complement [start] , and [start] of the intrinsic clotting pathway are important ( table 1 ) .

Phosphorylcholine treated surfaces show essentially no complement or contact activation .
phosphorylcholine treated surfaces show essentially no complement or contact [start] .

As J. Monod properly emphasized three decades ago in a slightly dierent context concerning activation and inhibition of enzymes at allosteric sites on the enzyme that are distant from the catalytic site , the relation of chemical structures that achieve control of catalysis are utterly arbitrary with respect to the chemical structures that undergo the catalysis .
as j. monod properly emphasized three decades ago in a slightly dierent context concerning [start] and inhibition of enzymes at allosteric sites on the enzyme that are distant from the catalytic site , the relation of chemical structures that achieve control of catalysis are utterly arbitrary with respect to the chemical structures that undergo the catalysis .

The original law signed by the governor required screening of all injured patients admitted to an acute care hospital as well as injured patients who required the activation of a trauma team response or who were transferred to or from an acute care institution .
the original law signed by the governor required screening of all injured patients admitted to an acute care hospital as well as injured patients who required the [start] of a trauma team response or who were transferred to or from an acute care institution .

However , in the spring of 2000 the FDNY asked that an activation console for the repeater system be placed instead in the lobby fire safety desk of each of the towers , making FDNY personnel entirely responsible for its activation .
however , in the spring of 2000 the fdny asked that an [start] console for the repeater system be placed instead in the lobby fire safety desk of each of the towers , making fdny personnel entirely responsible for its [start] .

One button on the repeater system activation console in the North Tower was pressed at 8:54 , though it is unclear by whom .
one button on the repeater system [start] console in the north tower was pressed at 8:54 , though it is unclear by whom .

As a result of this activation , communication became possible between FDNY portable radios on the repeater channel .
as a result of this [start] , communication became possible between fdny portable radios on the repeater channel .

The activation of transmission on the master handset required , however , that a second button be pressed .
the [start] of transmission on the master handset required , however , that a second button be pressed .

For the Emergency Operations Center 's activation , see OEM interview 3 ( Mar .
for the emergency operations center 's [start] , see oem interview 3 ( mar .

For FDNY personnel requesting the repeater 's activation , see FDNY interview 4 , Chief ( Jan. 8 , 2004 ) .
for fdny personnel requesting the repeater 's [start] , see fdny interview 4 , chief ( jan. 8 , 2004 ) .

For one button on the repeater channel being activated , see PANYNJ interview 1 ( Nov. 6 , 2003 ) ; PANYNJ interview 4 ( May 10 , 2004 ) ; Port Authority records , measurements of repeater activation tones on Sept. 11,2001 , undated .
for one button on the repeater channel being activated , see panynj interview 1 ( nov. 6 , 2003 ) ; panynj interview 4 ( may 10 , 2004 ) ; port authority records , measurements of repeater [start] tones on sept. 11,2001 , undated .

For it being unclear who triggered activation , see WTC interview 6 ( May 25 , 2004 ) .
for it being unclear who triggered [start] , see wtc interview 6 ( may 25 , 2004 ) .

For the master handset not being able to transmit , see PANYNJ interview 1 ( Nov. 6 , 2003 ) ; PANYNJ interview 4 ( May 10 , 2004 ) ; Port Authority records , measurements of repeater activation tones on Sept. 11 , 2001 , undated .
for the master handset not being able to transmit , see panynj interview 1 ( nov. 6 , 2003 ) ; panynj interview 4 ( may 10 , 2004 ) ; port authority records , measurements of repeater [start] tones on sept. 11 , 2001 , undated .

This reaction can be stimulated by activation of protein kinase C ( PKC ) or extracellular-signal-regulated protein kinases ( ERKs ) [ 5,6,7 ] or by inactivation of protein phosphatase 1 or 2A [ 5 ] .
this reaction can be stimulated by [start] of protein kinase c ( pkc ) or extracellular-signal-regulated protein kinases ( erks ) [ 5,6,7 ] or by inactivation of protein phosphatase 1 or 2a [ 5 ] .

Activation of ROCK1 occurs when a Rho protein binds to the Rho-binding domain , causing a conformational change that opens the kinase domain for the phosphorylation of downstream effectors [ 23 ] .
[start] of rock1 occurs when a rho protein binds to the rho-binding domain , causing a conformational change that opens the kinase domain for the phosphorylation of downstream effectors [ 23 ] .

In the current study , we demonstrate that activation of sAPP α shedding from cultured cells by atorvastatin or simvastatin involves isoprenoid-mediated protein phosphorylation .
in the current study , we demonstrate that [start] of sapp α shedding from cultured cells by atorvastatin or simvastatin involves isoprenoid-mediated protein phosphorylation .

When these results are taken together with independent work on regulated shedding of transforming growth factor α ( TGFα ) [ 35,36 ] , a parsimonious explanation is that an important target for activation of ectodomain shedding is probably located at the plasma membrane or downstream of APP residence at the plasma membrane .
when these results are taken together with independent work on regulated shedding of transforming growth factor α ( tgfα ) [ 35,36 ] , a parsimonious explanation is that an important target for [start] of ectodomain shedding is probably located at the plasma membrane or downstream of app residence at the plasma membrane .

In our opinion , this molecule is rather unlikely to play a major role in shedding regulation , given the specificity of Munc-13 effects for phorbols and the generalization of the regulated shedding phenomenon to include activation by protein phosphatase inhibitors and neurotransmitters .
in our opinion , this molecule is rather unlikely to play a major role in shedding regulation , given the specificity of munc-13 effects for phorbols and the generalization of the regulated shedding phenomenon to include [start] by protein phosphatase inhibitors and neurotransmitters .

Simvastatin caused a typical activation of sAPP α shedding from GFP-transfected cells .
simvastatin caused a typical [start] of sapp α shedding from gfp-transfected cells .

In studies aimed at independent confirmation of the involvement of ROCK activation in sAPP α shedding , we treated SweAPP N2a cells with arachidonic acid , an activator of ROCK .
in studies aimed at independent confirmation of the involvement of rock [start] in sapp α shedding , we treated sweapp n2a cells with arachidonic acid , an activator of rock .

The foregoing data indicate that statin-induced activation of APP shedding in cultured cells involves the Rho/ROCK pathway .
the foregoing data indicate that statin-induced [start] of app shedding in cultured cells involves the rho/rock pathway .

More specifically , the data indicate that ROCK1 activation blocks the effects of statins on APP ectodomain shedding , while ROCK1 blockade alone can mimic the effect of statins on APP shedding .
more specifically , the data indicate that rock1 [start] blocks the effects of statins on app ectodomain shedding , while rock1 blockade alone can mimic the effect of statins on app shedding .

We recently excluded the possibility that either PKC or ERK plays a role in statin-activated shedding [ 16 ] , raising the possibility that other protein phosphorylation signaling pathways might link statins and/or cholesterol to α-secretase activation .
we recently excluded the possibility that either pkc or erk plays a role in statin-activated shedding [ 16 ] , raising the possibility that other protein phosphorylation signaling pathways might link statins and/or cholesterol to α-secretase [start] .

These investigators discovered that activation of ROCK1 may account for how nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs specify the scissile bond within the APP transmembrane domain that is cleaved by presenilin/γ-secretase to generate the C-terminus of Aβ .
these investigators discovered that [start] of rock1 may account for how nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs specify the scissile bond within the app transmembrane domain that is cleaved by presenilin/γ-secretase to generate the c-terminus of aβ .

Taken together , these results suggest the existence of a reciprocal relationship between isoprenoid-mediated Rho/ROCK signaling and sAPP α shedding , i.e. , activation of ROCK1 blocks basal and stimulated shedding while ROCK1 inhibition apparently relieves a tonic negative influence exerted on shedding by ROCK1 activity .
taken together , these results suggest the existence of a reciprocal relationship between isoprenoid-mediated rho/rock signaling and sapp α shedding , i.e. , [start] of rock1 blocks basal and stimulated shedding while rock1 inhibition apparently relieves a tonic negative influence exerted on shedding by rock1 activity .

The cytoplasmic domains of both APP and ADAM-17 have been evaluated as candidates for important targets of protein phosphorylation during the regulated shedding process , but neither “ substrate activation ” nor “ enzyme activation ” appears to explain the phenomenon , i.e. , phosphorylation of neither APP nor ADAM-17 dramatically increases the efficiency of α-secretion [ 61,62 ] , indicating that activation is more indirect .
the cytoplasmic domains of both app and adam-17 have been evaluated as candidates for important targets of protein phosphorylation during the regulated shedding process , but neither “ substrate [start] ” nor “ enzyme [start] ” appears to explain the phenomenon , i.e. , phosphorylation of neither app nor adam-17 dramatically increases the efficiency of α-secretion [ 61,62 ] , indicating that [start] is more indirect .

Nonetheless , α-secretase activation has been validated as a viable therapeutic strategy for modulating cerebral amyloidosis [ 67 ] .
nonetheless , α-secretase [start] has been validated as a viable therapeutic strategy for modulating cerebral amyloidosis [ 67 ] .

Identification of the role of the Rho/ROCK pathway in regulating α-secretase provides a new avenue for its therapeutic activation , even though the potential relevance of atorvastatin-mediated ROCK1 inhibition in neurons may not explain the apparent clinical benefits of the drug .
identification of the role of the rho/rock pathway in regulating α-secretase provides a new avenue for its therapeutic [start] , even though the potential relevance of atorvastatin-mediated rock1 inhibition in neurons may not explain the apparent clinical benefits of the drug .

Ligand binding activates the kinase , resulting in autophosphorylation and initiation of a series of phosphotransfer reactions that culminates with the activation of a response regulator protein that functions as the effector component of the pathway .
ligand binding activates the kinase , resulting in autophosphorylation and initiation of a series of phosphotransfer reactions that culminates with the [start] of a response regulator protein that functions as the effector component of the pathway .

Here , the FGF signal leads to neural induction through the coordinated activation of two transcription factors , Ets1/2 and GATAa , whereas FGF does not activate GATAa during its function in mesoderm formation .
here , the fgf signal leads to neural induction through the coordinated [start] of two transcription factors , ets1/2 and gataa , whereas fgf does not activate gataa during its function in mesoderm formation .

When activated , pattern recognition receptors induce intracellular signaling via the transcription factor NF-κB , resulting in the activation of genes involved in host defense .
when activated , pattern recognition receptors induce intracellular signaling via the transcription factor nf-κb , resulting in the [start] of genes involved in host defense .

A microbial infection initiates a zymogen cascade that plays a crucial role in the activation of the antimicrobial genes in the fat body .
a microbial infection initiates a zymogen cascade that plays a crucial role in the [start] of the antimicrobial genes in the fat body .

NF-κB Activation : The Toll and Imd Pathways of Drosophila The Drosophila genome encodes several members of the multifunctional Toll family of receptors ( Beutler and Rehli 2002 ) .
nf-κb [start] : the toll and imd pathways of drosophila the drosophila genome encodes several members of the multifunctional toll family of receptors ( beutler and rehli 2002 ) .

However , Toll does not act as a pattern recognition receptor in the fly ; instead its activation depends on the presence of the processed ( active ) form of the growth-factor-like polypeptide Spätzle .
however , toll does not act as a pattern recognition receptor in the fly ; instead its [start] depends on the presence of the processed ( active ) form of the growth-factor-like polypeptide spätzle .

The effector NF-κB transcription factor of the Imd pathway is Relish , which upon immune activation is cleaved by the Dredd caspase ( Figure 2 ) .
the effector nf-κb transcription factor of the imd pathway is relish , which upon immune [start] is cleaved by the dredd caspase ( figure 2 ) .

Using a combination of the RNA interference approach of silencing gene function and a high-throughput cell culture assay , Foley and O'Farrell ( 2004 ) report the identification of two new conserved members of this Imd pathway : Sickie is a novel protein required for Relish activation , and Defense repressor 1 is a novel inhibitor of the Dredd caspase .
using a combination of the rna interference approach of silencing gene function and a high-throughput cell culture assay , foley and o'farrell ( 2004 ) report the identification of two new conserved members of this imd pathway : sickie is a novel protein required for relish [start] , and defense repressor 1 is a novel inhibitor of the dredd caspase .

Certainly I see…antagonism of some of these pathways that nicotine activates or the complementary activation of the cannabinoid pathways as very important targets for therapeutics with respect to the anorexia that 's associated with chemotherapy. ” Ming Li and his colleagues at the University of Texas in San Antonio , Texas , are studying nicotine 's effects on weight and on expression of genes that nicotine upregulates orexin and neuropeptide Y and , more recently , that it also regulates leptin signaling .
certainly i see…antagonism of some of these pathways that nicotine activates or the complementary [start] of the cannabinoid pathways as very important targets for therapeutics with respect to the anorexia that 's associated with chemotherapy. ” ming li and his colleagues at the university of texas in san antonio , texas , are studying nicotine 's effects on weight and on expression of genes that nicotine upregulates orexin and neuropeptide y and , more recently , that it also regulates leptin signaling .

Am I getting an activation or am I turning the receptors off ? ” Much of the work to date showing nicotine 's effectiveness on a huge range of disorders has involved products available at any drugstore and intended to help people quit smoking .
am i getting an [start] or am i turning the receptors off ? ” much of the work to date showing nicotine 's effectiveness on a huge range of disorders has involved products available at any drugstore and intended to help people quit smoking .

Specifically , we show that glucose stimulates CD36 cell surface expression in proximal tubular epithelial cells ( PTECs ) , and increased CD36 renders PTECs susceptible to both AGE- and PA-induced PTEC apoptosis by mediating sequential activation of src kinase , proapoptotic p38 MAPK , and caspase 3 .
specifically , we show that glucose stimulates cd36 cell surface expression in proximal tubular epithelial cells ( ptecs ) , and increased cd36 renders ptecs susceptible to both age- and pa-induced ptec apoptosis by mediating sequential [start] of src kinase , proapoptotic p38 mapk , and caspase 3 .

AGE-BSA and PA Sequentially Activate src kinase , Proapoptotic p38 MAPK , and Caspase 3 through CD36 Receptor CD36 has previously been shown to trigger the activation of p59fyn , p38 MAPK , and caspase 3 ( GeneID : 836 ) in response to thrombospondin in endothelial cells [ 8 ] .
age-bsa and pa sequentially activate src kinase , proapoptotic p38 mapk , and caspase 3 through cd36 receptor cd36 has previously been shown to trigger the [start] of p59fyn , p38 mapk , and caspase 3 ( geneid : 836 ) in response to thrombospondin in endothelial cells [ 8 ] .

Therefore we examined phospho-src , phospho-p38 levels and caspase 3 activation in HK-2 PTECs treated with AGE-BSA and PA in the absence or presence of anti-CD36 neutralizing antibody .
therefore we examined phospho-src , phospho-p38 levels and caspase 3 [start] in hk-2 ptecs treated with age-bsa and pa in the absence or presence of anti-cd36 neutralizing antibody .

We also observed increased levels of phosphorylation of p38 MAPK beginning 1 to 2 h after treatment , and p38 activation was also completely blocked by anti-CD36 neutralizing antibody ( Figure 5C and 5D ) .
we also observed increased levels of phosphorylation of p38 mapk beginning 1 to 2 h after treatment , and p38 [start] was also completely blocked by anti-cd36 neutralizing antibody ( figure 5c and 5d ) .

These findings indicate that CD36 activates proapoptotic p38 MAPK possibly via src kinase activation in human PTECs when stimulated with AGE-BSA5 and PA. Chemical inhibition of p38 MAPK prevented the increase in the rate of apoptotic nuclei induced by both AGE-BSA5 and PA in HK-2 PTECs ( Figure 5G ) , indicating that p38 MAPK function is required for apoptosis induced by AGE-BSA and PA through CD36 receptor .
these findings indicate that cd36 activates proapoptotic p38 mapk possibly via src kinase [start] in human ptecs when stimulated with age-bsa5 and pa. chemical inhibition of p38 mapk prevented the increase in the rate of apoptotic nuclei induced by both age-bsa5 and pa in hk-2 ptecs ( figure 5g ) , indicating that p38 mapk function is required for apoptosis induced by age-bsa and pa through cd36 receptor .

Caspase 3 activation was blocked by anti-CD36 neutralizing antibody , but not by control IgG ( Figure 5E and 5F ) .
caspase 3 [start] was blocked by anti-cd36 neutralizing antibody , but not by control igg ( figure 5e and 5f ) .

Together these findings indicate that CD36 receptor mediates sequential phosphorylation of src kinases and p38 MAPK , leading to activation of caspase 3 and apoptosis in human PTECs exposed to AGE-BSA and PA ligands .
together these findings indicate that cd36 receptor mediates sequential phosphorylation of src kinases and p38 mapk , leading to [start] of caspase 3 and apoptosis in human ptecs exposed to age-bsa and pa ligands .

Increased CD36 expression mediates sequential activation of src kinase , proapoptotic p38 MAPK , and caspase 3 in PTECs in the presence of AGE and FFA PA , resulting in PTEC apoptosis .
increased cd36 expression mediates sequential [start] of src kinase , proapoptotic p38 mapk , and caspase 3 in ptecs in the presence of age and ffa pa , resulting in ptec apoptosis .

Irrespective of the upstream mechanism of FFA and CD36 interaction , our results demonstrate very rapid activation of a well-characterized intracellular kinase cascade of proapoptotic signaling .
irrespective of the upstream mechanism of ffa and cd36 interaction , our results demonstrate very rapid [start] of a well-characterized intracellular kinase cascade of proapoptotic signaling .

Specifically , we show for the first time that both AGE and FFA PA induce PTEC apoptosis through CD36-mediated activation of src kinase , p38 MAPK , and caspase 3 .
specifically , we show for the first time that both age and ffa pa induce ptec apoptosis through cd36-mediated [start] of src kinase , p38 mapk , and caspase 3 .

Not only is there mental activation , but there may also be broader health effects , including stress reduction and improved vascular health—both of which may contribute to reducing dementia risk [ 6 ] .
not only is there mental [start] , but there may also be broader health effects , including stress reduction and improved vascular health—both of which may contribute to reducing dementia risk [ 6 ] .

Indeed , there is a proposal that these diseases are all related to some changes in “ cleanliness ” or “ hygiene ” that have resulted in decreased activation of a common control mechanism .
indeed , there is a proposal that these diseases are all related to some changes in “ cleanliness ” or “ hygiene ” that have resulted in decreased [start] of a common control mechanism .

Intense training of a similar type for reading has already been shown to effect change in brain activation in as little as three weeks for children with dyslexia .
intense training of a similar type for reading has already been shown to effect change in brain [start] in as little as three weeks for children with dyslexia .

Ghrelin and its receptor are expressed in human T-lymphocytes , where they can inhibit cytokine activation , including interleukins , tumor necrosis factor-α and leptin [ 18 ] .
ghrelin and its receptor are expressed in human t-lymphocytes , where they can inhibit cytokine [start] , including interleukins , tumor necrosis factor-α and leptin [ 18 ] .

Conversely , leptin stimulates cytokine activation and immune-cell proliferation , an effect that predisposes to inflammatory conditions [ 4 ] .
conversely , leptin stimulates cytokine [start] and immune-cell proliferation , an effect that predisposes to inflammatory conditions [ 4 ] .

For example , changes in voltage-dependent Na + channel properties ( such as the activation voltage ) may be compensated for by regulating the expression of other ion channels .
for example , changes in voltage-dependent na + channel properties ( such as the [start] voltage ) may be compensated for by regulating the expression of other ion channels .

This is consistent with the fact that a cardiovascular signal from a coxib is most easily detected in patients with hemostatic activation , such as was observed under placebo-controlled conditions in two trials in patients undergoing cardiopulmonary bypass grafting [ 7 ] and anecdotally in patients with connective tissue disease [ 10 ] .
this is consistent with the fact that a cardiovascular signal from a coxib is most easily detected in patients with hemostatic [start] , such as was observed under placebo-controlled conditions in two trials in patients undergoing cardiopulmonary bypass grafting [ 7 ] and anecdotally in patients with connective tissue disease [ 10 ] .

Some promising results have been obtained using immunomodulatory drugs , including cyclosporine [ 60 ] and hydroxyurea [ 61 ] , in combination with antiviral therapy , presumably because of the limitation of T cell activation .
some promising results have been obtained using immunomodulatory drugs , including cyclosporine [ 60 ] and hydroxyurea [ 61 ] , in combination with antiviral therapy , presumably because of the limitation of t cell [start] .

Calcineurin , a Ca 2+ /calmodulin-activated phosphatase implicated in nerve activity-dependent fiber-type specification in skeletal muscle , directly controls the phosphorylation state of the transcription factor NFAT , allowing for its translocation to the nucleus and leading to the activation of slow-type muscle proteins in cooperation with myocyte enhancer factor 2 ( MEF2 ) proteins and other regulatory proteins ( Chin et al .
calcineurin , a ca 2+ /calmodulin-activated phosphatase implicated in nerve activity-dependent fiber-type specification in skeletal muscle , directly controls the phosphorylation state of the transcription factor nfat , allowing for its translocation to the nucleus and leading to the [start] of slow-type muscle proteins in cooperation with myocyte enhancer factor 2 ( mef2 ) proteins and other regulatory proteins ( chin et al .

John Gabrieli , Associate Professor of Psychology at Stanford University , has shown that distinct activation patterns in the brains of dyslexic children normalize as they improve their reading skills ( Figure 2 ) .
john gabrieli , associate professor of psychology at stanford university , has shown that distinct [start] patterns in the brains of dyslexic children normalize as they improve their reading skills ( figure 2 ) .

The researchers go on to show that activation of NF-kappaB is sufficient to induce resistin expression .
the researchers go on to show that [start] of nf-kappab is sufficient to induce resistin expression .

While the selective activation of high- versus low-RE T cells is relatively easy to manipulate in vitro via stimulation with limiting amounts of peptides , this may be more difficult to control in vivo .
while the selective [start] of high- versus low-re t cells is relatively easy to manipulate in vitro via stimulation with limiting amounts of peptides , this may be more difficult to control in vivo .

Indeed , activation of NF-κB is sufficient to induce resistin expression , and loss of NF-κB function abolishes LPS induction of resistin .
indeed , [start] of nf-κb is sufficient to induce resistin expression , and loss of nf-κb function abolishes lps induction of resistin .

Indeed , treatment of the macrophages with the proteasome inhibitor MG132 , which prevents NF-κB activation [ 33 ] , abrogated endotoxin-induced activation of resistin expression ( data not shown ) .
indeed , treatment of the macrophages with the proteasome inhibitor mg132 , which prevents nf-κb [start] [ 33 ] , abrogated endotoxin-induced [start] of resistin expression ( data not shown ) .

Moreover , treatment of the macrophages with SN50 , a cell-permeable peptide that specifically prevents activation of NF-κB by inhibiting its nuclear translocation [ 34 ] , nearly abolished endotoxin-induced activation of resistin expression ( Figure 4D ) .
moreover , treatment of the macrophages with sn50 , a cell-permeable peptide that specifically prevents [start] of nf-κb by inhibiting its nuclear translocation [ 34 ] , nearly abolished endotoxin-induced [start] of resistin expression ( figure 4d ) .

Thus , activation of NF-κB is required for LPS induction of resistin in human macrophages .
thus , [start] of nf-κb is required for lps induction of resistin in human macrophages .

Furthermore , constitutive activation of NF-κB by adenoviral expression of activated IκB kinase was sufficient to induce resistin in primary human macrophages ( Figure 4E ) .
furthermore , constitutive [start] of nf-κb by adenoviral expression of activated iκb kinase was sufficient to induce resistin in primary human macrophages ( figure 4e ) .

The magnitude of this activation was less than that caused by LPS , which is known to also activate MAP-kinase ( MAPK ) .
the magnitude of this [start] was less than that caused by lps , which is known to also activate map-kinase ( mapk ) .

Together these results show that NF-κB activation is necessary and sufficient for resistin induction by LPS , with MAPK activation increasing the magnitude of the response .
together these results show that nf-κb [start] is necessary and sufficient for resistin induction by lps , with mapk [start] increasing the magnitude of the response .

Moreover , obesity is associated with activation of innate immunity [ 6 ] , including the inflammatory mediators that induce resistin .
moreover , obesity is associated with [start] of innate immunity [ 6 ] , including the inflammatory mediators that induce resistin .

A central topic in the integrin research over the past decade has been the mechanism of inside-out activation ( Liddington and Ginsberg 2002 ) .
a central topic in the integrin research over the past decade has been the mechanism of inside-out [start] ( liddington and ginsberg 2002 ) .

Such inside-out regulation of integrin affinity states is distinct from the outside-in signaling observed upon activation of most other transmembrane receptors ( e.g. , growth factor–growth factor receptor interactions ) , including integrins .
such inside-out regulation of integrin affinity states is distinct from the outside-in signaling observed upon [start] of most other transmembrane receptors ( e.g. , growth factor–growth factor receptor interactions ) , including integrins .

Point mutations in the α and β cytoplasmic tails that are near the membrane or deletion of either region result in constitutive activation of the receptor ( O'Toole et al .
point mutations in the α and β cytoplasmic tails that are near the membrane or deletion of either region result in constitutive [start] of the receptor ( o'toole et al .

Mutating a single specific residue in the cytoplasmic tail of either subunit led to integrin activation , but a double mutation , which would have allowed retention of a salt bridge between the subunits , did not ( Hughes et al .
mutating a single specific residue in the cytoplasmic tail of either subunit led to integrin [start] , but a double mutation , which would have allowed retention of a salt bridge between the subunits , did not ( hughes et al .

Since these original observations , there has been an intensive effort to understand the mechanism for regulation of integrin activation by the cytoplasmic region ( for a recent review , see Hynes 2002 ) .
since these original observations , there has been an intensive effort to understand the mechanism for regulation of integrin [start] by the cytoplasmic region ( for a recent review , see hynes 2002 ) .

On the road toward this goal , Ginsberg and colleagues discovered that the head domain of a cytoskeletal protein—talin—plays a key role in binding to integrin β cytoplasmic tails and inducing integrin activation ( Calderwood et al .
on the road toward this goal , ginsberg and colleagues discovered that the head domain of a cytoskeletal protein—talin—plays a key role in binding to integrin β cytoplasmic tails and inducing integrin [start] ( calderwood et al .

In 2001 , Springer and coworkers provided evidence for a model by which separation of the C-terminal portions of the α and β subunits results in inside-out activation .
in 2001 , springer and coworkers provided evidence for a model by which separation of the c-terminal portions of the α and β subunits results in inside-out [start] .

A molecular picture has emerged for integrin insideout activation where a cellular signal induces the conformational change of talin exposing its head domain allowing it to bind to the integrin β cytoplasmic tail .
a molecular picture has emerged for integrin insideout [start] where a cellular signal induces the conformational change of talin exposing its head domain allowing it to bind to the integrin β cytoplasmic tail .

By selectively altering the residues that can interact with one another , the authors defined a specific transmembrane domain interface in resting α IIb β 3 and showed that this interface is lost upon activation of this integrin .
by selectively altering the residues that can interact with one another , the authors defined a specific transmembrane domain interface in resting α iib β 3 and showed that this interface is lost upon [start] of this integrin .

Backed by extensive structural and biochemical data on the integrin cytoplasmic/extracellular domains , this transmembrane domain study takes the next vital step toward a more complete understanding of the unclasping mechanism for integrin activation .
backed by extensive structural and biochemical data on the integrin cytoplasmic/extracellular domains , this transmembrane domain study takes the next vital step toward a more complete understanding of the unclasping mechanism for integrin [start] .

Filling in the Pieces Despite the molecular level of our understanding of integrin activation , a number of key questions remain unresolved .
filling in the pieces despite the molecular level of our understanding of integrin [start] , a number of key questions remain unresolved .

Although we know that the membrane-proximal clasp on the integrin cytoplasmic face controls the integrin activation , the distal side of either the α or β cytoplasmic tails may also play a role in integrin activation , since other mutations indicate that the C-terminal membrane distal region is important in regulating integrin activation via a mechanism that is yet unknown .
although we know that the membrane-proximal clasp on the integrin cytoplasmic face controls the integrin [start] , the distal side of either the α or β cytoplasmic tails may also play a role in integrin [start] , since other mutations indicate that the c-terminal membrane distal region is important in regulating integrin [start] via a mechanism that is yet unknown .

Thus , the picture for the cytoplasmic face-controlled inside-out activation may be substantially more complicated than specified in Figure 1 .
thus , the picture for the cytoplasmic face-controlled inside-out [start] may be substantially more complicated than specified in figure 1 .

There may exist other factors , such as negative regulators , in cells that bind to the cytoplasmic tails or their complex , and control the conformational change required for integrin activation .
there may exist other factors , such as negative regulators , in cells that bind to the cytoplasmic tails or their complex , and control the conformational change required for integrin [start] .

There may be pathways other than the talin-mediated one that lead to integrin activation .
there may be pathways other than the talin-mediated one that lead to integrin [start] .

Some studies have proposed that homo-oligomerization is essential for inducing integrin activation ( Li et al .
some studies have proposed that homo-oligomerization is essential for inducing integrin [start] ( li et al .

Upon the inside-out activation , integrins bind to specific extracellular matrix proteins .
upon the inside-out [start] , integrins bind to specific extracellular matrix proteins .

This theory also explains why the normal temporal pattern of activation between premotor and motor cortex is disturbed ( Salmelin et al .
this theory also explains why the normal temporal pattern of [start] between premotor and motor cortex is disturbed ( salmelin et al .

They also correspond to the similarity of activation patterns of the glomerular map [ 32 ] , although the actual mechanisms that evaluate this similarity remain to be identified .
they also correspond to the similarity of [start] patterns of the glomerular map [ 32 ] , although the actual mechanisms that evaluate this similarity remain to be identified .

Adjacent to the arginine-rich motif lie N-terminal core and cysteine-rich regions , which form the activation domain of the protein .
adjacent to the arginine-rich motif lie n-terminal core and cysteine-rich regions , which form the [start] domain of the protein .

This activation domain binds cyclin T1 ( CycT1 ) from P-TEFb , whose partner is CDK9 [ 12 ] .
this [start] domain binds cyclin t1 ( cyct1 ) from p-tefb , whose partner is cdk9 [ 12 ] .

Cellular activation triggers the nuclear translocation of NF-κB , where it binds the HIV enhancer , leading to the stimulation of viral transcription .
cellular [start] triggers the nuclear translocation of nf-κb , where it binds the hiv enhancer , leading to the stimulation of viral transcription .

Such mutations , which cluster in four distinct regions of the ABL kinase domain ( the ATP binding loop , T315 , M351 , and the activation loop ) , interfere with binding of imatinib to ABL [ 9,10,11 ] .
such mutations , which cluster in four distinct regions of the abl kinase domain ( the atp binding loop , t315 , m351 , and the [start] loop ) , interfere with binding of imatinib to abl [ 9,10,11 ] .

When they directly interfered with the isoprenoid/Rho/ROCK1 pathway by adding a drug that inhibits Rho activation , they saw effects similar to those of the statins ( i.e. , an increase in healthy cleavage ) .
when they directly interfered with the isoprenoid/rho/rock1 pathway by adding a drug that inhibits rho [start] , they saw effects similar to those of the statins ( i.e. , an increase in healthy cleavage ) .

It 's not yet clear what the activation energy represents , says Gillooly .
it 's not yet clear what the [start] energy represents , says gillooly .

The authors of the Science paper -- '' Activation of Corticotropin-Releasing Factor in the Limbic System During Cannabinoid Withdrawal '' -- suggest in their conclusion that marijuana may be as addictive as heroin and cocaine , and that pot 's `` subtle disruption '' of brain chemistry may leave users `` 'primed ' for further disruption by other drugs of abuse . ''
the authors of the science paper -- '' [start] of corticotropin-releasing factor in the limbic system during cannabinoid withdrawal '' -- suggest in their conclusion that marijuana may be as addictive as heroin and cocaine , and that pot 's `` subtle disruption '' of brain chemistry may leave users `` 'primed ' for further disruption by other drugs of abuse . ''

Anyone caught using the words ` activation ' or ` implementation ' will be shot. ” Closely related to gobbledygook , but more malicious , is doublespeak .
anyone caught using the words ` [start] ' or ` implementation ' will be shot. ” closely related to gobbledygook , but more malicious , is doublespeak .

