# an additional -> another
# the additional -> more
# additional -> more

Four additional deputies be employed at the Fulton County Jail and `` a doctor , medical intern or extern be employed for night and weekend duty at the jail '' .
four [more] deputies be employed at the fulton county jail and `` a doctor , medical intern or extern be employed for night and weekend duty at the jail '' .

Vandiver opened his race for governor in 1958 with a battle in the Legislature against the issuance of $50 million worth of additional rural roads bonds proposed by then Gov. Marvin Griffin .
vandiver opened his race for governor in 1958 with a battle in the legislature against the issuance of $50 million worth of [more] rural roads bonds proposed by then gov. marvin griffin .

Each member with a population above 150,000,000 would get one additional post for each additional 30,000,000 people up to an unspecified cut-off point .
each member with a population above 150,000,000 would get one [more] post for each [more] 30,000,000 people up to an unspecified cut-off point .

In either case , it could call a special session of the Legislature later in 1961 to make another stab at raising additional revenues through a tax raiser .
in either case , it could call a special session of the legislature later in 1961 to make another stab at raising [more] revenues through a tax raiser .

The new fees are expected to raise an additional $740,000 in the remainder of 1961 and $2,330,000 more a year after that .
the new fees are expected to raise an [more] $740,000 in the remainder of 1961 and $2,330,000 more a year after that .

The city expects the higher rooming house , hotel and apartment house fees to bring in an additional $457,000 a year .
the city expects the higher rooming house , hotel and apartment house fees to bring in an [more] $457,000 a year .

He hopes to melt off an additional eight pounds before the Flock breaks camp three weeks hence .
he hopes to melt off an [more] eight pounds before the flock breaks camp three weeks hence .

The department is planning to expand its eradication program soon to four additional counties -- Troup , Pierce , Bryan and Bulloch -- to treat 132,000 acres infested by the ants , according to W. E. Blasingame state entomologist .
the department is planning to expand its eradication program soon to four [more] counties -- troup , pierce , bryan and bulloch -- to treat 132,000 acres infested by the ants , according to w. e. blasingame state entomologist .

State briefs : Voters in four counties containing and bordering Denver authorized the imposition of an additional 2% sales tax within that area .
state briefs : voters in four counties containing and bordering denver authorized the imposition of an [more] 2% sales tax within that area .

There were two possible methods of breaching the conservative barriers around the Rules Committee : 1 ) to pack it with additional liberals and break the conservative-liberal deadlock , or 2 ) to remove one of the conservatives -- namely Mississippi's 14-term William Meyers Colmer ( pronounced Calmer ) .
there were two possible methods of breaching the conservative barriers around the rules committee : 1 ) to pack it with [more] liberals and break the conservative-liberal deadlock , or 2 ) to remove one of the conservatives -- namely mississippi's 14-term william meyers colmer ( pronounced calmer ) .

( The Senate , on its own , decided to provide additional B-52 and other long-range bombers for the Strategic Air Command .
( the senate , on its own , decided to provide [more] b-52 and other long-range bombers for the strategic air command .

It was a step in the right direction , but it took an additional act passed in 1958 to establish fully the thriving systems of today .
it was a step in the right direction , but it took an [more] act passed in 1958 to establish fully the thriving systems of today .

The local community maintains responsibility for the financial support of its own library program , facilities , and services , but wider resources and additional services become available through membership in a system .
the local community maintains responsibility for the financial support of its own library program , facilities , and services , but wider resources and [more] services become available through membership in a system .

Actually it amounts to $1,250,000 above what the institution already is receiving , considering the additional half-million dollars Gov. Vandiver allocated last year from the state surplus .
actually it amounts to $1,250,000 above what the institution already is receiving , considering the [more] half-million dollars gov. vandiver allocated last year from the state surplus .

Additional information supplied to us discloses that the railroad gained a stabilized supply of telegraphers of which it was in need .
[more] information supplied to us discloses that the railroad gained a stabilized supply of telegraphers of which it was in need .

While he was at it , the philosopher of the Kremlin contributed an additional assist to the rule of reason by bellowing at those in the west who can't appreciate coexistence thru suicide .
while he was at it , the philosopher of the kremlin contributed an [more] assist to the rule of reason by bellowing at those in the west who can't appreciate coexistence thru suicide .

He may want additional technical help , and this should be forthcoming .
he may want [more] technical help , and this should be forthcoming .

This means an added burden to innumerable postmen , who already are complaining of heavy loads and low pay , and it presumably means an increased postal deficit , but , our correspondent writes , think of the additional junk mail each citizen will now be privileged to receive on a regular basis .
this means an added burden to innumerable postmen , who already are complaining of heavy loads and low pay , and it presumably means an increased postal deficit , but , our correspondent writes , think of the [more] junk mail each citizen will now be privileged to receive on a regular basis .

He also demanded that Kennedy take additional measures to increase international tension : specifically to crush the Cuban revolution , resume nuclear testing , resist more vigorously admission of China to its lawful seat in the United Nations , and postpone non-military programs at home '' .
he also demanded that kennedy take [more] measures to increase international tension : specifically to crush the cuban revolution , resume nuclear testing , resist more vigorously admission of china to its lawful seat in the united nations , and postpone non-military programs at home '' .

In order to attract additional industry that is compatible with this community it is all the more important to present to the industrial prospect an orderly balance in the tax structure .
in order to attract [more] industry that is compatible with this community it is all the more important to present to the industrial prospect an orderly balance in the tax structure .

One additional lane would then be directional with the traffic burden and effectively increase the traffic carrying capability of the East River Drive by fifty percent .
one [more] lane would then be directional with the traffic burden and effectively increase the traffic carrying capability of the east river drive by fifty percent .

Having hedged its bets in this way , PHS apparently decided it would be possible to make some sort of determination after all : `` At present radiation levels , and even at somewhat higher levels , the additional risk is slight and very few people will be affected '' .
having hedged its bets in this way , phs apparently decided it would be possible to make some sort of determination after all : `` at present radiation levels , and even at somewhat higher levels , the [more] risk is slight and very few people will be affected '' .

The farm program will cost an additional 1.5 billion , because of unusual weather factors , the Food for Peace program and other new measures .
the farm program will cost an [more] 1.5 billion , because of unusual weather factors , the food for peace program and other new measures .

Additional suggestions for membership preparation
[more] suggestions for membership preparation

Again , India has imposed formidable barriers against the entrance of additional missionaries , and fanatical Hindu parties are expected to seek further action against Christians once the influence making for tolerance due to Nehru and his followers is gone .
again , india has imposed formidable barriers against the entrance of [more] missionaries , and fanatical hindu parties are expected to seek further action against christians once the influence making for tolerance due to nehru and his followers is gone .

In the states that have passed laws preventing discrimination in the sale or rental of housing , support by real estate associations for compliance and broadened coverage through additional legislation could help remove the label of `` social reformism '' that most realtors individually seem determined to avoid .
in the states that have passed laws preventing discrimination in the sale or rental of housing , support by real estate associations for compliance and broadened coverage through [more] legislation could help remove the label of `` social reformism '' that most realtors individually seem determined to avoid .

When winter comes be ready with additional mulch .
when winter comes be ready with [more] mulch .

Be sure to press the additional clay firmly into place without locking in air bubbles .
be sure to press the [more] clay firmly into place without locking in air bubbles .

Although the site may not contain the features themselves , there are often opportunities to include them as additional interest to the site .
although the site may not contain the features themselves , there are often opportunities to include them as [more] interest to the site .

However , a narrow strip may be very practical for small developments , or to provide additional stream frontage for a fisherman's trail , or include scenic strips within the park unit .
however , a narrow strip may be very practical for small developments , or to provide [more] stream frontage for a fisherman's trail , or include scenic strips within the park unit .

These bunks also serve as a fence , so part of the additional cost must be attributed to the fence .
these bunks also serve as a fence , so part of the [more] cost must be attributed to the fence .

Can you consider restricting any additional employee benefits to those paid for by profit-sharing money , such as was done in the union contract recently signed by American Motors Corporation ? ?
can you consider restricting any [more] employee benefits to those paid for by profit-sharing money , such as was done in the union contract recently signed by american motors corporation ? ?

Do you plan to limit additional holidays to area and/or industrial patterns ? ?
do you plan to limit [more] holidays to area and/or industrial patterns ? ?

We trust that you , as a gun and ammunition dealer , have benefited through additional sales of equipment .
we trust that you , as a gun and ammunition dealer , have benefited through [more] sales of equipment .

Additional symbols of status are granted , such as reserved parking , distinctive badge passes authorizing special privileges , and a difference in the treatment of financial progress through merit .
[more] symbols of status are granted , such as reserved parking , distinctive badge passes authorizing special privileges , and a difference in the treatment of financial progress through merit .

On large-area units , where additional structural requirements are imposed , one recent approach utilizes modular extruded or formed channels ( e.g. right-angled corrugations ) of the acrylic or butyrate .
on large-area units , where [more] structural requirements are imposed , one recent approach utilizes modular extruded or formed channels ( e.g. right-angled corrugations ) of the acrylic or butyrate .

With few exceptions , your car will be waiting for you at dockside , airport , railroad station or hotel when you arrive , oftentimes at no additional cost .
with few exceptions , your car will be waiting for you at dockside , airport , railroad station or hotel when you arrive , oftentimes at no [more] cost .

At some cities , this pick-up and delivery service is without additional charge , and , if you are budget-wise , when you are planning your itinerary , you will take advantage of these free delivery and collection stations in major cities within the larger European countries .
at some cities , this pick-up and delivery service is without [more] charge , and , if you are budget-wise , when you are planning your itinerary , you will take advantage of these free delivery and collection stations in major cities within the larger european countries .

If you would feel happier with full collision insurance , there is a small additional charge , again varying from country to country and depending on the term of such insurance .
if you would feel happier with full collision insurance , there is a small [more] charge , again varying from country to country and depending on the term of such insurance .

The average charge for this additional insurance coverage is roughly $1.00 a day .
the average charge for this [more] insurance coverage is roughly $1.00 a day .

A little investigation by telephone or reading the travel ads in the newspapers and magazines will give you these pertinent details on the additional money-saving benefits .
a little investigation by telephone or reading the travel ads in the newspapers and magazines will give you these pertinent details on the [more] money-saving benefits .

To win her favors , her husband first took an additional job , then desperately began to embezzle from his employer .
to win her favors , her husband first took an [more] job , then desperately began to embezzle from his employer .

And an additional factor was helping to make women more sexually self-assertive -- the comparatively recent discovery of the true depths of female desire and response .
and an [more] factor was helping to make women more sexually self-assertive -- the comparatively recent discovery of the true depths of female desire and response .

To become an orthodontist , a man must first be licensed by his state as a dentist , then he must spend at least two years in additional training to acquire a license as a specialist .
to become an orthodontist , a man must first be licensed by his state as a dentist , then he must spend at least two years in [more] training to acquire a license as a specialist .

The farm may be an additional burden if the main job is lost .
the farm may be an [more] burden if the main job is lost .

The economic importance of seed crops actually is even greater , because additional returns are obtained from most of the corn , oats , barley , and sorghum -- as well as the cake and meal from the processing of flaxseed , cottonseed , and soybeans -- through conversion to poultry , meat , and dairy products .
the economic importance of seed crops actually is even greater , because [more] returns are obtained from most of the corn , oats , barley , and sorghum -- as well as the cake and meal from the processing of flaxseed , cottonseed , and soybeans -- through conversion to poultry , meat , and dairy products .

Occasionally they return for additional training .
occasionally they return for [more] training .

There must also be additional and more fundamental discrimination in the use of means of resistance , violent or non-violent .
there must also be [more] and more fundamental discrimination in the use of means of resistance , violent or non-violent .

Additional codes can be used to challenge and counterchallenge the authentications .
[more] codes can be used to challenge and counterchallenge the authentications .

The debate needed no additional controversy and soon I could ask each individually what he expected from life , what his hopes were and what his fears .
the debate needed no [more] controversy and soon i could ask each individually what he expected from life , what his hopes were and what his fears .

What additional roles has the scientific understanding of the 19th and 20th centuries played ? ?
what [more] roles has the scientific understanding of the 19th and 20th centuries played ? ?

From an initial investment of $1,200 in 1943 , it has grown , with no additional capital investment , to a present value estimated by some as exceeding $10,000,000 ( we don't disclose financial figures to the public ) .
from an initial investment of $1,200 in 1943 , it has grown , with no [more] capital investment , to a present value estimated by some as exceeding $10,000,000 ( we don't disclose financial figures to the public ) .

If we examine the three types of change from the point of view of their internal structure we find an additional profound difference between the third and the first two , one that accounts for the notable difference between the responses they evoke .
if we examine the three types of change from the point of view of their internal structure we find an [more] profound difference between the third and the first two , one that accounts for the notable difference between the responses they evoke .

Additional philosophical considerations , advanced notably by Aristotle , supported further the circularity principle .
[more] philosophical considerations , advanced notably by aristotle , supported further the circularity principle .

Notwithstanding state aid , the local governments are continuing to seek additional revenue of their own by strengthening the property tax .
notwithstanding state aid , the local governments are continuing to seek [more] revenue of their own by strengthening the property tax .

Additional promotional activities included organizing the dedication program for Operation Turnkey , the new automated post office , and a conference with representatives of Brown University , Providence College , and University of Rhode Island , and eight electronics concerns regarding the inauguration of a training program for electronics personnel .
[more] promotional activities included organizing the dedication program for operation turnkey , the new automated post office , and a conference with representatives of brown university , providence college , and university of rhode island , and eight electronics concerns regarding the inauguration of a training program for electronics personnel .

During the period from 1 July 1960 through 31 January 1961 , additional research affiliations were effected with the U. S. Army Medical Research and Development Command to conduct research in procedures for quantitative electron microscopy , and for the study of biophysical and biological studies of the structure and function of ocular tissue .
during the period from 1 july 1960 through 31 january 1961 , [more] research affiliations were effected with the u. s. army medical research and development command to conduct research in procedures for quantitative electron microscopy , and for the study of biophysical and biological studies of the structure and function of ocular tissue .

Additionally , on the many ships at sea and in the smaller naval stations , the availability of the Journal removed the necessity of subscribing to several additional journals of civilian origin over and above the quantity now authorized , in order to provide any reasonably comparable coverage .
additionally , on the many ships at sea and in the smaller naval stations , the availability of the journal removed the necessity of subscribing to several [more] journals of civilian origin over and above the quantity now authorized , in order to provide any reasonably comparable coverage .

to make additional payment of not to exceed 25 per centum of the unpaid principal of awards in the principal amount of more than $1,000 ; ;
to make [more] payment of not to exceed 25 per centum of the unpaid principal of awards in the principal amount of more than $1,000 ; ;

Additional note on allotments .
[more] note on allotments .

Contractors' charges would be additional .
contractors' charges would be [more] .

Du Pont would be denied the right to acquire any additional General Motors stock except through General Motors' distributions of stock or subscription rights to its stockholders .
du pont would be denied the right to acquire any [more] general motors stock except through general motors' distributions of stock or subscription rights to its stockholders .

The objective is to achieve sufficient effectiveness of control on all of the area now under treatment plus the additional acres so that after the initial period only maintenance control will be needed .
the objective is to achieve sufficient effectiveness of control on all of the area now under treatment plus the [more] acres so that after the initial period only maintenance control will be needed .

An additional 15 million acres will be given a lesser degree of protection but adequate to meet the average fire situation .
an [more] 15 million acres will be given a lesser degree of protection but adequate to meet the average fire situation .

These expenditures are estimated to be $12.1 billion , an increase of $187 million over 1960 , reflecting additional longevity pay of career personnel , more dependents , an increased number of men drawing proficiency pay , and social security tax increases ( effective for the full year in 1961 compared with only 6 months in 1960 ) .
these expenditures are estimated to be $12.1 billion , an increase of $187 million over 1960 , reflecting [more] longevity pay of career personnel , more dependents , an increased number of men drawing proficiency pay , and social security tax increases ( effective for the full year in 1961 compared with only 6 months in 1960 ) .

A substantial increase is estimated in the cost of operating additional communications systems in the air defense program , as well as in all programs where speed and security of communications are essential .
a substantial increase is estimated in the cost of operating [more] communications systems in the air defense program , as well as in all programs where speed and security of communications are essential .

I am recommending additional acquisitions of the improved version of the B-52 ( the B-52H with the new turbofan engine ) and procurement of the B-58 supersonic medium bomber , together with the supporting refueling tankers in each case .
i am recommending [more] acquisitions of the improved version of the b-52 ( the b-52h with the new turbofan engine ) and procurement of the b-58 supersonic medium bomber , together with the supporting refueling tankers in each case .

These additional modern bombers will replace some of the older B-47 medium bombers ; ;
these [more] modern bombers will replace some of the older b-47 medium bombers ; ;

In the coming fiscal year additional quantities of Atlas , Titan , and Polaris missiles also will be procured .
in the coming fiscal year [more] quantities of atlas , titan , and polaris missiles also will be procured .

Additional class 2 , assignments for daytime operation can be made without causing destructive interference to the class 1 , stations or to each other , and by their operation provide additional service on these channels and additional local outlets for a large number of communities .
[more] class 2 , assignments for daytime operation can be made without causing destructive interference to the class 1 , stations or to each other , and by their operation provide [more] service on these channels and [more] local outlets for a large number of communities .

Such additional daytime class 2 , assignments are appropriate if optimum use is to be made of these frequencies , and the Commission has over the years made a large number of them .
such [more] daytime class 2 , assignments are appropriate if optimum use is to be made of these frequencies , and the commission has over the years made a large number of them .

Since then , there has been a notable increase in the number of stations and also the accumulation of additional data and the development of new techniques for using it , leading to a better understanding of propagation phenomena .
since then , there has been a notable increase in the number of stations and also the accumulation of [more] data and the development of new techniques for using it , leading to a better understanding of propagation phenomena .

If your computation on Form 1040 or Form 1040A shows you owe additional tax , it should be remitted with your return unless you owe less than $1 , in which case it is forgiven .
if your computation on form 1040 or form 1040a shows you owe [more] tax , it should be remitted with your return unless you owe less than $1 , in which case it is forgiven .

If you file Form 1040A and the District Director computes your tax , you will be sent a bill if additional tax is due .
if you file form 1040a and the district director computes your tax , you will be sent a bill if [more] tax is due .

Later in the year , additional types of this Leesona twister will be made available to mills for other man-made fibers and natural yarns .
later in the year , [more] types of this leesona twister will be made available to mills for other man-made fibers and natural yarns .

The stepped-up defense procurement called for in the 1961 Budget has already begun to make itself felt in an upturn in orders for military electronic equipment and the components that go into it , and it has been suggested that an additional $2 billion increase in total defense spending may be requested for fiscal 1962 .
the stepped-up defense procurement called for in the 1961 budget has already begun to make itself felt in an upturn in orders for military electronic equipment and the components that go into it , and it has been suggested that an [more] $2 billion increase in total defense spending may be requested for fiscal 1962 .

In the relatively short time since these early observations , Venus has been observed at additional wave lengths in the range from 0.8 to 10.2 cm , and Jupiter has been observed over the wave-length range from 3.03 to 68 Aj .
in the relatively short time since these early observations , venus has been observed at [more] wave lengths in the range from 0.8 to 10.2 cm , and jupiter has been observed over the wave-length range from 3.03 to 68 aj .

Argon was also blown at low velocities ( mass flow rate Af ) through a tube coaxial with the cathode as an additional precaution against contamination of the arc by air .
argon was also blown at low velocities ( mass flow rate af ) through a tube coaxial with the cathode as an [more] precaution against contamination of the arc by air .

Note that though the ideal gas itself contains no additional energy , the compressed gas does exert an increased pressure .
note that though the ideal gas itself contains no [more] energy , the compressed gas does exert an increased pressure .

Additional records of slow growth have been omitted .
[more] records of slow growth have been omitted .

No additional transfusions were necessary after the institution of prednisone in July , 1957 , in an initial dose of 40 mg. daily with gradual tapering to 10 mg. daily .
no [more] transfusions were necessary after the institution of prednisone in july , 1957 , in an initial dose of 40 mg. daily with gradual tapering to 10 mg. daily .

Additional findings at this time included cardiomegaly , peripheral arteriosclerosis obliterans , and cholelithiasis .
[more] findings at this time included cardiomegaly , peripheral arteriosclerosis obliterans , and cholelithiasis .

In the latter cases an additional treatment of the DEAE-cellulose-treated Af with 50 mg of sweet clover stem tissue powder further improved the specificity .
in the latter cases an [more] treatment of the deae-cellulose-treated af with 50 mg of sweet clover stem tissue powder further improved the specificity .

The Mecholyl and noradrenalin tests applied with certain precautions are reliable indicators of this central autonomic balance , but for the sake of correlating autonomic and clinical states , and of studying the effect of certain therapeutic procedures on central autonomic reactions , additional tests seem to be desirable .
the mecholyl and noradrenalin tests applied with certain precautions are reliable indicators of this central autonomic balance , but for the sake of correlating autonomic and clinical states , and of studying the effect of certain therapeutic procedures on central autonomic reactions , [more] tests seem to be desirable .

Being a strictly physiological procedure , one may expect from such a study additional information on the nature of the emotional process itself .
being a strictly physiological procedure , one may expect from such a study [more] information on the nature of the emotional process itself .

For any pencil in a plane containing a Af-fold secant of **zg has an image regulus which meets the plane of the pencil in Af lines , namely the images of the lines of the pencil which pass through the intersection of **zg and the multiple secant , plus an additional component to account for the intersections of the images of the general lines of the pencil .
for any pencil in a plane containing a af-fold secant of **zg has an image regulus which meets the plane of the pencil in af lines , namely the images of the lines of the pencil which pass through the intersection of **zg and the multiple secant , plus an [more] component to account for the intersections of the images of the general lines of the pencil .

However , if there is no additional complex of singular lines , the order of the image regulus of a pencil is precisely Af .
however , if there is no [more] complex of singular lines , the order of the image regulus of a pencil is precisely af .

Moreover , the shortage of treatment resources and the chronically persistent shortage of mental health manpower force us to innovate additional refinements of preventive intervention techniques to make services more widely available -- and on a more effective basis to more people .
moreover , the shortage of treatment resources and the chronically persistent shortage of mental health manpower force us to innovate [more] refinements of preventive intervention techniques to make services more widely available -- and on a more effective basis to more people .

Additional entries must be made from time to time .
[more] entries must be made from time to time .

For example , the steering committee might announce that the group felt a topic under study should not be dropped for an additional week as there was still too much of it untouched .
for example , the steering committee might announce that the group felt a topic under study should not be dropped for an [more] week as there was still too much of it untouched .

Four subjects ( 10% ) did not change even then but needed the additional information that an arm-elevation under these circumstances was a perfectly normal reflex reaction which some people showed while others did not .
four subjects ( 10% ) did not change even then but needed the [more] information that an arm-elevation under these circumstances was a perfectly normal reflex reaction which some people showed while others did not .

A differential suggestibility would have to be invoked to explain the failure of this additional information to influence the Kohnstamm-positive reactors and yet attribute their naive Kohnstamm reactivity to suggestion .
a differential suggestibility would have to be invoked to explain the failure of this [more] information to influence the kohnstamm-positive reactors and yet attribute their naive kohnstamm reactivity to suggestion .

Strong stress on hunger treats hunger as an additional stimulus , strong stress on stimulates treats stimulation as an additional effect of hunger , strong stress on man treats man as an additional creature who responds to the stimulation of hunger .
strong stress on hunger treats hunger as an [more] stimulus , strong stress on stimulates treats stimulation as an [more] effect of hunger , strong stress on man treats man as an [more] creature who responds to the stimulation of hunger .

His formula will have to be weighed , may be altered or improved , and it should be tested on additional bodies of material .
his formula will have to be weighed , may be altered or improved , and it should be tested on [more] bodies of material .

From six to nine million additional Germans would be evicted , though most would have fled , and Poland would receive far more from Germany than the poor territories , including the great Pripet Marshes , which she lost to Russia .
from six to nine million [more] germans would be evicted , though most would have fled , and poland would receive far more from germany than the poor territories , including the great pripet marshes , which she lost to russia .

Additional courses can readily be added and special cooperative programs worked out with any new industry if the basic facilities , staff and program are in being .
[more] courses can readily be added and special cooperative programs worked out with any new industry if the basic facilities , staff and program are in being .

If the trend of general business activity follows the pattern suggested here , we are likely to see additional steps by the Federal Reserve authorities to ease the availability of credit .
if the trend of general business activity follows the pattern suggested here , we are likely to see [more] steps by the federal reserve authorities to ease the availability of credit .

The simple passage of an additional eleven months' time makes the second 3% boost more acceptable .
the simple passage of an [more] eleven months' time makes the second 3% boost more acceptable .

Indeed , a study of the individual child is an integral part of the work of the elementary-school teacher , rather than merely an additional chore .
indeed , a study of the individual child is an integral part of the work of the elementary-school teacher , rather than merely an [more] chore .

Additional school desegregation in Tennessee resulted from a court order opening a school serving children of military personnel .
[more] school desegregation in tennessee resulted from a court order opening a school serving children of military personnel .

Negro parents have filed application for admission of additional children to schools in Alexandria , Arlington , Fairfax , and Warren Counties .
negro parents have filed application for admission of [more] children to schools in alexandria , arlington , fairfax , and warren counties .

Desegregation can also result from additional suits brought by Negro plaintiffs against school boards in Newport News , Fairfax County , Arlington County , and Norfolk .
desegregation can also result from [more] suits brought by negro plaintiffs against school boards in newport news , fairfax county , arlington county , and norfolk .

Thus , when specifically permitted , the operand of a given line on the Autocoder coding sheet may be continued in the operand of from one to four additional lines which immediately follow .
thus , when specifically permitted , the operand of a given line on the autocoder coding sheet may be continued in the operand of from one to four [more] lines which immediately follow .

Additional restrictions regarding the use of continuation cards with macro-instructions appear on page 106 .
[more] restrictions regarding the use of continuation cards with macro-instructions appear on page 106 .

The area may also be provided with additional data during the running of the object program by means of EDMOV or move macro-instructions .
the area may also be provided with [more] data during the running of the object program by means of edmov or move macro-instructions .

The anaerobic conditions in the existing oxidation pond necessitated examination of other methods for supplying additional oxygen than by sodium nitrate .
the anaerobic conditions in the existing oxidation pond necessitated examination of other methods for supplying [more] oxygen than by sodium nitrate .

At the same time further expansion in the Red Bridge Subdivision required the construction of additional sewage treatment facilities .
at the same time further expansion in the red bridge subdivision required the construction of [more] sewage treatment facilities .

It was proposed that aerated lagoons be used to eliminate the problem at the existing oxidation ponds and to provide the necessary treatment for the additional development .
it was proposed that aerated lagoons be used to eliminate the problem at the existing oxidation ponds and to provide the necessary treatment for the [more] development .

Before considering these elements in more detail , an additional requirement should be stated .
before considering these elements in more detail , an [more] requirement should be stated .

Upon completion of the purging step , additional initiator appropriate for the molecular weight of the sample desired is added , and the system is then warmed to the polymerization temperature , at which the reaction is allowed to go to completion .
upon completion of the purging step , [more] initiator appropriate for the molecular weight of the sample desired is added , and the system is then warmed to the polymerization temperature , at which the reaction is allowed to go to completion .

In that year a grant was obtained from the Penrose Fund of the Geological Society of America to finance additional full-time workers .
in that year a grant was obtained from the penrose fund of the geological society of america to finance [more] full-time workers .

Readers interested in additional information on foams are referred to the Foamed Plastics Chart appearing in the Technical Data section and to the list of references which appears below .
readers interested in [more] information on foams are referred to the foamed plastics chart appearing in the technical data section and to the list of references which appears below .

When he had stored his stock in the great oak chest , locked the two big hasps and secured the additional chain , tied the fly of the tent , and picked up the cash box , he moved up the darkening street .
when he had stored his stock in the great oak chest , locked the two big hasps and secured the [more] chain , tied the fly of the tent , and picked up the cash box , he moved up the darkening street .

( No additional five thousand for each year after Joan's twenty-first birthday ; ;
( no [more] five thousand for each year after joan's twenty-first birthday ; ;

Feeling his power , Freddy looked for additional worlds to conquer .
feeling his power , freddy looked for [more] worlds to conquer .

The Thames Valley Police Helicopter provided additional information .
the thames valley police helicopter provided [more] information .

Crews , here , were among the first in the country to be taught the additional medical skills that can save lives .
crews , here , were among the first in the country to be taught the [more] medical skills that can save lives .

Samantha Hoad was shown court documents with additional figures amounting to almost £200 when the bailiffs arrived .
samantha hoad was shown court documents with [more] figures amounting to almost £200 when the bailiffs arrived .

But now they 've got got the additional worry of discovering that the applications they made to various universities and polytechnics back in October may never have been sent .
but now they 've got got the [more] worry of discovering that the applications they made to various universities and polytechnics back in october may never have been sent .

The Chancellor , Norman Lamont , has said the average taxpayer would have to pay an additional thousand pounds every year under a Labour government .
the chancellor , norman lamont , has said the average taxpayer would have to pay an [more] thousand pounds every year under a labour government .

The artficial beach would great an additional barrier ; 300m wide and constructed from four million cubic metres of sand , held in by a sill made of rock , it would also create a new beach for tourists .
the artficial beach would great an [more] barrier ; 300m wide and constructed from four million cubic metres of sand , held in by a sill made of rock , it would also create a new beach for tourists .

That is saying that erm despite the additional costs
that is saying that erm despite the [more] costs

Ward sisters would get an additional £4.31 a week , giving them a new annual salary of £15,184 .
ward sisters would get an [more] £4.31 a week , giving them a new annual salary of £15,184 .

Questioned by the procurator-fiscal , Andrew Normand , British Rail 's director of operations at the time , Terence Worrall , admitted that had the sheriff 's deliberations been fully taken into account , additional safety procedures would have been introduced which would have prevented the Newton disaster .
questioned by the procurator-fiscal , andrew normand , british rail 's director of operations at the time , terence worrall , admitted that had the sheriff 's deliberations been fully taken into account , [more] safety procedures would have been introduced which would have prevented the newton disaster .

Questioned by the procurator-fiscal , Andrew Normand , British Rail 's director of operations at the time , Terence Worrall , admitted that had the sheriff 's deliberations been fully taken into account , additional safety procedures would have been introduced which would have prevented the Newton accident .
questioned by the procurator-fiscal , andrew normand , british rail 's director of operations at the time , terence worrall , admitted that had the sheriff 's deliberations been fully taken into account , [more] safety procedures would have been introduced which would have prevented the newton accident .

Further questioned by the procurator-fiscal , Andrew Normand , he conceded that no such review had taken place , and that no additional safety checks had been called for before the junction was opened , that although a total embargo had been introduced on single-lead junctions immediately after Bellgrove .
further questioned by the procurator-fiscal , andrew normand , he conceded that no such review had taken place , and that no [more] safety checks had been called for before the junction was opened , that although a total embargo had been introduced on single-lead junctions immediately after bellgrove .

The investment plan involves the construction of nine additional holes , the upgrading of fairways and greens and a clubhouse incorporating indoor swimming pool , gym , sauna and steam rooms .
the investment plan involves the construction of nine [more] holes , the upgrading of fairways and greens and a clubhouse incorporating indoor swimming pool , gym , sauna and steam rooms .

After pledging £20,000 for wheelchair races , the region 's support increased to £95,000 after a substantial shortfall in the commercial sponsorship which now appears certain to be repeated this year unless additional major supporters can be found .
after pledging £20,000 for wheelchair races , the region 's support increased to £95,000 after a substantial shortfall in the commercial sponsorship which now appears certain to be repeated this year unless [more] major supporters can be found .

The Campaign for Cold Weather Credits is demanding immediate additional aid throughout the winter to all households receiving means-tested benefits and an enhanced programme of Government investment in home energy efficiency .
the campaign for cold weather credits is demanding immediate [more] aid throughout the winter to all households receiving means-tested benefits and an enhanced programme of government investment in home energy efficiency .

The remainder will be used to install additional scientific machinery in the North Atlantic Fisheries College in Scalloway , where much of the testing has been carried out .
the remainder will be used to install [more] scientific machinery in the north atlantic fisheries college in scalloway , where much of the testing has been carried out .

Des McNulty , who chairs Strathclyde 's local government reorganisation subcommittee , said : ‘ Imagine the number of additional teachers , policemen and home helps we could employ if the Government were prepared to give us even £500 million over a five-year period .
des mcnulty , who chairs strathclyde 's local government reorganisation subcommittee , said : ‘ imagine the number of [more] teachers , policemen and home helps we could employ if the government were prepared to give us even £500 million over a five-year period .

As part of the technology initiative announced during a stop in California 's Silicon Valley , President Clinton also pledged billions of dollars in additional help to high-tech enterprises over the next four years to encourage new business initiatives .
as part of the technology initiative announced during a stop in california 's silicon valley , president clinton also pledged billions of dollars in [more] help to high-tech enterprises over the next four years to encourage new business initiatives .

All sitting Scottish MPs would be part of each group , with additional members decided by each party .
all sitting scottish mps would be part of each group , with [more] members decided by each party .

There was the application of quotas , and additional opportunities for training and development that may involve , by employers to be seen to be more encouraging and therefore more attractive to female hopefuls — wrenching the market , even , into a more equitable and efficient way of operating .
there was the application of quotas , and [more] opportunities for training and development that may involve , by employers to be seen to be more encouraging and therefore more attractive to female hopefuls — wrenching the market , even , into a more equitable and efficient way of operating .

Each additional risk factor raises your chances of heart disease very substantially .
each [more] risk factor raises your chances of heart disease very substantially .

This requires would-be clients to make an initial minimum deposit of $10,000 — £7,150 — pay an annual account maintenance charge of $100 , plus an additional $5 a month if the account falls below $5,000 ( which can be avoided by placing two commissionable trades a year ) .
this requires would-be clients to make an initial minimum deposit of $10,000 — £7,150 — pay an annual account maintenance charge of $100 , plus an [more] $5 a month if the account falls below $5,000 ( which can be avoided by placing two commissionable trades a year ) .

But , in return , clients get easy-to-read statements , daily income of their uninvested cash , margin loans ( used to buy additional securities ) at low interest rates and a Visa debit card , together with dollar cheques , with the first 50 cheques free of charge .
but , in return , clients get easy-to-read statements , daily income of their uninvested cash , margin loans ( used to buy [more] securities ) at low interest rates and a visa debit card , together with dollar cheques , with the first 50 cheques free of charge .

This provides access to funds through dollar cheques , provides interest on uninvested cash and also offers low interest loans to buy additional stocks to add to any marginal holdings .
this provides access to funds through dollar cheques , provides interest on uninvested cash and also offers low interest loans to buy [more] stocks to add to any marginal holdings .

For example , very few people make the maximum allowable contributions , which can be done through additional voluntary contributions into a company scheme or into personal pensions where such a plan exists .
for example , very few people make the maximum allowable contributions , which can be done through [more] voluntary contributions into a company scheme or into personal pensions where such a plan exists .

With a move to new premises which would double its audience capacity in a city not noted for enthusiastic theatre-going , the company needed to retain its existing audience while attracting new theatre go-ers to fill additional seats .
with a move to new premises which would double its audience capacity in a city not noted for enthusiastic theatre-going , the company needed to retain its existing audience while attracting new theatre go-ers to fill [more] seats .

Though opinions among the seven are divided , only two are calling for immediate additional cuts .
though opinions among the seven are divided , only two are calling for immediate [more] cuts .

International investment involves the added dimension of dealing in foreign currencies , providing the opportunity for additional profits .
international investment involves the added dimension of dealing in foreign currencies , providing the opportunity for [more] profits .

you incur additional costs ;
you incur [more] costs ;

The benefits which you would derive from a properly set up and run computerised accounting system should more than out-weigh the additional costs involved .
the benefits which you would derive from a properly set up and run computerised accounting system should more than out-weigh the [more] costs involved .

In fact , the total rise reflects two separate increases — the first is the actual rise in new additional funds brought in , while the second comprises the increase in existing funds arising from investment performance — which combine to make the whole .
in fact , the total rise reflects two separate increases — the first is the actual rise in new [more] funds brought in , while the second comprises the increase in existing funds arising from investment performance — which combine to make the whole .

Scientists envisage the development of either a start-stop system , an alternative to field drying or an additional pressing system to remove moisture could overcome that .
scientists envisage the development of either a start-stop system , an alternative to field drying or an [more] pressing system to remove moisture could overcome that .

By eschewing the obvious solution of a differential dividend payment , the group has had to fall back on the option of endowing the chemicals company with additional cash by way of a rights issue from Zeneca .
by eschewing the obvious solution of a differential dividend payment , the group has had to fall back on the option of endowing the chemicals company with [more] cash by way of a rights issue from zeneca .

The pAcAB4 vector has an additional polyhedrin promoter in opposite orientation to the first copy that is in juxtaposition to the first p10 promoter .
the pacab4 vector has an [more] polyhedrin promoter in opposite orientation to the first copy that is in juxtaposition to the first p10 promoter .

‘ This does not include sickness or holiday relief , additional staff at peak times , or allowing time for supervisors performing other duties . ’
‘ this does not include sickness or holiday relief , [more] staff at peak times , or allowing time for supervisors performing other duties . ’

Other measures include a 50p increase on garage rent to £2.50 a week , which will bring in an additional annual income of £32,500 .
other measures include a 50p increase on garage rent to £2.50 a week , which will bring in an [more] annual income of £32,500 .

Woods , 19 , of Bramall Lane , Darlington , admitted two counts of assault occasioning actual bodily harm , reckless driving , and additional charges of burglary , theft and making off without payment .
woods , 19 , of bramall lane , darlington , admitted two counts of assault occasioning actual bodily harm , reckless driving , and [more] charges of burglary , theft and making off without payment .

And he said Tory plans would have placed an additional £20 per person on the annual bill .
and he said tory plans would have placed an [more] £20 per person on the annual bill .

On Wednesday County Coun. Colin Grant , who represents the Catterick area , said he had been alerting the Army , parish councils and schools to the apparent threat of about 140 additional lorry movements one every four minutes for a ten-hour day through the garrison .
on wednesday county coun. colin grant , who represents the catterick area , said he had been alerting the army , parish councils and schools to the apparent threat of about 140 [more] lorry movements one every four minutes for a ten-hour day through the garrison .

They felt the scheme would only create additional problems and would send more cars into Skerne Park which has already been earmarked by the county council as an accident blackspot .
they felt the scheme would only create [more] problems and would send more cars into skerne park which has already been earmarked by the county council as an accident blackspot .

‘ People who earn more than £40,000 will pay a new tax rate of 50p in the £1 and that additional money will go into the health service and education .
‘ people who earn more than £40,000 will pay a new tax rate of 50p in the £1 and that [more] money will go into the health service and education .

‘ Labour supports church schools and will ensure that St Bede 's and other overcrowded Catholic schools are given additional classroom space . ’
‘ labour supports church schools and will ensure that st bede 's and other overcrowded catholic schools are given [more] classroom space . ’

Fundholders will be able to buy additional services for their patients including some mental health provision , chiropody , dietetics , district nursing and health visiting .
fundholders will be able to buy [more] services for their patients including some mental health provision , chiropody , dietetics , district nursing and health visiting .

For the average driver of a company Ford Sierra or Vauxhall Cavalier this means an additional £1.06 a week in tax .
for the average driver of a company ford sierra or vauxhall cavalier this means an [more] £1.06 a week in tax .

Overall , the effect of the suspension of indexation will raise an additional £730 million in 1993/4 , although against this must be set the cost of the extension of the 20p band which will cost £370 million , leaving the Treasury £360 million better off in the coming year .
overall , the effect of the suspension of indexation will raise an [more] £730 million in 1993/4 , although against this must be set the cost of the extension of the 20p band which will cost £370 million , leaving the treasury £360 million better off in the coming year .

Lucie McKenzie , speaking for Age Concern in Scotland , pointed out that about one third of elderly people did not claim the income support they were entitled to and therefore would not receive any extra money to help with additional heating costs .
lucie mckenzie , speaking for age concern in scotland , pointed out that about one third of elderly people did not claim the income support they were entitled to and therefore would not receive any extra money to help with [more] heating costs .

That help will be additional to the future increase in pensions and other benefits which will take place automatically .
that help will be [more] to the future increase in pensions and other benefits which will take place automatically .

She said it was a Budget for jobs , providing 100,000 additional training and employment opportunities at a cost of £230 million .
she said it was a budget for jobs , providing 100,000 [more] training and employment opportunities at a cost of £230 million .

Lord Hope said in the case of the first witness that his additional evidence would not have led the jury to reject the evidence of Thomas Leighton , who had corroborated the boy 's account of the attack .
lord hope said in the case of the first witness that his [more] evidence would not have led the jury to reject the evidence of thomas leighton , who had corroborated the boy 's account of the attack .

Within hours of that Downing Street meeting , Lilley was talking of ‘ additional extra help for those on low incomes on top of the help that is already built in ’ .
within hours of that downing street meeting , lilley was talking of ‘ [more] extra help for those on low incomes on top of the help that is already built in ’ .

Thus Major was able to say amid Tory cheers : ‘ That help will be additional to the future increase in pensions and other benefits which will take place automatically .
thus major was able to say amid tory cheers : ‘ that help will be [more] to the future increase in pensions and other benefits which will take place automatically .

Mr Yeltsin said he would stop outside ‘ interference ’ in the media by those who wanted to curtail its freedom and take ‘ additional measures ’ against anyone who constrained the work of journalists .
mr yeltsin said he would stop outside ‘ interference ’ in the media by those who wanted to curtail its freedom and take ‘ [more] measures ’ against anyone who constrained the work of journalists .

The special needs allowance package is a grant which will be available to housing associations and co-operatives to help finance some of the additional costs needed to provide support accommodation .
the special needs allowance package is a grant which will be available to housing associations and co-operatives to help finance some of the [more] costs needed to provide support accommodation .

The unit general manager responsible for that hospital has made it clear more than once that if additional baby heaters were needed they would be purchased out of the hospital budget .
the unit general manager responsible for that hospital has made it clear more than once that if [more] baby heaters were needed they would be purchased out of the hospital budget .

‘ This additional loss of market confidence threatens in turn to undermine the investment needed for land reclamation and urban regeneration and , in so doing , to increase the pressure for development on greenfield land , ’ Mr Lang said .
‘ this [more] loss of market confidence threatens in turn to undermine the investment needed for land reclamation and urban regeneration and , in so doing , to increase the pressure for development on greenfield land , ’ mr lang said .

If the money plus the bonus is left for a further two years , an additional bonus of another 14 months ' interest is paid , boosting the tax-free return to 8.62 per cent ( worth 11.49 per cent to the basic rate taxpayer , or 14.37 per cent to a higher rate taxpayer ) .
if the money plus the bonus is left for a further two years , an [more] bonus of another 14 months ' interest is paid , boosting the tax-free return to 8.62 per cent ( worth 11.49 per cent to the basic rate taxpayer , or 14.37 per cent to a higher rate taxpayer ) .

Mr Lang said that the additional package of employment measures announced by the Chancellor was excellent news for Scotland .
mr lang said that the [more] package of employment measures announced by the chancellor was excellent news for scotland .

Scottish Chambers of Commerce regarded the Budget as a good one for business , in particular the help for exporters , the freeze on business rates and the additional assistance to small businesses .
scottish chambers of commerce regarded the budget as a good one for business , in particular the help for exporters , the freeze on business rates and the [more] assistance to small businesses .

The downside of the Budget were the additional duties on fuel , he said , but these had to be reluctantly accepted in view of environmental considerations .
the downside of the budget were the [more] duties on fuel , he said , but these had to be reluctantly accepted in view of environmental considerations .

The sting for the oil industry came in the Chancellor 's later acknowledgment that he expected the changes in the oil taxation system to yield £300 million in additional Government revenue in 1994-95 and about £400 million the following year .
the sting for the oil industry came in the chancellor 's later acknowledgment that he expected the changes in the oil taxation system to yield £300 million in [more] government revenue in 1994-95 and about £400 million the following year .

But while the absence of additional tax on spirits yesterday was welcomed , it was also generally described as only the first step on a long road before Scotch and other spirits were able to operate on a level playing field against other alcoholic drinks , in particular , wine .
but while the absence of [more] tax on spirits yesterday was welcomed , it was also generally described as only the first step on a long road before scotch and other spirits were able to operate on a level playing field against other alcoholic drinks , in particular , wine .

Wimpey refused to quantify the additional charge it has taken for its involvement in the Channel Tunnel project , but it is thought to be similar to the £8 million announced by its fellow Chunnel contractor , Balfour Beatty , recently .
wimpey refused to quantify the [more] charge it has taken for its involvement in the channel tunnel project , but it is thought to be similar to the £8 million announced by its fellow chunnel contractor , balfour beatty , recently .

Standard Life deputy chief executive , David Ritchie , said : ‘ Yes , it is an additional tax on pension funds .
standard life deputy chief executive , david ritchie , said : ‘ yes , it is an [more] tax on pension funds .

Mr Simon , however , said he believed the changes would encourage additional investment in existing oilfields and raise the prospects of extending their productive life .
mr simon , however , said he believed the changes would encourage [more] investment in existing oilfields and raise the prospects of extending their productive life .

The restriction will also apply to related allowances — the additional personal allowance ( which goes mainly to single parents ) ; the widow 's bereavement allowance ( which is paid to a widow in the year of her husband 's death and in the following year ) ; and the relief for maintenance payments to a divorced or separated spouse .
the restriction will also apply to related allowances — the [more] personal allowance ( which goes mainly to single parents ) ; the widow 's bereavement allowance ( which is paid to a widow in the year of her husband 's death and in the following year ) ; and the relief for maintenance payments to a divorced or separated spouse .

However , they will receive an additional £200 increment on their allowance so that the maximum loss to a basic rate taxpayer aged 65 and over will be no greater than the loss to a basic rate taxpayer — £61 a year — aged under 65 .
however , they will receive an [more] £200 increment on their allowance so that the maximum loss to a basic rate taxpayer aged 65 and over will be no greater than the loss to a basic rate taxpayer — £61 a year — aged under 65 .

Shareholders who are liable at the higher rate of 40 per cent will incur additional tax payable at 5 per cent on the dividends received .
shareholders who are liable at the higher rate of 40 per cent will incur [more] tax payable at 5 per cent on the dividends received .

But there is a limit to how much further they can go before passing on the additional costs created by the devaluation last September , and inflation is likely to edge higher after next month .
but there is a limit to how much further they can go before passing on the [more] costs created by the devaluation last september , and inflation is likely to edge higher after next month .

Anyone else would be spending money prematurely because the benefits of additional quota would apply to a 1994 claim only .
anyone else would be spending money prematurely because the benefits of [more] quota would apply to a 1994 claim only .

The expansion will see the company step up its demand for an additional 200,000 tonnes of commercially-grown timber per year .
the expansion will see the company step up its demand for an [more] 200,000 tonnes of commercially-grown timber per year .

About 50 additional jobs will be created in the Inverness and Nairn Enterprise area , 40 in Ross and Cromarty , 35 in Moray , Badenoch and Strathspey and 25 in Caithness and Sutherland .
about 50 [more] jobs will be created in the inverness and nairn enterprise area , 40 in ross and cromarty , 35 in moray , badenoch and strathspey and 25 in caithness and sutherland .

That is not to say that he would necessarily replace Weir , because in the long term Weir could still find himself on the side of the scrum — his lineout talents are difficult to ignore , and he has revelled in the additional freedom that the No 6 jumper is allowed .
that is not to say that he would necessarily replace weir , because in the long term weir could still find himself on the side of the scrum — his lineout talents are difficult to ignore , and he has revelled in the [more] freedom that the no 6 jumper is allowed .

Namely , by going as a tight-head with , as previously noted , the important additional credential of a proven ability to pack acceptably on either side of the scrum tunnel .
namely , by going as a tight-head with , as previously noted , the important [more] credential of a proven ability to pack acceptably on either side of the scrum tunnel .

Additional priorities must be to encourage the players to express some individual flair and support those who are prepared to have a go rather than just retain possession which Scotland did achieve against Samoa for long enough .
[more] priorities must be to encourage the players to express some individual flair and support those who are prepared to have a go rather than just retain possession which scotland did achieve against samoa for long enough .

In contrast , random false hybridization signals and non-contiguous clones yield additional false neighbours which can be identified by lower numbers of links with a given probe .
in contrast , random false hybridization signals and non-contiguous clones yield [more] false neighbours which can be identified by lower numbers of links with a given probe .

In so far as the goal is to extract a ‘ clean ’ data set of ordered clones and probes , but which is still large enough to minimize the number of contigs , a high initial redundancy implies that less additional effort is needed to close any remaining gaps when all available probes are used and all contiguous clones are ordered .
in so far as the goal is to extract a ‘ clean ’ data set of ordered clones and probes , but which is still large enough to minimize the number of contigs , a high initial redundancy implies that less [more] effort is needed to close any remaining gaps when all available probes are used and all contiguous clones are ordered .

Due to errors in determination of fragment lengths and similarities between lengths of fragments in different parts of a genome , this interpretation will be closer to the hybridisation with multiple- copy probes ( plus additional ‘ noise ’ from fragments containing the vector component of a clone ) .
due to errors in determination of fragment lengths and similarities between lengths of fragments in different parts of a genome , this interpretation will be closer to the hybridisation with multiple- copy probes ( plus [more] ‘ noise ’ from fragments containing the vector component of a clone ) .

As an additional thought , the developers are going to be asked to manage what remains of the woodland . The only management we have seen to date has been with the aid of a chainsaw !
as an [more] thought , the developers are going to be asked to manage what remains of the woodland . the only management we have seen to date has been with the aid of a chainsaw !

Task Force chairman Kingsley Smith , Durham County Council chief executive , said last night : ‘ It is very good news , provided there are no catches , and it is to be genuinely additional money .
task force chairman kingsley smith , durham county council chief executive , said last night : ‘ it is very good news , provided there are no catches , and it is to be genuinely [more] money .

‘ But there wo n't be any additional changes that have not already been taken into account .
‘ but there wo n't be any [more] changes that have not already been taken into account .

‘ However , we understand we shall be gaining a substantial amount of this from Government grant and the additional burden falling on our own resources will be in the region of £200,000 .
‘ however , we understand we shall be gaining a substantial amount of this from government grant and the [more] burden falling on our own resources will be in the region of £200,000 .

Mr Peter Stewart , unit general manager at the Memorial Hospital , said the district health authority would raise additional money to ensure full in-patient services from day one .
mr peter stewart , unit general manager at the memorial hospital , said the district health authority would raise [more] money to ensure full in-patient services from day one .

Happiest day ‘ However , the health authority has now raised some additional money so that in-patients will be in this part of the unit , ’ he said .
happiest day ‘ however , the health authority has now raised some [more] money so that in-patients will be in this part of the unit , ’ he said .

Pow , mark you , needed additional threat wider out where the only hint of penetration came from Scott Nichol , whose scalding acceleration really ought to attract the attention of the national selectors .
pow , mark you , needed [more] threat wider out where the only hint of penetration came from scott nichol , whose scalding acceleration really ought to attract the attention of the national selectors .

The choice of McLeish as captain will , Roxburgh believes , remove an unwanted , additional pressure from McStay 's shoulders and let him be the midfield schemer who orchestrates the emphatic victory essential to Scotland 's progress .
the choice of mcleish as captain will , roxburgh believes , remove an unwanted , [more] pressure from mcstay 's shoulders and let him be the midfield schemer who orchestrates the emphatic victory essential to scotland 's progress .

Scotland are aware of the threat he poses — and the additional difficulties which the 6ft 2in loosehead prop , Ricky Evans , could cause at the front .
scotland are aware of the threat he poses — and the [more] difficulties which the 6ft 2in loosehead prop , ricky evans , could cause at the front .

Production of the magazine has become part of the students ' training , with proceeds being used to provide additional resources for the courses involved .
production of the magazine has become part of the students ' training , with proceeds being used to provide [more] resources for the courses involved .

Newsagents across the country had cleared extra floor space for the 60,000 additional copies of the paper .
newsagents across the country had cleared extra floor space for the 60,000 [more] copies of the paper .

‘ Additional money has been generated through
‘ [more] money has been generated through

The airport is currently grossly under-used and could , without any additional runway , cope with up to 12m passengers a year if new terminal buildings were provided on land available to the airport company .
the airport is currently grossly under-used and could , without any [more] runway , cope with up to 12m passengers a year if new terminal buildings were provided on land available to the airport company .

In his report to tomorrow 's police committee , Mr Graham warns the cost of the investigations , without additional funding , could have ‘ enormous implications . ’
in his report to tomorrow 's police committee , mr graham warns the cost of the investigations , without [more] funding , could have ‘ enormous implications . ’

‘ With essentially the same workforce , the turnover this time was £8m and the additional facility was completed on time and to budget .
‘ with essentially the same workforce , the turnover this time was £8m and the [more] facility was completed on time and to budget .

‘ Any additional out-of-pocket expenses are reimbursed by the home association on the referee 's return — again by cheque .
‘ any [more] out-of-pocket expenses are reimbursed by the home association on the referee 's return — again by cheque .

Last year donations totalled £5,200 through additional subscriptions .
last year donations totalled £5,200 through [more] subscriptions .

‘ We are aware of the local feeling and have come to the view that we should not fight for the additional land requirement , ’ Mr Walker said .
‘ we are aware of the local feeling and have come to the view that we should not fight for the [more] land requirement , ’ mr walker said .

So far , the City Airport has not applied for building approval for new roads , or additional car parking which would be necessary for the move .
so far , the city airport has not applied for building approval for new roads , or [more] car parking which would be necessary for the move .

About 190 questionnaires were completed on the campus , with an additional 250 names and addresses of absent colleagues submitted .
about 190 questionnaires were completed on the campus , with an [more] 250 names and addresses of absent colleagues submitted .

Owing to faster population growth and an internal migration rate approaching 10 % , an additional 1 in 10 sample was taken in 1966 and this would have been repeated in 1976 but for economic stringencies .
owing to faster population growth and an internal migration rate approaching 10 % , an [more] 1 in 10 sample was taken in 1966 and this would have been repeated in 1976 but for economic stringencies .

( In Scotland , additional information on date and place of marriage allows easy construction of family trees which is vital in genetic research . )
( in scotland , [more] information on date and place of marriage allows easy construction of family trees which is vital in genetic research . )

Thus , if the ten students had been given additional tuition , however ineffective , it would have appeared to be of benefit .
thus , if the ten students had been given [more] tuition , however ineffective , it would have appeared to be of benefit .

Alternatively , if enough additional blocks can be found , it may be possible to allocate the treatments in such a way that any treatment comparison can be made within at least one block .
alternatively , if enough [more] blocks can be found , it may be possible to allocate the treatments in such a way that any treatment comparison can be made within at least one block .

In the design of medical experiments ( for the assessment of new drugs , for example ) two additional problems generally appear .
in the design of medical experiments ( for the assessment of new drugs , for example ) two [more] problems generally appear .

If , on the other hand , a frame contains additional information about the population members , stratified sampling can improve both external validity and precision .
if , on the other hand , a frame contains [more] information about the population members , stratified sampling can improve both external validity and precision .

This additional cost , if sufficiently large , will be passed on to bank customers based upon a new , higher base rate .
this [more] cost , if sufficiently large , will be passed on to bank customers based upon a new , higher base rate .

The key market here is the interbank market , as described before the principal source of funds for clearing banks , and where additional funds are obtained .
the key market here is the interbank market , as described before the principal source of funds for clearing banks , and where [more] funds are obtained .

Merely giving management its ‘ marching orders ’ proved insufficient to ensure that the principal economic function of producing goods and services was carried out efficiently and without becoming an additional strain on state finances .
merely giving management its ‘ marching orders ’ proved insufficient to ensure that the principal economic function of producing goods and services was carried out efficiently and without becoming an [more] strain on state finances .

Rising wages were important for markets primarily because workers ' additional spending accounted for the bulk of the growth in consumption expenditure .
rising wages were important for markets primarily because workers ' [more] spending accounted for the bulk of the growth in consumption expenditure .

Higher living standards enabled many workers to save a little , providing additional insurance against the financial costs of the sack , of quitting or of striking .
higher living standards enabled many workers to save a little , providing [more] insurance against the financial costs of the sack , of quitting or of striking .

So , while growth of the welfare state hardly loosened the compulsion on workers to work , it did undermine dependence on any particular employer and provided an additional source of conflict , in the course of which such greater independence could be exercised .
so , while growth of the welfare state hardly loosened the compulsion on workers to work , it did undermine dependence on any particular employer and provided an [more] source of conflict , in the course of which such greater independence could be exercised .

In the 1950s most of the additional reserves which countries accumulated to support their burgeoning trade had to consist of dollars ; in the 1960s gold 's contribution was negligible .
in the 1950s most of the [more] reserves which countries accumulated to support their burgeoning trade had to consist of dollars ; in the 1960s gold 's contribution was negligible .

Capitalism 's hunger for additional workers creates a larger and larger class of waged workers .
capitalism 's hunger for [more] workers creates a larger and larger class of waged workers .

Given declining male participation rates ( particularly because of earlier retirement and extended education ) , employment would have grown only half as fast without these sources of additional labour .
given declining male participation rates ( particularly because of earlier retirement and extended education ) , employment would have grown only half as fast without these sources of [more] labour .

An increasing imbalance between accumulation and supplies of additional labour requires the faster scrapping of old plant to speed up the transfer of workers to new means of production .
an increasing imbalance between accumulation and supplies of [more] labour requires the faster scrapping of old plant to speed up the transfer of workers to new means of production .

With little additional labour available , employers compete fiercely for labour to operate newly installed machinery .
with little [more] labour available , employers compete fiercely for labour to operate newly installed machinery .

This additional borrowing , being routed in part through the banking system , ensured a faster growth of the money supply .
this [more] borrowing , being routed in part through the banking system , ensured a faster growth of the money supply .

Of course , no foreign central bank was compelled to hold a single additional dollar — indeed , they could have unloaded part of their existing holdings .
of course , no foreign central bank was compelled to hold a single [more] dollar — indeed , they could have unloaded part of their existing holdings .

The additional exports required to earn the extra foreign exchange constituted a drain from domestic incomes .
the [more] exports required to earn the extra foreign exchange constituted a drain from domestic incomes .

Because of the high costs involved , councillors are being asked to consider providing additional security measures at schools most at risk .
because of the high costs involved , councillors are being asked to consider providing [more] security measures at schools most at risk .

Two additional jobs to be created .
two [more] jobs to be created .

Two additional jobs to be created .
two [more] jobs to be created .

Divisional manager Graham Chadwick said that if the 14 beds in the district hospital closed , there would be a need for five additional beds and a maternity suite at the Chest Hospital to meet demand between now and the turn of the century .
divisional manager graham chadwick said that if the 14 beds in the district hospital closed , there would be a need for five [more] beds and a maternity suite at the chest hospital to meet demand between now and the turn of the century .

An additional train had been introduced on Saturdays to meet British Steel 's demand for more limestone .
an [more] train had been introduced on saturdays to meet british steel 's demand for more limestone .

In addition , residents of Nunthorpe will have to pay an additional £2.16-per head and Stainton and Thornton , £1.75 .
in addition , residents of nunthorpe will have to pay an [more] £2.16-per head and stainton and thornton , £1.75 .

Store sheep , 188 forward ewe and lamb couples Welsh single couples £24 to £41.50 , Welsh double couples £41 to £47.50 , cross bred singles up to £51 , Welsh yearling couples £46 to £60 , cull ewes cross bred ewes £18.50 to £29.80 , Welsh ewes £12.80 to £20.50 , rams from £17 to £25.50 , prime stock entry of 578 lambs with additional buyer in attendance , heavier lambs showing the best trade with insufficient numbers forward to meet demand , the lighter lambs met a firm trade resulting in a sale average of 108.1p , light lambs from 103.2p to 112.8p ( 107.54p ) , standard from 104.5p to 116.3p ( 107.3p ) , medium lambs from 113.6p to 115.7p ( 114.1p ) .
store sheep , 188 forward ewe and lamb couples welsh single couples £24 to £41.50 , welsh double couples £41 to £47.50 , cross bred singles up to £51 , welsh yearling couples £46 to £60 , cull ewes cross bred ewes £18.50 to £29.80 , welsh ewes £12.80 to £20.50 , rams from £17 to £25.50 , prime stock entry of 578 lambs with [more] buyer in attendance , heavier lambs showing the best trade with insufficient numbers forward to meet demand , the lighter lambs met a firm trade resulting in a sale average of 108.1p , light lambs from 103.2p to 112.8p ( 107.54p ) , standard from 104.5p to 116.3p ( 107.3p ) , medium lambs from 113.6p to 115.7p ( 114.1p ) .

The company announced additional help for lower income consumers , including a 2pc discount for card meter holders , targeted at consumers with payment difficulties .
the company announced [more] help for lower income consumers , including a 2pc discount for card meter holders , targeted at consumers with payment difficulties .

Additional officers in a police van were called to give them back up and in turn became the target for bricks and stones .
[more] officers in a police van were called to give them back up and in turn became the target for bricks and stones .

He added : ‘ The Government seem to make no allowance for additional responsibilities , such as City Challenge and Safer Cities . ’
he added : ‘ the government seem to make no allowance for [more] responsibilities , such as city challenge and safer cities . ’

But from June 1 they will pay £5 and an additional 10p for each trip they make .
but from june 1 they will pay £5 and an [more] 10p for each trip they make .

But since then we have been given additional help with the cleaning , but the same hours .
but since then we have been given [more] help with the cleaning , but the same hours .

Only 35 houses were completed in the area in the last year yet the survey revealed 522 households needing different or additional accommodation within five years .
only 35 houses were completed in the area in the last year yet the survey revealed 522 households needing different or [more] accommodation within five years .

Major extensions to the works will provide biological treatment , additional settlement tanks and storm water handling improvements .
major extensions to the works will provide biological treatment , [more] settlement tanks and storm water handling improvements .

‘ We will therefore identify what additional measures need to be taken in future . ’
‘ we will therefore identify what [more] measures need to be taken in future . ’

But John Bell , director of leisure services , added : ‘ We are gravely concerned about the incident and have taken steps to ensure that , by additional training and regular monitoring , the safety of schoolchildren at the pools , and swimmers generally , will continue to be of the highest priority . ’
but john bell , director of leisure services , added : ‘ we are gravely concerned about the incident and have taken steps to ensure that , by [more] training and regular monitoring , the safety of schoolchildren at the pools , and swimmers generally , will continue to be of the highest priority . ’

Buckby believes Cleveland should adopt the same selection policy as Durham County that the first five in the county championships win automatic selection , with three additional discretionary places .
buckby believes cleveland should adopt the same selection policy as durham county that the first five in the county championships win automatic selection , with three [more] discretionary places .

Lamb , however , dismissed suggestions that Middlesbrough 's share of the television deal would be £1.4 million with an additional fee of £78,000 per televised match .
lamb , however , dismissed suggestions that middlesbrough 's share of the television deal would be £1.4 million with an [more] fee of £78,000 per televised match .

‘ These additional risks were likely to have implications for the success of an already challenging project .
‘ these [more] risks were likely to have implications for the success of an already challenging project .

It could , without an additional runway , cope with up to 12 million passengers a year if new terminal buildings were provided .
it could , without an [more] runway , cope with up to 12 million passengers a year if new terminal buildings were provided .

‘ Additional landscaping will be provided to assist in the assimilation of the sculpture into its parkland setting . ’
‘ [more] landscaping will be provided to assist in the assimilation of the sculpture into its parkland setting . ’

No additional costs were borne by Sedgefield District Council .
no [more] costs were borne by sedgefield district council .

Under Council Tax legislation , a dwelling can be placed in a lower valuation band if there is a room predominantly used to meet the needs of a disabled person ; if there is an additional bathroom or kitchen ; or the person is in a wheelchair .
under council tax legislation , a dwelling can be placed in a lower valuation band if there is a room predominantly used to meet the needs of a disabled person ; if there is an [more] bathroom or kitchen ; or the person is in a wheelchair .

With the station 's new information and visitors centre proving to be a great attraction , the increased numbers of visitors has led to the company employing an additional eight guides this year , he added .
with the station 's new information and visitors centre proving to be a great attraction , the increased numbers of visitors has led to the company employing an [more] eight guides this year , he added .

Now the Meningitis Trust has a turnover approaching a million pounds a year , a full-time staff of 16 , and trials begin in Gloucestershire next year on additional vaccines .
now the meningitis trust has a turnover approaching a million pounds a year , a full-time staff of 16 , and trials begin in gloucestershire next year on [more] vaccines .

Access was already frustrated by an existing step and the additional minor increase in height made no real significant decrease in accessibility .
access was already frustrated by an existing step and the [more] minor increase in height made no real significant decrease in accessibility .

The two companies already have a strategic partnership but Renault said the merger would produce additional savings of more than 30 billion francs ( £3.4 billion ) by the year 2000 .
the two companies already have a strategic partnership but renault said the merger would produce [more] savings of more than 30 billion francs ( £3.4 billion ) by the year 2000 .

‘ Our clients will very quickly recognise the advantages of the additional space and the agency terminal for Halifax investors .
‘ our clients will very quickly recognise the advantages of the [more] space and the agency terminal for halifax investors .

However , he made no mention of providing additional funds to support the new proposals .
however , he made no mention of providing [more] funds to support the new proposals .

However , because no additional money has been made available to establish a central development fund to extend services in these areas , the money may have to be taken away from existing services in other areas .
however , because no [more] money has been made available to establish a central development fund to extend services in these areas , the money may have to be taken away from existing services in other areas .

Services in Belfast , Banbridge and Strabane — with an expenditure of 33p , 39p and 51p respectively per capita — stand to lose out if no additional money is available to extend services to other parts of the province .
services in belfast , banbridge and strabane — with an expenditure of 33p , 39p and 51p respectively per capita — stand to lose out if no [more] money is available to extend services to other parts of the province .

Greater examination of vehicles entering the complex is now expected to be introduced , and additional security staff may be deployed .
greater examination of vehicles entering the complex is now expected to be introduced , and [more] security staff may be deployed .

In Holland , it is a different situation as most of the players are students and those that are n't are compensated financially for additional time off work .
in holland , it is a different situation as most of the players are students and those that are n't are compensated financially for [more] time off work .

But in Stoke Mandeville 's case GPs have referred too many patients , effectively presenting the health authorities with an additional bill they ca n't pay .
but in stoke mandeville 's case gps have referred too many patients , effectively presenting the health authorities with an [more] bill they ca n't pay .

Hartwells say they themselves are concerned with the environment and claim any additional and replacement equipment has been carefully selected with the environment in mind .
hartwells say they themselves are concerned with the environment and claim any [more] and replacement equipment has been carefully selected with the environment in mind .

Membership of the Exchange Rate Mechanism will be an additional discipline for the United Kingdom economy ; in no sense is it a soft option .
membership of the exchange rate mechanism will be an [more] discipline for the united kingdom economy ; in no sense is it a soft option .

It 's very much the last attempt — not er , not for , from the point of view of negotiating or er , but , but simply a matter of fact , er we need erm we need to move , we need to have additional sources of , sources of income , that er the type of facility that we 're looking to build will give the club to put it on a firm financial footing , and at the same time to give the local people of the City and er the , the surrounding County er tremendous new facilities .
it 's very much the last attempt — not er , not for , from the point of view of negotiating or er , but , but simply a matter of fact , er we need erm we need to move , we need to have [more] sources of , sources of income , that er the type of facility that we 're looking to build will give the club to put it on a firm financial footing , and at the same time to give the local people of the city and er the , the surrounding county er tremendous new facilities .

It makes the point that additional will be needed and extra money .
it makes the point that [more] will be needed and extra money .

That 's probably a set of tyres or something - it 's not a great deal of money in this day and age - but then failure is limited to actual breakage , wear and tear is excluded , it does n't cover the cost of working materials such as gaskets , if the vehicle has been modified in any way it 's excluded , it excludes any personal injury resulting from the breakdown , it covers erm the schedule is invalid if you have not covered the servicing aspects on page ten , the servicing aspects on page ten require you within ten days or two hundred and fifty miles of three thousand miles intervals — most cars now are six thousand mile intervals — to have the oil changed , so there 's a built-in additional service , and so it goes on .
that 's probably a set of tyres or something - it 's not a great deal of money in this day and age - but then failure is limited to actual breakage , wear and tear is excluded , it does n't cover the cost of working materials such as gaskets , if the vehicle has been modified in any way it 's excluded , it excludes any personal injury resulting from the breakdown , it covers erm the schedule is invalid if you have not covered the servicing aspects on page ten , the servicing aspects on page ten require you within ten days or two hundred and fifty miles of three thousand miles intervals — most cars now are six thousand mile intervals — to have the oil changed , so there 's a built-in [more] service , and so it goes on .

So your Plan Five covers up to five hundred pounds and additional items like turbo and erm air conditioning and all sorts of things .
so your plan five covers up to five hundred pounds and [more] items like turbo and erm air conditioning and all sorts of things .

erm we decided from the start that erm the mums who have their kids in the creche should make some contribution towards the costs ; we 're providing them with a benefit erm but the company picks up the major part of the bill erm but in terms of the output from the additional sewing machinists that we 've got , it 's very , very cost-effective , yes .
erm we decided from the start that erm the mums who have their kids in the creche should make some contribution towards the costs ; we 're providing them with a benefit erm but the company picks up the major part of the bill erm but in terms of the output from the [more] sewing machinists that we 've got , it 's very , very cost-effective , yes .

However , an additional 18 month management training scheme leading to the Homebase Management Certificate in Garden Retailing has been introduced .
however , an [more] 18 month management training scheme leading to the homebase management certificate in garden retailing has been introduced .

These call-slips , as submitted , already contained much of the information required , but for the purposes of the Survey additional information was added to them both by the members of staff to whom they were submitted , and by fieldwork students from the College of Librarianship Wales who physically examined the requested items before their delivery to readers .
these call-slips , as submitted , already contained much of the information required , but for the purposes of the survey [more] information was added to them both by the members of staff to whom they were submitted , and by fieldwork students from the college of librarianship wales who physically examined the requested items before their delivery to readers .

The binding of items emerged as the second most important reason for their non-availability , accounting for around one in five ( 21 % ) of unsatisfied requests , while the Library 's inability to locate items when they were requested ( 10 % ) , and a tendency for some readers to submit requests for items not appearing in the Library 's catalogues ( 10 % ) were additional reasons which occurred with some frequency .
the binding of items emerged as the second most important reason for their non-availability , accounting for around one in five ( 21 % ) of unsatisfied requests , while the library 's inability to locate items when they were requested ( 10 % ) , and a tendency for some readers to submit requests for items not appearing in the library 's catalogues ( 10 % ) were [more] reasons which occurred with some frequency .

An additional factor is that in speaking English we vary in how rhythmically we speak : sometimes we speak very rhythmically ( this is typical of some styles of public speaking ) while at other times we speak arhythmically ( that is , without rhythm ) — for example , when we are hesitant or nervous .
an [more] factor is that in speaking english we vary in how rhythmically we speak : sometimes we speak very rhythmically ( this is typical of some styles of public speaking ) while at other times we speak arhythmically ( that is , without rhythm ) — for example , when we are hesitant or nervous .

Remember that the additional information given in the examples above by drawing pitch levels and movements between lines is only included here to make the examples clearer and is not normally given with our system of transcription , so all the important information about intonation must be given by the marks placed in the text .
remember that the [more] information given in the examples above by drawing pitch levels and movements between lines is only included here to make the examples clearer and is not normally given with our system of transcription , so all the important information about intonation must be given by the marks placed in the text .

The obvious approach would be to have two additional features : gliding to and gliding to ; , and would be ( -gliding to , -gliding to ) .
the obvious approach would be to have two [more] features : gliding to and gliding to ; , and would be ( -gliding to , -gliding to ) .

English , on the other hand , has to be able to distinguish dental from labiodental and alveolar places of articulation for to be distinct from and and for to be distinct from and ; this requires an additional feature that most languages do not need , and this could be seen as specific task for the learner of English .
english , on the other hand , has to be able to distinguish dental from labiodental and alveolar places of articulation for to be distinct from and and for to be distinct from and ; this requires an [more] feature that most languages do not need , and this could be seen as specific task for the learner of english .

If such techniques are further developed , it should be possible to use computers to provide additional pronunciation training at times when a human teacher is not available .
if such techniques are further developed , it should be possible to use computers to provide [more] pronunciation training at times when a human teacher is not available .

Among the new terminal 's facilities are 14 additional aircraft parking stands , 54 more check-in desks , nine extra restaurants and bars , extensive retail shopping areas and lifts serving all airbridges .
among the new terminal 's facilities are 14 [more] aircraft parking stands , 54 more check-in desks , nine extra restaurants and bars , extensive retail shopping areas and lifts serving all airbridges .

Last year , Inland Revenue investigations into the affairs of 1.54pc of the nation 's farmers is said to have produced an additional £18m tax revenue .
last year , inland revenue investigations into the affairs of 1.54pc of the nation 's farmers is said to have produced an [more] £18m tax revenue .

According to the Aasociation of North Western House Builders , recent interest rate reductions were welcome but further action was needed to prevent additional house repossessions to encourage house moves and create employment in the construction industry .
according to the aasociation of north western house builders , recent interest rate reductions were welcome but further action was needed to prevent [more] house repossessions to encourage house moves and create employment in the construction industry .

The Association 's chairman , Paul Bell , said there were signs of confidence creeping back into the market but there was room for additional measures if a fullblown recovery was to be seen .
the association 's chairman , paul bell , said there were signs of confidence creeping back into the market but there was room for [more] measures if a fullblown recovery was to be seen .

The firm will take on about 1,000 current cases from the council 's in-house legal department , and expects to increase its workload by an additional 1,000 new cases annually during the initial 3-year contract .
the firm will take on about 1,000 current cases from the council 's in-house legal department , and expects to increase its workload by an [more] 1,000 new cases annually during the initial 3-year contract .

He said : ‘ In these exceptional circumstances the moisture content was bound to be much higher than usual , leading to additional costs in drying down to reach the normal intervention standards of 14.45pc . ’
he said : ‘ in these exceptional circumstances the moisture content was bound to be much higher than usual , leading to [more] costs in drying down to reach the normal intervention standards of 14.45pc . ’

After the judgment , Neil Garrie , head of corporate affairs for London Underground , said : ‘ We did not want to cause additional stress to Mr Hale but the evidence we had would not have supported a settlement of the size of the eventual award . ’
after the judgment , neil garrie , head of corporate affairs for london underground , said : ‘ we did not want to cause [more] stress to mr hale but the evidence we had would not have supported a settlement of the size of the eventual award . ’

Many people would welcome additional laws penalising those animal rights trespassers who attack them and their property .
many people would welcome [more] laws penalising those animal rights trespassers who attack them and their property .

The company claims providing covered wagons would cost £12.6m , with an additional £900,000 a year running costs .
the company claims providing covered wagons would cost £12.6m , with an [more] £900,000 a year running costs .

Deeside Enterprise Centre is getting a 40pc grant worth £99,840 for four additional workshop units and the refurbishment of an old school building .
deeside enterprise centre is getting a 40pc grant worth £99,840 for four [more] workshop units and the refurbishment of an old school building .

Work eligible for grant aid includes environmental improvements , landscaping , additional facilities and bilingual signs .
work eligible for grant aid includes environmental improvements , landscaping , [more] facilities and bilingual signs .

National Union of Public Employees ' senior London officer Chris Humphreys said : ‘ It is essential the inquiry reports quickly and that any additional resources required are available .
national union of public employees ' senior london officer chris humphreys said : ‘ it is essential the inquiry reports quickly and that any [more] resources required are available .

Even as it formally commissioned its $100 million Tencel fibers plant … Courtaulds was planning additional investments in its cellulose fibers business .
even as it formally commissioned its $100 million tencel fibers plant … courtaulds was planning [more] investments in its cellulose fibers business .

Negotiations are under way to acquire an additional 41,000 sq metres of land at Gonfreville to accommodate the town centre operations .
negotiations are under way to acquire an [more] 41,000 sq metres of land at gonfreville to accommodate the town centre operations .

Plans are being drawn up for a new production line that will provide additional capacity of 60,000 tubes per day at the factory currently making 317,000 tubes per day .
plans are being drawn up for a new production line that will provide [more] capacity of 60,000 tubes per day at the factory currently making 317,000 tubes per day .

The process does not end here , however , because the increase in income will bring forth additional consumption spending in the next period .
the process does not end here , however , because the increase in income will bring forth [more] consumption spending in the next period .

In fact , since the mpc is 0.8 and the mpm is 0.2 , we know that consumption will rise by £1.6 million of which £0.4 million will be additional expenditure on imports .
in fact , since the mpc is 0.8 and the mpm is 0.2 , we know that consumption will rise by £1.6 million of which £0.4 million will be [more] expenditure on imports .

To take an extreme example , if all the additional income received were withdrawn from the circular flow of income , the multiplier would be equal to l and the final rise in income would be just equal to the initial rise in spending and no more .
to take an extreme example , if all the [more] income received were withdrawn from the circular flow of income , the multiplier would be equal to l and the final rise in income would be just equal to the initial rise in spending and no more .

Notice that the slope of the consumption line is 0.8 : this represents the fraction of additional disposable income which will be consumed and , as we saw in the last chapter , is called the marginal propensity to consume ( mpc ) .
notice that the slope of the consumption line is 0.8 : this represents the fraction of [more] disposable income which will be consumed and , as we saw in the last chapter , is called the marginal propensity to consume ( mpc ) .

Similarly , the slope of the saving line ( = 0.2 ) represents the fraction of additional disposable income that will be saved and is called the marginal propensity to save ( mps ) .
similarly , the slope of the saving line ( = 0.2 ) represents the fraction of [more] disposable income that will be saved and is called the marginal propensity to save ( mps ) .

This means that for every additional pound of income received , consumption rises by some fraction of a pound .
this means that for every [more] pound of income received , consumption rises by some fraction of a pound .

In fact , firms must demand additional capital to meet any increases in demand for their product .
in fact , firms must demand [more] capital to meet any increases in demand for their product .

An additional attractive feature for savers was the fact that societies did not normally levy transactions charges on accounts .
an [more] attractive feature for savers was the fact that societies did not normally levy transactions charges on accounts .

Using these techniques may enable an additional reduction of 20 per cent in water use .
using these techniques may enable an [more] reduction of 20 per cent in water use .

Apart from the economic case for using less water , there are three additional benefits :
apart from the economic case for using less water , there are three [more] benefits :

‘ We have n't as a rule the problems of the petrochemical industry , where some parts of the industry in the past put in huge new additional capacity and got gross over-production .
‘ we have n't as a rule the problems of the petrochemical industry , where some parts of the industry in the past put in huge new [more] capacity and got gross over-production .

Recently additional facilities were completed so that the Department now comprises a purpose-built Food Studies/Cookery Room and a separate Textile Studies/Fabric Work Area .
recently [more] facilities were completed so that the department now comprises a purpose-built food studies/cookery room and a separate textile studies/fabric work area .

Such positive feedback can occur because the original design was not sufficiently careful or because of additional phase shifts that could not reasonably be foreseen .
such positive feedback can occur because the original design was not sufficiently careful or because of [more] phase shifts that could not reasonably be foreseen .

‘ We may have to decide upon additional action ’ , said Yeo .
‘ we may have to decide upon [more] action ’ , said yeo .

Many people believe additional research is needed to look at this earlier part of the process .
many people believe [more] research is needed to look at this earlier part of the process .

In addition to the factors outlined in the previous section , a sales negotiator will benefit by paying attention to the following additional factors during preparation .
in addition to the factors outlined in the previous section , a sales negotiator will benefit by paying attention to the following [more] factors during preparation .

Additional features are a number-coded locking device , a variable depth feature which allows the briefcase to be expanded from its usual 3½ inches to 5½ inches , individual gilt initialling on each briefcase , an ink-resistant interior compartment for pens , and three pockets inside the lid to take different sized papers/documents .
[more] features are a number-coded locking device , a variable depth feature which allows the briefcase to be expanded from its usual 3½ inches to 5½ inches , individual gilt initialling on each briefcase , an ink-resistant interior compartment for pens , and three pockets inside the lid to take different sized papers/documents .

Depending upon the objective above , in the case of ( a ) ask for the order now , or in the case of ( b ) arrange for further communication in the form of a meeting , a telephone call , a letter , an additional demonstration to other members of the decision making unit , etc .
depending upon the objective above , in the case of ( a ) ask for the order now , or in the case of ( b ) arrange for further communication in the form of a meeting , a telephone call , a letter , an [more] demonstration to other members of the decision making unit , etc .

An additional quantity is offered for the normal price , e.g. ‘ two for the price of one ’ or ‘ 10% bigger — same price as before . ’
an [more] quantity is offered for the normal price , e.g. ‘ two for the price of one ’ or ‘ 10% bigger — same price as before . ’

During a scheme additional bonus points may be awarded for the attainment of more specific short-term objectives such as increased sales of a particular product , increased number of new customers , training and display objectives .
during a scheme [more] bonus points may be awarded for the attainment of more specific short-term objectives such as increased sales of a particular product , increased number of new customers , training and display objectives .

By drawing General Managers ' attention to the British Gas environment publications ; ensuring they have an adequate supply along with display holders [ similar to that outside the Public relations office ] and letting them know how and from whom to obtain additional information .
by drawing general managers ' attention to the british gas environment publications ; ensuring they have an adequate supply along with display holders [ similar to that outside the public relations office ] and letting them know how and from whom to obtain [more] information .

If we deliver the wrong product to a customer , the ‘ hard ’ costs should be fairly easy to calculate — additional transport and paperwork , disposal costs etc .
if we deliver the wrong product to a customer , the ‘ hard ’ costs should be fairly easy to calculate — [more] transport and paperwork , disposal costs etc .

Any indadit additional information ? There is n't .
any indadit [more] information ? there is n't .

It would also help to replace the jack socket with the stereo type and use the additional contact as an extra earth terminal .
it would also help to replace the jack socket with the stereo type and use the [more] contact as an extra earth terminal .

Additional , and equally radical inspiration for the aspiring bassist arrived slightly later on , in the form of the Mahavishnu Orchestra and the unusual bass-playing talents of Stanley Clarke .
[more] , and equally radical inspiration for the aspiring bassist arrived slightly later on , in the form of the mahavishnu orchestra and the unusual bass-playing talents of stanley clarke .

The double drones add an additional treble ring , which cuts through over the thicker , enveloping sound of the main bass strings .
the double drones add an [more] treble ring , which cuts through over the thicker , enveloping sound of the main bass strings .

This enabled me to keep working without causing additional expense ; it caused Chandlers disruption because they do not have this loaned item of stock to sell — and , furthermore , when it 's returned to the shop , will probably be sold as ex-demo .
this enabled me to keep working without causing [more] expense ; it caused chandlers disruption because they do not have this loaned item of stock to sell — and , furthermore , when it 's returned to the shop , will probably be sold as ex-demo .

This type of jointing is not only economical in terms of wood use , but provides additional strength at the vulnerable neck-to-headstock transition .
this type of jointing is not only economical in terms of wood use , but provides [more] strength at the vulnerable neck-to-headstock transition .

Plugged in , you get the benefit of the Harmonic Enhancer , which offers controllable amounts of additional harmonics to brighten and colour the sound .
plugged in , you get the benefit of the harmonic enhancer , which offers controllable amounts of [more] harmonics to brighten and colour the sound .

Once again , at the very end of this , the longest video of the three , Julian sneaks in some additional MIDI-based information , leading you on to the rather more complex volume three .
once again , at the very end of this , the longest video of the three , julian sneaks in some [more] midi-based information , leading you on to the rather more complex volume three .

If the gas is unable to escape from the bladder while additional amounts are being added , this could then lead to the swimbladder being blown up like a balloon .
if the gas is unable to escape from the bladder while [more] amounts are being added , this could then lead to the swimbladder being blown up like a balloon .

Additional filter media , such as carbon , can be recommended inside the sponge support grid .
[more] filter media , such as carbon , can be recommended inside the sponge support grid .

No additional components are need to build this circuit .
no [more] components are need to build this circuit .

No additional components are required .
no [more] components are required .

No additional components are needed to build this circuit .
no [more] components are needed to build this circuit .

No additional components are needed .
no [more] components are needed .

When the main code is mathematically processed in some way , this gives an answer equal to the additional number .
when the main code is mathematically processed in some way , this gives an answer equal to the [more] number .

Perhaps , it was surmised , another star had a near-miss with the sun , and supplied additional energy not accounted for in the angular momentum theory .
perhaps , it was surmised , another star had a near-miss with the sun , and supplied [more] energy not accounted for in the angular momentum theory .

In later species there appeared an additional opening behind the eye socket to allow for an attachment of the various jaw muscles ; these were the synapsids .
in later species there appeared an [more] opening behind the eye socket to allow for an attachment of the various jaw muscles ; these were the synapsids .

In this sense ( and probably in this stance only ) it was tripedal , with the tail acting as an additional balancing limb .
in this sense ( and probably in this stance only ) it was tripedal , with the tail acting as an [more] balancing limb .

As the size of a non-ectothermic herbivore increases it has the additional problem of finding enough food ( so there is , incidentally , a selective advantage for any plant to become unpalatable ) .
as the size of a non-ectothermic herbivore increases it has the [more] problem of finding enough food ( so there is , incidentally , a selective advantage for any plant to become unpalatable ) .

This allows you to set up a different sound by altering the mid emphasis , coupled with selectable additional boost which can then be triggered by either the front panel ‘ enable ’ switch or via a footswitch .
this allows you to set up a different sound by altering the mid emphasis , coupled with selectable [more] boost which can then be triggered by either the front panel ‘ enable ’ switch or via a footswitch .

The actual contouring and shape of the body is almost exactly the same as the Berlin Pro , but Jim asked that some additional chamfering be applied to the top of the body .
the actual contouring and shape of the body is almost exactly the same as the berlin pro , but jim asked that some [more] chamfering be applied to the top of the body .

As the girl reached the door , she caught the additional command : ‘ And tell Cook to get some water on the boil .
as the girl reached the door , she caught the [more] command : ‘ and tell cook to get some water on the boil .

’ For fat women , there are additional problems .
’ for fat women , there are [more] problems .

However , it was then thought that additional family payments could remove most married women from the labour market , thus protecting men 's jobs and strengthening the traditional family .
however , it was then thought that [more] family payments could remove most married women from the labour market , thus protecting men 's jobs and strengthening the traditional family .

The driver may also arrange a mirror additional to the driving mirror so that the speechreading passenger sitting next to him sees his face .
the driver may also arrange a mirror [more] to the driving mirror so that the speechreading passenger sitting next to him sees his face .

Remember the additional cost of an air pump .
remember the [more] cost of an air pump .

Spider for additional support
spider for [more] support

In the first instance , tell your insurance company of the changes and they will let you know if there is any small additional premium to pay .
in the first instance , tell your insurance company of the changes and they will let you know if there is any small [more] premium to pay .

On taking out an annual subscription ( for which the usual fee is £22 , plus an additional £5 for the first year enrolment ) , Ideal Home Subscribers will receive a copy of the Royal Horticultural Society Address Book , worth £8.99 , absolutely free .
on taking out an annual subscription ( for which the usual fee is £22 , plus an [more] £5 for the first year enrolment ) , ideal home subscribers will receive a copy of the royal horticultural society address book , worth £8.99 , absolutely free .

Many budget-priced car alarms have no visual indication that they are in operation and an additional flashing light could draw attention to this fact .
many budget-priced car alarms have no visual indication that they are in operation and an [more] flashing light could draw attention to this fact .

Hence , instead of introducing an additional variable resistance in series with the meter ( and consequently suffering impaired linearity ) , our capacitance range adapter is calibrated by adjusting the frequency of the square wave source !
hence , instead of introducing an [more] variable resistance in series with the meter ( and consequently suffering impaired linearity ) , our capacitance range adapter is calibrated by adjusting the frequency of the square wave source !

When the inductor current is less than that needed by the load , the capacitor sheds some of its stored energy and provides the required additional current .
when the inductor current is less than that needed by the load , the capacitor sheds some of its stored energy and provides the required [more] current .

If a mains power supply is used , ensure that an additional decoupling capacitor of several thousand microfarads ( µF ) is placed across the output .
if a mains power supply is used , ensure that an [more] decoupling capacitor of several thousand microfarads ( µf ) is placed across the output .

The school was extended to accommodate the increased number of children and an additional school was built for the infants .
the school was extended to accommodate the increased number of children and an [more] school was built for the infants .

The village is a typical ‘ street ’ type of community , with the original single line of houses having been augmented in recent years with additional housing developing along the back lanes , behind the Main Street .
the village is a typical ‘ street ’ type of community , with the original single line of houses having been augmented in recent years with [more] housing developing along the back lanes , behind the main street .

Obviously , if you followed a stricter diet , allowing you only 1,000 calories a day , you would draw an additional 500 calories a day from your body fat .
obviously , if you followed a stricter diet , allowing you only 1,000 calories a day , you would draw an [more] 500 calories a day from your body fat .

With still more additional dietary fibre , 32g a day , the stools were found to contain 210 calories on average .
with still more [more] dietary fibre , 32g a day , the stools were found to contain 210 calories on average .

However , there are other , additional , calories in the faeces expelled after high-fibre eating , in the form of fat and protein .
however , there are other , [more] , calories in the faeces expelled after high-fibre eating , in the form of fat and protein .

The F-Plan method can make you slim without additional exercises .
the f-plan method can make you slim without [more] exercises .

However , we recommend that you keep to the usual recommended calorie intakes for weight loss , and reap the additional advantages in ease and speed , rather than try to eat even fewer calories than usually recommended in a diet .
however , we recommend that you keep to the usual recommended calorie intakes for weight loss , and reap the [more] advantages in ease and speed , rather than try to eat even fewer calories than usually recommended in a diet .

Also , make up your additional 15g or more of dietary fibre from the meals — so that your total daily intake of dietary fibre is , ideally , between 35g and 50g .
also , make up your [more] 15g or more of dietary fibre from the meals — so that your total daily intake of dietary fibre is , ideally , between 35g and 50g .

Hanging the pump on strong elastic is an additional way of reducing the noise , as well as locating it above the tank 's water level for safety .
hanging the pump on strong elastic is an [more] way of reducing the noise , as well as locating it above the tank 's water level for safety .

Your filter can deal with the waste products of the fish , but you should not expect it to also cope with additional and unnecessary pollution .
your filter can deal with the waste products of the fish , but you should not expect it to also cope with [more] and unnecessary pollution .

Check the filter is working efficiently , as warmer waters hold less oxygen than cooler waters and anything that will place additional stress on the fish should be avoided .
check the filter is working efficiently , as warmer waters hold less oxygen than cooler waters and anything that will place [more] stress on the fish should be avoided .

The salt has high levels of calcium to buffer the water and additional quantities of the elements that are used up by marine life .
the salt has high levels of calcium to buffer the water and [more] quantities of the elements that are used up by marine life .

Along may come a sudden additional stress , the last straw on the camel 's back , as it were , which could be a disappointment in job prospects or even redundancy , bereavement , a fight with a colleague , or something nasty in last night 's curry , and the balance breaks down and illness supervenes .
along may come a sudden [more] stress , the last straw on the camel 's back , as it were , which could be a disappointment in job prospects or even redundancy , bereavement , a fight with a colleague , or something nasty in last night 's curry , and the balance breaks down and illness supervenes .

Doctors using homoeopathy have the same training and basic qualifications as their conventional colleagues , and study homoeopathy as an additional postgraduate subject .
doctors using homoeopathy have the same training and basic qualifications as their conventional colleagues , and study homoeopathy as an [more] postgraduate subject .

Just consider the additional impact that might have come from more popular scheduled kick-off times ( floodlit games all round ? )
just consider the [more] impact that might have come from more popular scheduled kick-off times ( floodlit games all round ? )

They were the organization , or company man ; the conformist who goes along with his superiors and finds balm for his conscience in additional comforts and security of his place in the corporate set-up .
they were the organization , or company man ; the conformist who goes along with his superiors and finds balm for his conscience in [more] comforts and security of his place in the corporate set-up .

To grant these rights and judicial privileges to corporations ( and other organizations ) is simply to give them additional resources for a judicial battle in which many , particularly the transnationals , are already more than a fair match for national state regulatory agencies .
to grant these rights and judicial privileges to corporations ( and other organizations ) is simply to give them [more] resources for a judicial battle in which many , particularly the transnationals , are already more than a fair match for national state regulatory agencies .

The view that private sector employment is a waste of valuable career time is less widely held , now that the private sector is beginning to take its share of providing additional training and in-service education facilities for its own employees .
the view that private sector employment is a waste of valuable career time is less widely held , now that the private sector is beginning to take its share of providing [more] training and in-service education facilities for its own employees .

Watson stresses the importance of the individual 's personality as a factor influencing the meaning and value of work on a personal level , but adds that additional factors such as age , upbringing , sex , education , nature of employing organisation and social class matter too .
watson stresses the importance of the individual 's personality as a factor influencing the meaning and value of work on a personal level , but adds that [more] factors such as age , upbringing , sex , education , nature of employing organisation and social class matter too .

Although the government had set aside over £800 million to cover regrading and the funding of the 1988 pay award , additional pressures were being put on DHAs to find the money for any shortfall in their budgets from their service budgets .
although the government had set aside over £800 million to cover regrading and the funding of the 1988 pay award , [more] pressures were being put on dhas to find the money for any shortfall in their budgets from their service budgets .

When you are working out general costs of working vis à vis earning do remember to take into account the costs of studying for any additional qualifications .
when you are working out general costs of working vis à vis earning do remember to take into account the costs of studying for any [more] qualifications .

Hospitals in inner city areas are sometimes protected by security staff who have an additional responsibility for the safety of residents in staff accommodation .
hospitals in inner city areas are sometimes protected by security staff who have an [more] responsibility for the safety of residents in staff accommodation .

Those entered as registered midwives may be first level trained nurses who have gone on to take additional postbasic training as a midwife , or may be direct entrants to midwifery , in which case their qualification is at first level .
those entered as registered midwives may be first level trained nurses who have gone on to take [more] postbasic training as a midwife , or may be direct entrants to midwifery , in which case their qualification is at first level .

The grading should reflect the actual responsibilities of the job , and any additional qualifications and experience you bring to the job : follow the advice given on contracts and job descriptions generally and be careful to establish what the parameters of the contract are before you agree to it .
the grading should reflect the actual responsibilities of the job , and any [more] qualifications and experience you bring to the job : follow the advice given on contracts and job descriptions generally and be careful to establish what the parameters of the contract are before you agree to it .

When you first apply to join the bank , make clear to your employer just how much responsibility you feel able to take , and discuss ways of improving your clinical and management skills to take on additional responsibilities .
when you first apply to join the bank , make clear to your employer just how much responsibility you feel able to take , and discuss ways of improving your clinical and management skills to take on [more] responsibilities .

Additional members are appointed to the National Boards by the Secretary of State .
[more] members are appointed to the national boards by the secretary of state .

( Such specialists will have a greater degree of experience , and have completed additional education and training ; their qualifications may be disease linked , i.e .
( such specialists will have a greater degree of experience , and have completed [more] education and training ; their qualifications may be disease linked , i.e .

It is envisaged that the role of the clinical teacher as such will be subsumed into a wider role of teacher practitioner , who may have additional specialist knowledge and who is likely to be ward or unit based .
it is envisaged that the role of the clinical teacher as such will be subsumed into a wider role of teacher practitioner , who may have [more] specialist knowledge and who is likely to be ward or unit based .

You will gradually learn to decode the complex mess-ages which differentiate between acceptable , manageable , positive stressors which can be successfully modified , and those which require additional outside help to be contained .
you will gradually learn to decode the complex mess-ages which differentiate between acceptable , manageable , positive stressors which can be successfully modified , and those which require [more] outside help to be contained .

There is , as yet , no system in operation which allows your competence to be assessed to a national standard , and it will be left to the discretion of your service manager , and course tutors if you have undertaken a back to nursing course , to decide whether you are ready to return , or what additional guidance or preparation you may need to bring you up to the required standard .
there is , as yet , no system in operation which allows your competence to be assessed to a national standard , and it will be left to the discretion of your service manager , and course tutors if you have undertaken a back to nursing course , to decide whether you are ready to return , or what [more] guidance or preparation you may need to bring you up to the required standard .

Peter Atkinson from Bath City Council said ‘ It is hoped that there will be additional improvements in the future such as a sculpture and interpretative trail . ’
peter atkinson from bath city council said ‘ it is hoped that there will be [more] improvements in the future such as a sculpture and interpretative trail . ’

Accessory straps : Often used to attach additional slide pockets to give extra space , or to attach bulky items which are too big to fit into the sack .
accessory straps : often used to attach [more] slide pockets to give extra space , or to attach bulky items which are too big to fit into the sack .

The additional information gained from higher level knowledge must be combined in some meaningful way in order to contribute best to the recognition system .
the [more] information gained from higher level knowledge must be combined in some meaningful way in order to contribute best to the recognition system .

Additional knowledge about how words may combine to form sentences , and about how sentences are put together to produce text will also be necessary to resolve remaining ambiguity at the lexical level .
[more] knowledge about how words may combine to form sentences , and about how sentences are put together to produce text will also be necessary to resolve remaining ambiguity at the lexical level .

The only way for correct recognition to be achieved in such situations is by the use of additional contextual information .
the only way for correct recognition to be achieved in such situations is by the use of [more] contextual information .

It was argued earlier that only the use of higher level knowledge will enable any additional success .
it was argued earlier that only the use of higher level knowledge will enable any [more] success .

Additional information may be required to provide such solutions , and data structures for the effective storage and retrieval of this information are investigated .
[more] information may be required to provide such solutions , and data structures for the effective storage and retrieval of this information are investigated .

This is because the structure is more complex , and additional searches would need to be made to check whether paths already exist .
this is because the structure is more complex , and [more] searches would need to be made to check whether paths already exist .

Constructing new nodes in the dawg produces additional head and tail strings , so these are added to the lists .
constructing new nodes in the dawg produces [more] head and tail strings , so these are added to the lists .

Unfortunately , using the dawg means that any additional information about words ( e.g .
unfortunately , using the dawg means that any [more] information about words ( e.g .

This may require some kind of additional structure ( at least temporarily ) whilst the system is on-line , until the trie can be re-built with the new words at a later stage .
this may require some kind of [more] structure ( at least temporarily ) whilst the system is on-line , until the trie can be re-built with the new words at a later stage .

This included details of the information needed by each level of analysis , and the additional information produced by that level .
this included details of the information needed by each level of analysis , and the [more] information produced by that level .

The current chapter will discuss ways in which all levels of analysis can suggest alternative or additional candidate letters , words ( or perhaps phrases ) in order to supplement information from the pattern level .
the current chapter will discuss ways in which all levels of analysis can suggest alternative or [more] candidate letters , words ( or perhaps phrases ) in order to supplement information from the pattern level .

finding additional information which can aid both of the above ;
finding [more] information which can aid both of the above ;

For a string of length m characters , there will be an additional 4m searches of the lexicon .
for a string of length m characters , there will be an [more] 4m searches of the lexicon .

Additional information can often be used to increase correction accuracy and speed , for example by studying the sources of errors .
[more] information can often be used to increase correction accuracy and speed , for example by studying the sources of errors .

It may also be possible to use higher level knowledge to contribute additional information rather than merely selecting from existing candidates .
it may also be possible to use higher level knowledge to contribute [more] information rather than merely selecting from existing candidates .

However it is possible to find a method which allows the additional information to be removed from the tree ( as previously mentioned in section 4.5.1.2 ) .
however it is possible to find a method which allows the [more] information to be removed from the tree ( as previously mentioned in section 4.5.1.2 ) .

However it does mean that the additional information can be removed from the look-up tree , which in turn means that a compression method can now be applied to the tree , such as utilising a directed acyclic word graph ( section 3.2.5 and section 3.3.3 ) .
however it does mean that the [more] information can be removed from the look-up tree , which in turn means that a compression method can now be applied to the tree , such as utilising a directed acyclic word graph ( section 3.2.5 and section 3.3.3 ) .

Of the four features of additional information , it is the grammar code that is most often incorrect .
of the four features of [more] information , it is the grammar code that is most often incorrect .

The dawg structure ( section 3.2.5 and section 3.3.3 ) is optimal for memory requirements ( section 3.3.5 ) , but does not allow additional information about words to be stored .
the dawg structure ( section 3.2.5 and section 3.3.3 ) is optimal for memory requirements ( section 3.3.5 ) , but does not allow [more] information about words to be stored .

Recognition can be improved by using additional linguistic information .
recognition can be improved by using [more] linguistic information .

Alternative sources of information were investigated , with the aim of discovering additional information which could aid error detection , correction and even recognition .
alternative sources of information were investigated , with the aim of discovering [more] information which could aid error detection , correction and even recognition .

This includes a large hash table structure to store all additional information about the words in the lexicon .
this includes a large hash table structure to store all [more] information about the words in the lexicon .

It may be appropriate to have a basic core vocabulary in use all the time , with additional lexicons available depending on the particular domain of application .
it may be appropriate to have a basic core vocabulary in use all the time , with [more] lexicons available depending on the particular domain of application .

The layout of documents can provide additional information which also places constraints on the recognition process .
the layout of documents can provide [more] information which also places constraints on the recognition process .

This system could be useful in a number of situations ( as discussed above ) , and the lexical look-up and use of additional linguistic information is not restricted to on-line handwriting recognition .
this system could be useful in a number of situations ( as discussed above ) , and the lexical look-up and use of [more] linguistic information is not restricted to on-line handwriting recognition .

He was banned from driving for 10 years and was also jailed for an additional six months for driving while disqualified .
he was banned from driving for 10 years and was also jailed for an [more] six months for driving while disqualified .

By the end of April next year it is hoped the project will have created between six and eight additional walks , in locations which have yet to be decided .
by the end of april next year it is hoped the project will have created between six and eight [more] walks , in locations which have yet to be decided .

Prices start from £354 return for the car and driver on the Dieppe to Frejus route with £82 for additional adults and £38 for children .
prices start from £354 return for the car and driver on the dieppe to frejus route with £82 for [more] adults and £38 for children .

Some companies therefore give employees in the latter situation an additional incentive payment to encourage them to move .
some companies therefore give employees in the latter situation an [more] incentive payment to encourage them to move .

North London-based staff who were not in a category entitled to home relocation allowances , or who had an additional mileage of less than 15 miles were entitled to receive additional commuting costs .
north london-based staff who were not in a category entitled to home relocation allowances , or who had an [more] mileage of less than 15 miles were entitled to receive [more] commuting costs .

Some major organisations give staff additional compensation for moving .
some major organisations give staff [more] compensation for moving .

Additional grants
[more] grants

Brown & Root gives an additional housing assistance grant and Cornhill Insurance gives an extra transfer allowance .
brown & root gives an [more] housing assistance grant and cornhill insurance gives an extra transfer allowance .

Additional payments
[more] payments

Whatever terminology is used , the Inland Revenue does not allow tax-free treatment twice over : the disturbance allowance and any additional grants or allowances are taxable above a certain maximum payment .
whatever terminology is used , the inland revenue does not allow tax-free treatment twice over : the disturbance allowance and any [more] grants or allowances are taxable above a certain maximum payment .

Under one company scheme — which works on the basis that the employee moves into an area of higher cost housing but into a similar property — the company pays half the additional mortgage cost for the first two years from the date of the move .
under one company scheme — which works on the basis that the employee moves into an area of higher cost housing but into a similar property — the company pays half the [more] mortgage cost for the first two years from the date of the move .

After this time , no additional payment will be made .
after this time , no [more] payment will be made .

Besides this , employees receive an additional taxable transfer allowance of £526 paid in three instalments over 16 months .
besides this , employees receive an [more] taxable transfer allowance of £526 paid in three instalments over 16 months .

the legal costs of sale and purchase of property including solicitor 's fees and stamp duty , £3,750 ; estate agent 's commission , £750 ; bridging finance ( one month at 13% ) , £758 ; cost associated with mortgages , in particular the additional cost of a bigger mortgage to cover the greater cost of housing ( company loan over 3 years ) , £1,500 ; cost of removal and , if necessary , storage , including insurance , £500 ; hotel and travel expenses including visits by wife to area to see houses , ( 15 weeks away from home plus two visits by wife ) , £2,420 ; cost of alterations to carpets and curtains , re-installing appliances , connecting telephone etc , alterations to property , redecoration and refurbishment , school uniforms and other educational expenses , maintenance , etc. of vacant , unsold property and miscellaneous incidental costs including vet 's fees , kennels , etc. , £2,000 .
the legal costs of sale and purchase of property including solicitor 's fees and stamp duty , £3,750 ; estate agent 's commission , £750 ; bridging finance ( one month at 13% ) , £758 ; cost associated with mortgages , in particular the [more] cost of a bigger mortgage to cover the greater cost of housing ( company loan over 3 years ) , £1,500 ; cost of removal and , if necessary , storage , including insurance , £500 ; hotel and travel expenses including visits by wife to area to see houses , ( 15 weeks away from home plus two visits by wife ) , £2,420 ; cost of alterations to carpets and curtains , re-installing appliances , connecting telephone etc , alterations to property , redecoration and refurbishment , school uniforms and other educational expenses , maintenance , etc. of vacant , unsold property and miscellaneous incidental costs including vet 's fees , kennels , etc. , £2,000 .

All the above allowances apply to existing employees relocating at company request too but existing staff also receive a payment of 10 per cent of salary ( instead of one month 's salary ) together with an additional three-monthly allowance of £150 per month towards accommodation and/or fares ( that is , making a maximum period of six months ) .
all the above allowances apply to existing employees relocating at company request too but existing staff also receive a payment of 10 per cent of salary ( instead of one month 's salary ) together with an [more] three-monthly allowance of £150 per month towards accommodation and/or fares ( that is , making a maximum period of six months ) .

In determining whether the offer of alternative work is suitable , the tribunal takes into account factors such as status , skills required , pay , hours of work and whether it involves additional travelling time and/or expense or perhaps a need to move house .
in determining whether the offer of alternative work is suitable , the tribunal takes into account factors such as status , skills required , pay , hours of work and whether it involves [more] travelling time and/or expense or perhaps a need to move house .

His employers offered him additional wages and a partial refund of the extra travelling expenses .
his employers offered him [more] wages and a partial refund of the extra travelling expenses .

In this way the executive receives reimbursement for any additional costs incurred in working abroad .
in this way the executive receives reimbursement for any [more] costs incurred in working abroad .

However , he may receive some additional benefits which recognise the fact that he is working in a foreign land .
however , he may receive some [more] benefits which recognise the fact that he is working in a foreign land .

They amount to an inducement to encourage employees to accept overseas postings although it can be argued that they do offset the additional costs which may be incurred through unfamiliarity with customs , language and general way of life .
they amount to an inducement to encourage employees to accept overseas postings although it can be argued that they do offset the [more] costs which may be incurred through unfamiliarity with customs , language and general way of life .

Some pay an additional disturbance payment to compensate the expatriate when he has to readjust to life in Britain on his return .
some pay an [more] disturbance payment to compensate the expatriate when he has to readjust to life in britain on his return .

They are paid to compensate for any additional costs incurred in paying for accommodation in the overseas location over and above that which would be incurred at home .
they are paid to compensate for any [more] costs incurred in paying for accommodation in the overseas location over and above that which would be incurred at home .

In this context broad concepts like ‘ rule of law ’ , and entire bodies of law like ‘ international law ’ or ‘ human rights ’ , gain an additional dimension : they form part of the everyday discourse of politics and are points of reference in interest conflicts without directly forming part of the legal system .
in this context broad concepts like ‘ rule of law ’ , and entire bodies of law like ‘ international law ’ or ‘ human rights ’ , gain an [more] dimension : they form part of the everyday discourse of politics and are points of reference in interest conflicts without directly forming part of the legal system .

This particular example highlights two additional shortcomings which afflict our conventional political institutions .
this particular example highlights two [more] shortcomings which afflict our conventional political institutions .

But she may be liable for some tax , if , in addition to the basic retirement pension , she is getting a graduated pension , or an additional pension for working past retirement age .
but she may be liable for some tax , if , in addition to the basic retirement pension , she is getting a graduated pension , or an [more] pension for working past retirement age .

He then served as curate at St Ignatius , Ossett and St Nicholas , Gipton , but by this time he was becoming increasingly involved in additional administrative tasks .
he then served as curate at st ignatius , ossett and st nicholas , gipton , but by this time he was becoming increasingly involved in [more] administrative tasks .

Most nineteenth-century Champagnes continued to be made by methods akin to the old ‘ rural method ’ , but with the additional advantage of dégorgement .
most nineteenth-century champagnes continued to be made by methods akin to the old ‘ rural method ’ , but with the [more] advantage of dégorgement .

With Ronseal system , wood preservative pellets are provided to prevent additional decay .
with ronseal system , wood preservative pellets are provided to prevent [more] decay .

The Science Department situated on the 2nd Floor of a three storey block was supplemented with two additional laboratories , including project and practical areas , by undertaking alterations to the 1st floor accommodation .
the science department situated on the 2nd floor of a three storey block was supplemented with two [more] laboratories , including project and practical areas , by undertaking alterations to the 1st floor accommodation .

In addition to internal alterations , general repairs and redecoration of all buildings externally were carried out as part of the Contract , together with associated site works and provision of additional car parking .
in addition to internal alterations , general repairs and redecoration of all buildings externally were carried out as part of the contract , together with associated site works and provision of [more] car parking .

They spent an additional £45,000 on renovating it — although the beacon needs more work to restore it to its former glory .
they spent an [more] £45,000 on renovating it — although the beacon needs more work to restore it to its former glory .

The consumption of parents ' time in this role as ‘ transport guardians ’ is , as Hillman and Whalley have pointed out , an additional major societal consequence .
the consumption of parents ' time in this role as ‘ transport guardians ’ is , as hillman and whalley have pointed out , an [more] major societal consequence .

Where through traffic can be diverted from ‘ environmental areas ’ to distributor roads already so busy that the additional vehicles go unnoticed , this approach can clearly produce net benefits .
where through traffic can be diverted from ‘ environmental areas ’ to distributor roads already so busy that the [more] vehicles go unnoticed , this approach can clearly produce net benefits .

Because a Woonerf will not be created unless its residents want it , they too will expect to be involved in the planning , whilst there are additional complications of assuaging the fears of commercial interests such as shopkeepers .
because a woonerf will not be created unless its residents want it , they too will expect to be involved in the planning , whilst there are [more] complications of assuaging the fears of commercial interests such as shopkeepers .

There was higher ‘ residential quality in the Woonerven , but no additional ‘ traffic/liveability ’ quality .
there was higher ‘ residential quality in the woonerven , but no [more] ‘ traffic/liveability ’ quality .

General advice on making squares was offered with stress on making the limits and form of a square clear , making the traffic conform to decorative town planning and cutting down the space dedicated to vehicles in favour of giving additional tracks or spaces for other purposes , even if these sometimes have to be driven over .
general advice on making squares was offered with stress on making the limits and form of a square clear , making the traffic conform to decorative town planning and cutting down the space dedicated to vehicles in favour of giving [more] tracks or spaces for other purposes , even if these sometimes have to be driven over .

In streets where the carriageway has been offset , the Moabit experiments have used the area gained from the roadway to provide additional space for residents .
in streets where the carriageway has been offset , the moabit experiments have used the area gained from the roadway to provide [more] space for residents .

This book is geared more to those parents who take a major part of the responsibility for the games and are just using the entertainer to bring an additional dimension to the party .
this book is geared more to those parents who take a major part of the responsibility for the games and are just using the entertainer to bring an [more] dimension to the party .

Any additional points can be written on the back .
any [more] points can be written on the back .

For additional effect it is a good idea to have a large pair of sunglasses and a summer type holiday hat .
for [more] effect it is a good idea to have a large pair of sunglasses and a summer type holiday hat .

Very little additional colour can have a dramatically brightening effect : the trick seems to be to reduce the black element to a design of sufficient simplicity to integrate small dabs of colour .
very little [more] colour can have a dramatically brightening effect : the trick seems to be to reduce the black element to a design of sufficient simplicity to integrate small dabs of colour .

While The School Curriculum might have been seen as the government 's definitive statement on the structure of the national curriculum framework , it was superseded in September 1984 by The Organization and Content of the 5–16 Curriculum , although the wording of the latest document conveyed the impression that the final nature and scope of the national framework has not yet been determined . The structure of the curriculum proposed for the primary phase is similar to that set out in earlier documentation but includes the following additional components :
while the school curriculum might have been seen as the government 's definitive statement on the structure of the national curriculum framework , it was superseded in september 1984 by the organization and content of the 5–16 curriculum , although the wording of the latest document conveyed the impression that the final nature and scope of the national framework has not yet been determined . the structure of the curriculum proposed for the primary phase is similar to that set out in earlier documentation but includes the following [more] components :

This maybe , in many instances , because the stress engendered by handicap is additional to many other social stresses such as restrictions on social and family life , poor physical health and marital or economic difficulties .
this maybe , in many instances , because the stress engendered by handicap is [more] to many other social stresses such as restrictions on social and family life , poor physical health and marital or economic difficulties .

Provision of 52-week accommodation but not necessarily the additional focus on care , or a series of different short-term holiday placements , can lead to fragmentation of the children 's lives and inadequate preparation for the adult world .
provision of 52-week accommodation but not necessarily the [more] focus on care , or a series of different short-term holiday placements , can lead to fragmentation of the children 's lives and inadequate preparation for the adult world .

When we deal with social phenomena , however , things are more complicated as they have an additional dimension not found among inanimate objects , namely the meaning of behaviour .
when we deal with social phenomena , however , things are more complicated as they have an [more] dimension not found among inanimate objects , namely the meaning of behaviour .

The fact that the majority of families now only have two children may add additional value and intensity to the sibling relationship .
the fact that the majority of families now only have two children may add [more] value and intensity to the sibling relationship .

If a character rides in a chariot then its points cost including any additional crew is added to the character 's points value .
if a character rides in a chariot then its points cost including any [more] crew is added to the character 's points value .

An additional sword , axe , etc 1
an [more] sword , axe , etc 1

But should such expenditure be counted as a loss any more than additional imports ?
but should such expenditure be counted as a loss any more than [more] imports ?

Additional information was provided by Øster , who examined almost 2000 schoolchildren between the ages of 6 and 17 in whom no medical or surgical interference had taken place .
[more] information was provided by øster , who examined almost 2000 schoolchildren between the ages of 6 and 17 in whom no medical or surgical interference had taken place .

Additional information
[more] information

Additional modifications to the cargo door locking and pressurisation systems are being considered as part of a continued investigation effort .
[more] modifications to the cargo door locking and pressurisation systems are being considered as part of a continued investigation effort .

For additional information , please contact the Institute as follows
for [more] information , please contact the institute as follows

Additional concern for your welfare is taken care of with the option of Saab 's Traction Control System .
[more] concern for your welfare is taken care of with the option of saab 's traction control system .

If you need additional assistance or information , phone direct to Myrtle Beach at 0–800–89–1390 .
if you need [more] assistance or information , phone direct to myrtle beach at 0–800–89–1390 .

The design also allows for an additional deep aluminium box fascia to be fitted , if required , which completely conceals the gutter .
the design also allows for an [more] deep aluminium box fascia to be fitted , if required , which completely conceals the gutter .

Economic to use , Seam-loc just snaps together without the need for separate sealing trims , powered sealing machines or specialised additional components .
economic to use , seam-loc just snaps together without the need for separate sealing trims , powered sealing machines or specialised [more] components .

So we have not let up in our determination to continue to provide additional services .
so we have not let up in our determination to continue to provide [more] services .

What 's more , if you reply within 14 days , you could qualify for an additional £50,000 Early Reply Bonus prize too !
what 's more , if you reply within 14 days , you could qualify for an [more] £50,000 early reply bonus prize too !

What 's more , there 's an additional £50,000 opportunity too .
what 's more , there 's an [more] £50,000 opportunity too .

If you are not a qualifier for the additional £50,000 , do n't worry , this does not affect your eligibility to enter the Ultimate Prize Draw and win the £50,000 first prize or one of over a thousand other prizes .
if you are not a qualifier for the [more] £50,000 , do n't worry , this does not affect your eligibility to enter the ultimate prize draw and win the £50,000 first prize or one of over a thousand other prizes .

In addition , should the three numbers beneath the Early Reply Bonus Seal match the first three numbers of the Early Reply Bonus code , the entrant will also be eligible to win an additional £50,000 , should they reply within 14 days , and win first prize .
in addition , should the three numbers beneath the early reply bonus seal match the first three numbers of the early reply bonus code , the entrant will also be eligible to win an [more] £50,000 , should they reply within 14 days , and win first prize .

Frankly , we are hoping you will be so taken with this first volume that you will want to own additional leather-bound editions from The 100 Greatest Books Ever Written .
frankly , we are hoping you will be so taken with this first volume that you will want to own [more] leather-bound editions from the 100 greatest books ever written .

Additional features include reflective tape safety buckles and its capacity is 24 litres .
[more] features include reflective tape safety buckles and its capacity is 24 litres .

Additional features include : combination lasting for forefoot flexibility and rearfoot control ; variable lacing for a customised fit and a notched achilles heel tab .
[more] features include : combination lasting for forefoot flexibility and rearfoot control ; variable lacing for a customised fit and a notched achilles heel tab .

Built in 1978 , teak deck , furling system ( Reckmann ) , additional entrance in aft cabin , burglar alarm , AP-navigator ; extensively equipped .
built in 1978 , teak deck , furling system ( reckmann ) , [more] entrance in aft cabin , burglar alarm , ap-navigator ; extensively equipped .

Eminence as a criterion introduces the additional feature of relying on social judgement , perhaps diluting in various ways our evaluation of what constitutes ‘ true ’ creativity .
eminence as a criterion introduces the [more] feature of relying on social judgement , perhaps diluting in various ways our evaluation of what constitutes ‘ true ’ creativity .

One reason why these categories have proved of little practical value is that particular individuals may shift from one to another over the course of time , a fact which also illustrates an additional distinction that has to be made in describing schizophrenia .
one reason why these categories have proved of little practical value is that particular individuals may shift from one to another over the course of time , a fact which also illustrates an [more] distinction that has to be made in describing schizophrenia .

Unfortunately , in the case of psychosis it is still unclear precisely what these additional factors are ; unlike , say , cardiovascular disease where it is possible to point to very particular things , such as smoking and diet .
unfortunately , in the case of psychosis it is still unclear precisely what these [more] factors are ; unlike , say , cardiovascular disease where it is possible to point to very particular things , such as smoking and diet .

They will then be in a position to identify the additional resources that are needed for Africa , and to discuss how these should be created .
they will then be in a position to identify the [more] resources that are needed for africa , and to discuss how these should be created .

María Teresa Aguirre , project assistant for Latin America/Caribbean , has assumed additional responsibilities for the Spanish- and Portuguese-speaking countries of Africa .
maría teresa aguirre , project assistant for latin america/caribbean , has assumed [more] responsibilities for the spanish- and portuguese-speaking countries of africa .

In support of these services , additional resources have been provided for collection management , especially the development of digital indexes to reference material .
in support of these services , [more] resources have been provided for collection management , especially the development of digital indexes to reference material .

Additional gravity data indicate that the overall excess mass of the Huntly 7 basic intrusion is small , the intrusion possibly extending to a depth of no more than 2 kilometres .
[more] gravity data indicate that the overall excess mass of the huntly 7 basic intrusion is small , the intrusion possibly extending to a depth of no more than 2 kilometres .

The aeromagnetic database was augmented by the incorporation of a number of digital survey sets , and improvements were made to its structure in order to accommodate different map projections and additional magnetic field parameters : all records now include locations expressed as geographical coordinates as well in a local grid system .
the aeromagnetic database was augmented by the incorporation of a number of digital survey sets , and improvements were made to its structure in order to accommodate different map projections and [more] magnetic field parameters : all records now include locations expressed as geographical coordinates as well in a local grid system .

An additional benefit of such a scheme would be the reduction in application of fertilisers and pesticides .
an [more] benefit of such a scheme would be the reduction in application of fertilisers and pesticides .

Area-specific studies of the relationship between geology and landslip hazard have been carried out in Shaftesbury , Dorset and Selborne , Hampshire , with additional data from other sites in Dorset .
area-specific studies of the relationship between geology and landslip hazard have been carried out in shaftesbury , dorset and selborne , hampshire , with [more] data from other sites in dorset .

Environmental and engineering geology In a project to investigate the engineering properties of poorly understood tropical red soils , fieldwork in Kenya and Indonesia has been largely completed , and additional samples have been obtained from Fiji and Dominica .
environmental and engineering geology in a project to investigate the engineering properties of poorly understood tropical red soils , fieldwork in kenya and indonesia has been largely completed , and [more] samples have been obtained from fiji and dominica .

The resulting datasets are amenable to a wide variety of transformations which , in combination with much improved display facilities , should lead to the recognition of additional and subtle features .
the resulting datasets are amenable to a wide variety of transformations which , in combination with much improved display facilities , should lead to the recognition of [more] and subtle features .

The additional cost for a reserved seat is £4 for adults , seniors and juniors .
the [more] cost for a reserved seat is £4 for adults , seniors and juniors .

Councillors were told that the Home Office would need to be sure that the additional bylaws were needed to cope with a specific problem before they could be approved .
councillors were told that the home office would need to be sure that the [more] bylaws were needed to cope with a specific problem before they could be approved .

The implications go wider and include additional inputs to sheltered housing and the provision of meals .
the implications go wider and include [more] inputs to sheltered housing and the provision of meals .

Ironically his death came within days of the Rebel organisation planning the purchase of an additional training yacht , which will also be based at Walton .
ironically his death came within days of the rebel organisation planning the purchase of an [more] training yacht , which will also be based at walton .

The use of English material to support Continental chronologies creates additional problems .
the use of english material to support continental chronologies creates [more] problems .

An additional approach to the question is the analysis of the settlement pattern , the search for underlying regularities in the choice of location of the farms .
an [more] approach to the question is the analysis of the settlement pattern , the search for underlying regularities in the choice of location of the farms .

Some of the connections which can be observed through the textiles are reflected by other goods ; the braids from Chessell Down have been compared with those from Envermeu and Herpes-en-Charente in France , the latter producing additional Anglo-Saxon objects matched in Kent and the Isle of Wight .
some of the connections which can be observed through the textiles are reflected by other goods ; the braids from chessell down have been compared with those from envermeu and herpes-en-charente in france , the latter producing [more] anglo-saxon objects matched in kent and the isle of wight .

With Club Europe Drive , the price you pay includes all major charges . There are no hidden extras — only additional services , such as a free tank of petrol with compliments from Hertz and —
with club europe drive , the price you pay includes all major charges . there are no hidden extras — only [more] services , such as a free tank of petrol with compliments from hertz and —

What 's more , you may if you reply within 14 days , qualify for an additional £50,000 Early Reply Bonus prize too !
what 's more , you may if you reply within 14 days , qualify for an [more] £50,000 early reply bonus prize too !

What 's more , there 's an additional £50,000 opportunity too .
what 's more , there 's an [more] £50,000 opportunity too .

If you are not a qualifier for the additional £50,000 do n't worry , this does not affect your eligibility to enter the ‘ Ultimate ’ Prize Draw and win the £50,000 first prize or one of over a thousand other prizes .
if you are not a qualifier for the [more] £50,000 do n't worry , this does not affect your eligibility to enter the ‘ ultimate ’ prize draw and win the £50,000 first prize or one of over a thousand other prizes .

We have the additional reference in The Recluse ( see p. 109 ) and a further reading of that poem shows that the Wordsworths approached Grasmere in a mood of mystical elation verging on trance .
we have the [more] reference in the recluse ( see p. 109 ) and a further reading of that poem shows that the wordsworths approached grasmere in a mood of mystical elation verging on trance .

He received additional stimulation from holiday excursions and tours , so that his visit to France ( combined with a reading of Milton ) encouraged him to explore the possibilities of a new form — for him — the sonnet .
he received [more] stimulation from holiday excursions and tours , so that his visit to france ( combined with a reading of milton ) encouraged him to explore the possibilities of a new form — for him — the sonnet .

Apart from the additional pitch channel , a basic helicopter will also have the following minimum features :
apart from the [more] pitch channel , a basic helicopter will also have the following minimum features :

In theory , some lateral trim should also be required when hovering in a wind , or flying forwards , to cancel out the additional lift produced by the forward travelling blade .
in theory , some lateral trim should also be required when hovering in a wind , or flying forwards , to cancel out the [more] lift produced by the forward travelling blade .

Additional equipment includes rockets which actually fire , and working lights .
[more] equipment includes rockets which actually fire , and working lights .

261 Squadron received some welcome reinforcements next day when five Hurricanes flew in from Egypt , led by two 148 Squadron Wellingtons , which carried two additional fighter pilots as passengers .
261 squadron received some welcome reinforcements next day when five hurricanes flew in from egypt , led by two 148 squadron wellingtons , which carried two [more] fighter pilots as passengers .

To accommodate multiple objectives , we will extend the simplex tableau by including an additional objective row for each objective function .
to accommodate multiple objectives , we will extend the simplex tableau by including an [more] objective row for each objective function .

Consequently , these additional rows are subject to the usual pivoting rules and the formulae ( 3.6 ) for generating the objective row from the objective function coefficients and the remaining rows are still valid .
consequently , these [more] rows are subject to the usual pivoting rules and the formulae ( 3.6 ) for generating the objective row from the objective function coefficients and the remaining rows are still valid .

Both cases can be covered by imposing the additional constraint and then turning to the second objective .
both cases can be covered by imposing the [more] constraint and then turning to the second objective .

‘ Depending on the way nurse prescribing is introduced , there is a real danger that time saved may be used up on additional procedures .
‘ depending on the way nurse prescribing is introduced , there is a real danger that time saved may be used up on [more] procedures .

Students enrolled on the programme should consult their student pack for additional information on this week 's work .
students enrolled on the programme should consult their student pack for [more] information on this week 's work .

In a state of health , individuals will be self-caring , but during illness , injury or disease , additional self-care needs may be present and the nurse will need to help meet these demands .
in a state of health , individuals will be self-caring , but during illness , injury or disease , [more] self-care needs may be present and the nurse will need to help meet these demands .

There is accommodation for about seventy guests in the main building , with additional rooms of equally high standard in nearby houses .
there is accommodation for about seventy guests in the main building , with [more] rooms of equally high standard in nearby houses .

True , the Nationalist vote is an additional factor .
true , the nationalist vote is an [more] factor .

The negotiating position taken up by the unions will be an important factor , and Naville recognises that the behaviour of the unions will be influenced by many factors additional to the technology used in some trade union members ' firms .
the negotiating position taken up by the unions will be an important factor , and naville recognises that the behaviour of the unions will be influenced by many factors [more] to the technology used in some trade union members ' firms .

Faced with this failure to raise output through the wage rate , it became advantageous to the manufacturer to set up central spinning and weaving factories in order to reduce the rising cost of merchants travelling ever more extensively in search of additional putting-out workers .
faced with this failure to raise output through the wage rate , it became advantageous to the manufacturer to set up central spinning and weaving factories in order to reduce the rising cost of merchants travelling ever more extensively in search of [more] putting-out workers .

This is an additional reason for management to create an even more elaborate division of labour than might be warranted from mere technical considerations of the tasks to be done .
this is an [more] reason for management to create an even more elaborate division of labour than might be warranted from mere technical considerations of the tasks to be done .

Additional criticisms , some from outside the radical perspective , have been made , but we deal with these in the next chapter where we put forward an alternative conceptual framework within which to consider the issues .
[more] criticisms , some from outside the radical perspective , have been made , but we deal with these in the next chapter where we put forward an alternative conceptual framework within which to consider the issues .

Salvage from sailing ships was an important additional income for the local people , but ceased with the coming of the steamships as they could stand out to sea in a storm .
salvage from sailing ships was an important [more] income for the local people , but ceased with the coming of the steamships as they could stand out to sea in a storm .

We returned to Westminster with 40 additional seats .
we returned to westminster with 40 [more] seats .

All curriculums shall focus on the basics in high school requirements and it shall be inundated with advanced sciences and additional applied math , English and writing skills .
all curriculums shall focus on the basics in high school requirements and it shall be inundated with advanced sciences and [more] applied math , english and writing skills .

Hospitals and Health Care Centres : Federal government shall provide the deprived areas with three new hospitals and 40 additional health care centres .
hospitals and health care centres : federal government shall provide the deprived areas with three new hospitals and 40 [more] health care centres .

The presence of clowns at the windows , leaning over the balconies , walking up and down , hands in pockets , fags in mouths adds an additional surreal touch .
the presence of clowns at the windows , leaning over the balconies , walking up and down , hands in pockets , fags in mouths adds an [more] surreal touch .

These are 6.35mm ( 1/4in ) and 8mm ( 5/16in ) and many of the larger narrow Delta designs have taken advantage of the additional strength offered by such sizes in the 2.5metre lengths .
these are 6.35mm ( 1/4in ) and 8mm ( 5/16in ) and many of the larger narrow delta designs have taken advantage of the [more] strength offered by such sizes in the 2.5metre lengths .

Where additional stand-offs are used , either on the front cross-spar to vary the angle , or on the rear cross-spar to extend the Rogallo cone , the tension is just as important .
where [more] stand-offs are used , either on the front cross-spar to vary the angle , or on the rear cross-spar to extend the rogallo cone , the tension is just as important .

As the line is paid out , and the kite ascends on the wind gradient with improving lift as it gains altitude , so the additional weight and drag of the line compensates , rather like the ballast on the keel of a yacht .
as the line is paid out , and the kite ascends on the wind gradient with improving lift as it gains altitude , so the [more] weight and drag of the line compensates , rather like the ballast on the keel of a yacht .

Stomach ache is an additional side effect .
stomach ache is an [more] side effect .

And the Earl of Warwick might well provide him with additional escort .
and the earl of warwick might well provide him with [more] escort .

Condition 4 makes it clear that in usual circumstances the carrier will not provide additional facilities such as mechanical loading and unloading devices ; these facilities are the customer 's responsibility .
condition 4 makes it clear that in usual circumstances the carrier will not provide [more] facilities such as mechanical loading and unloading devices ; these facilities are the customer 's responsibility .

the Trader has agreed in writing to reimburse the Carrier in respect of all additional costs which result from the carrying of the said items and
the trader has agreed in writing to reimburse the carrier in respect of all [more] costs which result from the carrying of the said items and

For many hauliers the idea of obtaining additional capital by way of a franchise payment is very appealing .
for many hauliers the idea of obtaining [more] capital by way of a franchise payment is very appealing .

Additional information
[more] information

Internal ‘ drivers ’ are additional pressures that we put on ourselves at work and at home .
internal ‘ drivers ’ are [more] pressures that we put on ourselves at work and at home .

Include an intensive conditioner in your routine and treat your hair to an additional boost every week or so .
include an intensive conditioner in your routine and treat your hair to an [more] boost every week or so .

Some of the guilds were quite large , especially in the greater towns and cities , and wealthy enough to have not only their own chantry priest but also their own altars within the church , and there were even instances when funds allowed for the building of an additional aisle as a guild chapel .
some of the guilds were quite large , especially in the greater towns and cities , and wealthy enough to have not only their own chantry priest but also their own altars within the church , and there were even instances when funds allowed for the building of an [more] aisle as a guild chapel .

There was no alternative for the guilds than for them to go out to trade for assistance , passing on their additional expenditure to the client .
there was no alternative for the guilds than for them to go out to trade for assistance , passing on their [more] expenditure to the client .

The year 1660 saw a major revolution in grave-clothes , indirectly leading to the firm establishment of undertaking as a distinct trade , the birth of a new industry and some additional work for the jobbing printer ; for in this year an Act came into force , which decreed that all persons had to be buried in shifts , shrouds and winding-sheets made of woollen material , rather than linen , and free from ‘ Flax , Hemp , Silk , Hair , Gold or Silver , or other than what is made of Sheeps Wooll only ’ .
the year 1660 saw a major revolution in grave-clothes , indirectly leading to the firm establishment of undertaking as a distinct trade , the birth of a new industry and some [more] work for the jobbing printer ; for in this year an act came into force , which decreed that all persons had to be buried in shifts , shrouds and winding-sheets made of woollen material , rather than linen , and free from ‘ flax , hemp , silk , hair , gold or silver , or other than what is made of sheeps wooll only ’ .

The vestry of the City church of St Peter-le-Poore , Broad Street , also had this in mind and , as a result , officials were charging an additional £50 in 1838 for iron coffins deposited in their vaults over and above the standard fee of £1 15s .
the vestry of the city church of st peter-le-poore , broad street , also had this in mind and , as a result , officials were charging an [more] £50 in 1838 for iron coffins deposited in their vaults over and above the standard fee of £1 15s .

Much additional information can , however , be learnt from sepulchral sculpture , prints and drawings , paintings and memento mori jewellery .
much [more] information can , however , be learnt from sepulchral sculpture , prints and drawings , paintings and memento mori jewellery .

The single-case double lid was a more expensive version of the single-case type , though what service the additional lid rendered appears to be a mystery .
the single-case double lid was a more expensive version of the single-case type , though what service the [more] lid rendered appears to be a mystery .

It could have been provided as an additional barrier to odour , but this could only have been achieved by the use of waxed paper — as seen in the Lethieullier vault at Little Ilford , Essex — between the top of the sides of the coffin and the lid .
it could have been provided as an [more] barrier to odour , but this could only have been achieved by the use of waxed paper — as seen in the lethieullier vault at little ilford , essex — between the top of the sides of the coffin and the lid .

The latter has the additional positive property of speeding up your digestive juices . ]
the latter has the [more] positive property of speeding up your digestive juices . ]

( Accompany with 50g/2oz each uncooked weight of wholewheat pasta , an additional 200 calories . )
( accompany with 50g/2oz each uncooked weight of wholewheat pasta , an [more] 200 calories . )

Cook for 30–40 minutes ; serve immediately with the sauce and additional lime wedges .
cook for 30–40 minutes ; serve immediately with the sauce and [more] lime wedges .

Lily , my mother , was not allowed to receive this additional education and from her early teens had to work as a very junior housemaid , at the beck and call of older staff .
lily , my mother , was not allowed to receive this [more] education and from her early teens had to work as a very junior housemaid , at the beck and call of older staff .

Undoubtedly this is so , but God can nourish the soul in additional ways .
undoubtedly this is so , but god can nourish the soul in [more] ways .

Equipment could be located at any of the existing restaurants without serious dislocation or additional expense .
equipment could be located at any of the existing restaurants without serious dislocation or [more] expense .

Additional labour costs in respect of the central production unit are estimated at £12,000 per annum .
[more] labour costs in respect of the central production unit are estimated at £12,000 per annum .

Con Tours have requested an additional booking equivalent to one coach load of 46 sleepers for a two-night stay in each week in May-August .
con tours have requested an [more] booking equivalent to one coach load of 46 sleepers for a two-night stay in each week in may-august .

Availability of hotel accommodation 231 points Additional factors mentioned ( in order of significance ) included ( i ) cleanliness , ( ii ) separate conference rooms , ( iii ) accommodation for delegates in the same building , ( iv ) good parking facilities , ( v ) smart , impressive hotel/centre , ( vi ) booking fee discounts for large numbers , ( vii ) late opening bars , ( viii ) all single rooms .
availability of hotel accommodation 231 points [more] factors mentioned ( in order of significance ) included ( i ) cleanliness , ( ii ) separate conference rooms , ( iii ) accommodation for delegates in the same building , ( iv ) good parking facilities , ( v ) smart , impressive hotel/centre , ( vi ) booking fee discounts for large numbers , ( vii ) late opening bars , ( viii ) all single rooms .

It need hardly be pointed out that the provision of additional health/leisure facilities would also justify an increase in room rates .
it need hardly be pointed out that the provision of [more] health/leisure facilities would also justify an increase in room rates .

Additional profits from increased sales of food/drink to :
[more] profits from increased sales of food/drink to :

Create additional revenue from membership fees
create [more] revenue from membership fees

Create additional food and beverage sales .
create [more] food and beverage sales .

There are additional advantages in setting up a timeshare development in conjunction with an existing hotel .
there are [more] advantages in setting up a timeshare development in conjunction with an existing hotel .

In the long term , some of the earlier buyers will want to sell their timeshares , and the management company may undertake to do this for them on an agency basis , thus earning additional commission .
in the long term , some of the earlier buyers will want to sell their timeshares , and the management company may undertake to do this for them on an agency basis , thus earning [more] commission .

Managers are required to put down a small security deposit , but all equipment is provided by the company , which also pays staff wages and overhead expenses , together with a small additional honorarium ( currently 5 per cent of husband 's salary ) to the manager 's wife for looking after the domestic accommodation .
managers are required to put down a small security deposit , but all equipment is provided by the company , which also pays staff wages and overhead expenses , together with a small [more] honorarium ( currently 5 per cent of husband 's salary ) to the manager 's wife for looking after the domestic accommodation .

The company reserves the right to veto or restrict the provision of additional facilities such as juke-boxes , fruit machines , pool tables , etc. , but does not specify from whom these must be hired or demand a proportion of the takings ( this attitude is in contrast to most of the national brewery companies and does something to explain why Palatine are regarded as good employers/landlords by their licensees ) .
the company reserves the right to veto or restrict the provision of [more] facilities such as juke-boxes , fruit machines , pool tables , etc. , but does not specify from whom these must be hired or demand a proportion of the takings ( this attitude is in contrast to most of the national brewery companies and does something to explain why palatine are regarded as good employers/landlords by their licensees ) .

During the year 5 additional premises were added to our estate , and 3 older houses unsuitable for further development were disposed of .
during the year 5 [more] premises were added to our estate , and 3 older houses unsuitable for further development were disposed of .

This raises all kinds of additional problems which we ca n't afford to ignore , even though it forces us to consider a new and higher level set of issues .
this raises all kinds of [more] problems which we ca n't afford to ignore , even though it forces us to consider a new and higher level set of issues .

We would recommend additional measures such as termination of employment interviews in order to establish the real reasons for the increase .
we would recommend [more] measures such as termination of employment interviews in order to establish the real reasons for the increase .

You will have noted the additional appointment of at least one wine waiter : the fact that the total wages bill has n't increased by more than about 2.2 per cent suggests that there have been some compensating reductions , probably in the part-time staff , and almost certainly in view of the decline in trade .
you will have noted the [more] appointment of at least one wine waiter : the fact that the total wages bill has n't increased by more than about 2.2 per cent suggests that there have been some compensating reductions , probably in the part-time staff , and almost certainly in view of the decline in trade .

Then he picked up the phone and called for additional officers .
then he picked up the phone and called for [more] officers .

In the ornate new council chamber , Mayor Murphy was trying to convince the city council that to be a real Edwardian Mayor he ought to wear mayoral robes , as they did in England ; the newly extended hospital was bracing itself for additional accident cases ; and Hank Stych stood in the airport at Calgary waiting for a local plane to take him north to Tollemarche .
in the ornate new council chamber , mayor murphy was trying to convince the city council that to be a real edwardian mayor he ought to wear mayoral robes , as they did in england ; the newly extended hospital was bracing itself for [more] accident cases ; and hank stych stood in the airport at calgary waiting for a local plane to take him north to tollemarche .

It appears Canon increased its position in NeXT slightly with an additional $ 10m- $ 20m investment back in December : it now holds 17.9 % .
it appears canon increased its position in next slightly with an [more] $ 10m- $ 20m investment back in december : it now holds 17.9 % .

All these packages have the three core applications , plus a handful of additional features .
all these packages have the three core applications , plus a handful of [more] features .

It 's difficult to work out the exact specification you 'll need , so check our software reviews , where we recommend the hardware you 'll need to run each package . Here are a few additional pointers :
it 's difficult to work out the exact specification you 'll need , so check our software reviews , where we recommend the hardware you 'll need to run each package . here are a few [more] pointers :

You can also buy additional video clips on topics ranging from sci-fi to nostalgia .
you can also buy [more] video clips on topics ranging from sci-fi to nostalgia .

But the author , assuming in the guise of the Doctor the role of moderator , reminds his interlocutors of the existence of an additional element , a large class of landless peasants who were almost entirely dependent on wages for their livelihood .
but the author , assuming in the guise of the doctor the role of moderator , reminds his interlocutors of the existence of an [more] element , a large class of landless peasants who were almost entirely dependent on wages for their livelihood .

In Leicestershire their probate inventories show them to have been essentially large-scale farmers , generally working 100 acres or more , sometimes occupying two or more farms extending into more than one parish , renting additional pastures , and with few exceptions distinguished from plain husbandmen by superior wealth .
in leicestershire their probate inventories show them to have been essentially large-scale farmers , generally working 100 acres or more , sometimes occupying two or more farms extending into more than one parish , renting [more] pastures , and with few exceptions distinguished from plain husbandmen by superior wealth .

Furthermore , the prominent courtier Sir John Hussey 's sycophantic resolution , moved in the midst of haggling over the subsidy bill , burdened landed estates of £50 with an additional shilling in the pound , making a total of 15 per cent compared with the general 10 .
furthermore , the prominent courtier sir john hussey 's sycophantic resolution , moved in the midst of haggling over the subsidy bill , burdened landed estates of £50 with an [more] shilling in the pound , making a total of 15 per cent compared with the general 10 .

Evidently the unique thoroughness of its muster book was complemented by a more rigorous standard of assessment than in most shires , since in 1522 personal wealth there averaged £97 per thousand acres , compared with as little as £61.7 in 1515 and £64 in 1524 , and , mostly having less than average wealth , the sixty-nine additional men roped in in 1522 can not account for this difference .
evidently the unique thoroughness of its muster book was complemented by a more rigorous standard of assessment than in most shires , since in 1522 personal wealth there averaged £97 per thousand acres , compared with as little as £61.7 in 1515 and £64 in 1524 , and , mostly having less than average wealth , the sixty-nine [more] men roped in in 1522 can not account for this difference .

Irrespective of any causal link , the additional personnel in joint assessments presumably comprised men who elsewhere would have been returned as wage earners or young and poor , but except in Kerrier , where it led to 880 native assessments comprehending as many as 1,179 individuals , it did not add greatly to the numbers of poorer men ; and if it tends to raise the true proportion to a clear quarter in a couple of hundreds , it hardly made any difference in West and Trigg .
irrespective of any causal link , the [more] personnel in joint assessments presumably comprised men who elsewhere would have been returned as wage earners or young and poor , but except in kerrier , where it led to 880 native assessments comprehending as many as 1,179 individuals , it did not add greatly to the numbers of poorer men ; and if it tends to raise the true proportion to a clear quarter in a couple of hundreds , it hardly made any difference in west and trigg .

Guilds were formed to supplement the slender resources of benefices by financing additional services and so forth ; any friendly-society function was likely to be subsidiary , only a minority providing financial assistance for needy members .
guilds were formed to supplement the slender resources of benefices by financing [more] services and so forth ; any friendly-society function was likely to be subsidiary , only a minority providing financial assistance for needy members .

As the majority seem to have been charges on benefices , the two enjoyed by the rector of Marsh Gibbon were additional to his living and presumably from a different source .
as the majority seem to have been charges on benefices , the two enjoyed by the rector of marsh gibbon were [more] to his living and presumably from a different source .

The firm said chairman Seymour Cray would be assuming the two additional posts for now .
the firm said chairman seymour cray would be assuming the two [more] posts for now .

The 80386–80486 translator is the latest to be finished after the original Transputer implementations and Hinsley says that now they have first couple under their belts , it will only take a month or two to write each additional processor implementation .
the 80386–80486 translator is the latest to be finished after the original transputer implementations and hinsley says that now they have first couple under their belts , it will only take a month or two to write each [more] processor implementation .

Sun has also signed up Tivoli Systems , 3Comm and the Strategic Software Group to add additional features to SunNet including system administration , security and configuration management .
sun has also signed up tivoli systems , 3comm and the strategic software group to add [more] features to sunnet including system administration , security and configuration management .

With the designation came additional finance which was used to support a number of initiatives including a series of two term temporary posts for McGregor staff to engage in some pilot planning work .
with the designation came [more] finance which was used to support a number of initiatives including a series of two term temporary posts for mcgregor staff to engage in some pilot planning work .

These posts were worth one additional scale point so that a teacher on a scale two post would occupy a temporary scale three post for two terms .
these posts were worth one [more] scale point so that a teacher on a scale two post would occupy a temporary scale three post for two terms .

Throughout the academic year she campaigned for such an appointment to be made until the local authority provided additional money for this post to be advertised .
throughout the academic year she campaigned for such an appointment to be made until the local authority provided [more] money for this post to be advertised .

The Mayor of Bedford for the time being was always to be an additional director and at the time of the meeting the Mayor was John Wing , who had been sworn in on 29th September 1793 , and served for one year , after which he remained as one of the aldermen .
the mayor of bedford for the time being was always to be an [more] director and at the time of the meeting the mayor was john wing , who had been sworn in on 29th september 1793 , and served for one year , after which he remained as one of the aldermen .

Dr. Prior noted that the number of cases , both medical and surgical , requiring special appliances was increasing and on his recommendation the Board agreed to the purchase of a water-bed ( or a water-mattress ) and two additional spring beds .
dr. prior noted that the number of cases , both medical and surgical , requiring special appliances was increasing and on his recommendation the board agreed to the purchase of a water-bed ( or a water-mattress ) and two [more] spring beds .

The Board was favourably impressed and recommended that because of increased wartime costs , an additional allowance of £120 should be paid to the contractors — by the local government board .
the board was favourably impressed and recommended that because of increased wartime costs , an [more] allowance of £120 should be paid to the contractors — by the local government board .

The medical officer of an institution was , subject to the direction of the management committee , to visit and attend the inmates regularly , and to carry out all the duties of his predecessor with additional duties laid down by the Act .
the medical officer of an institution was , subject to the direction of the management committee , to visit and attend the inmates regularly , and to carry out all the duties of his predecessor with [more] duties laid down by the act .

Two wings were added to the infirmary in 1939 , with a new maternity department and an additional wing to the nurses ' home .
two wings were added to the infirmary in 1939 , with a new maternity department and an [more] wing to the nurses ' home .

The parents of such a pupil would pay a substantial fee to his instructor , who would benefit not only from the additional income but also from assistance with his patients .
the parents of such a pupil would pay a substantial fee to his instructor , who would benefit not only from the [more] income but also from assistance with his patients .

He proposed to create an additional fund to increase the endowment and started it off himself with a donation of £1,000 .
he proposed to create an [more] fund to increase the endowment and started it off himself with a donation of £1,000 .

The early assessment of under-fives , home visiting , Portage schemes and nursery provision should be a priority time for the assessment process and additional support for the care of very young children with special needs attending nursery classes . ( p 7 )
the early assessment of under-fives , home visiting , portage schemes and nursery provision should be a priority time for the assessment process and [more] support for the care of very young children with special needs attending nursery classes . ( p 7 )

Readers of this paper will need no reminding of the way in which the important recommendations of the Warnock committee were encapsulated in the 1981 Act but accompanied by a clear negative statement : ‘ There will be no additional funds ’ .
readers of this paper will need no reminding of the way in which the important recommendations of the warnock committee were encapsulated in the 1981 act but accompanied by a clear negative statement : ‘ there will be no [more] funds ’ .

Children with considerable learning problems were removed from mainstream classes for a few months and taught by a specially appointed additional teacher .
children with considerable learning problems were removed from mainstream classes for a few months and taught by a specially appointed [more] teacher .

The Authority , in the longer term , should investigate the extent to which additional resources are needed for supervised ‘ extended study ’ by pupils and meet these vital needs
the authority , in the longer term , should investigate the extent to which [more] resources are needed for supervised ‘ extended study ’ by pupils and meet these vital needs

In the context of a head 's report dealing with special needs the decision required could relate to anything from the building of a new unit to the provision of additional welfare or teaching assistance for an individual pupil .
in the context of a head 's report dealing with special needs the decision required could relate to anything from the building of a new unit to the provision of [more] welfare or teaching assistance for an individual pupil .

As a potential contributor of additional local knowledge in any relevant aspect of curriculum development .
as a potential contributor of [more] local knowledge in any relevant aspect of curriculum development .

If a character rides in a chariot then its points value including any additional crew is also included in the character points value .
if a character rides in a chariot then its points value including any [more] crew is also included in the character points value .

Normal additional spending ( including holidays and other luxuries ) .
normal [more] spending ( including holidays and other luxuries ) .

Anticipating the areas of additional expenditure is not to be pessimistic .
anticipating the areas of [more] expenditure is not to be pessimistic .

For this reason , the divide between ‘ unavoidable ’ and ‘ normal additional spending ’ ( see section following ) is fraught with obvious difficulty .
for this reason , the divide between ‘ unavoidable ’ and ‘ normal [more] spending ’ ( see section following ) is fraught with obvious difficulty .

Normal additional expenditure
normal [more] expenditure

When assessing your budget plans , it is as well to err on the cautious side as regards the additional income you will be likely to earn as — although this has been improving — many so called ‘ retirement jobs ’ are notoriously badly paid .
when assessing your budget plans , it is as well to err on the cautious side as regards the [more] income you will be likely to earn as — although this has been improving — many so called ‘ retirement jobs ’ are notoriously badly paid .

Your total pension can come from three main sources : the basic pension , the additional pension and the graduated pension .
your total pension can come from three main sources : the basic pension , the [more] pension and the graduated pension .

You can also get a forecast of the additional earnings-related pension to which you are entitled .
you can also get a forecast of the [more] earnings-related pension to which you are entitled .

It is worth getting an early estimate of what your pension will be , as it may be possible to improve your national insurance contribution record by making additional Class 3 voluntary contributions .
it is worth getting an early estimate of what your pension will be , as it may be possible to improve your national insurance contribution record by making [more] class 3 voluntary contributions .

Additional pension
[more] pension

How much additional pension you get depends on the amount of your earnings over and above the lower earnings limit for each complete tax year since April 1978 .
how much [more] pension you get depends on the amount of your earnings over and above the lower earnings limit for each complete tax year since april 1978 .

The earnings for each tax year are then increased in line with the rise in national average earnings and added together to produce the total earnings figure on which your additional pension depends .
the earnings for each tax year are then increased in line with the rise in national average earnings and added together to produce the total earnings figure on which your [more] pension depends .

Since the scheme only started in 1978 , the current maximum amount of additional pension to which you would be entitled is £66.97 a week .
since the scheme only started in 1978 , the current maximum amount of [more] pension to which you would be entitled is £66.97 a week .

Although there are plans to scale down the additional pension , this will not affect anyone retiring before 1998 and will only marginally affect those retiring by 2009 .
although there are plans to scale down the [more] pension , this will not affect anyone retiring before 1998 and will only marginally affect those retiring by 2009 .

If you are a member of a contracted-out occupational pension scheme , you are legally entitled to a guaranteed minimum pension which must be broadly the same as you would have got under the State scheme ( i.e. the additional pension ) .
if you are a member of a contracted-out occupational pension scheme , you are legally entitled to a guaranteed minimum pension which must be broadly the same as you would have got under the state scheme ( i.e. the [more] pension ) .

Additional or other schemes .
[more] or other schemes .

Two additional changes ( also only relevant to joining a new scheme ) were brought in at the same time .
two [more] changes ( also only relevant to joining a new scheme ) were brought in at the same time .

Employers can still set up ‘ top-up ’ pension schemes to provide additional benefits above the new ceiling but such schemes are now taxable .
employers can still set up ‘ top-up ’ pension schemes to provide [more] benefits above the new ceiling but such schemes are now taxable .

Additional voluntary contributions ( AVCs )
[more] voluntary contributions ( avcs )

If , as you approach retirement , you become aware that you are not going to have a big enough pension to live as comfortably as you would like , you might seriously consider the possibility of making additional voluntary contributions .
if , as you approach retirement , you become aware that you are not going to have a big enough pension to live as comfortably as you would like , you might seriously consider the possibility of making [more] voluntary contributions .

If you choose to stay in the scheme , you may also share in its benefits — such as any additional increases that may be given .
if you choose to stay in the scheme , you may also share in its benefits — such as any [more] increases that may be given .

You will probably think of plenty of additional points of your own .
you will probably think of plenty of [more] points of your own .

If you continue working , say for an additional five years , your pension will then be 45 per cent higher than if you had started taking it at the normal age .
if you continue working , say for an [more] five years , your pension will then be 45 per cent higher than if you had started taking it at the normal age .

If a wife who formerly worked is over 60 and retired but can not yet get a basic pension on either her own or her husband 's contributions , she may be able to qualify for an additional or graduated pension based on her own contributions .
if a wife who formerly worked is over 60 and retired but can not yet get a basic pension on either her own or her husband 's contributions , she may be able to qualify for an [more] or graduated pension based on her own contributions .

Additional pension
[more] pension

Graduated or additional pensions are of no help to a divorced partner of either sex , as these are earnings related and , therefore , only benefit the individual who has earned and paid for them .
graduated or [more] pensions are of no help to a divorced partner of either sex , as these are earnings related and , therefore , only benefit the individual who has earned and paid for them .

Therefore , when calculating how much tax you will have to pay in any one year , you should first deduct from your total income the amount represented by your personal allowance ( plus any additional or other tax allowance to which you may be entitled , see sections following ) .
therefore , when calculating how much tax you will have to pay in any one year , you should first deduct from your total income the amount represented by your personal allowance ( plus any [more] or other tax allowance to which you may be entitled , see sections following ) .

Additional personal allowance ( single parent 's allowance ) .
[more] personal allowance ( single parent 's allowance ) .

If you pay tax at the higher rate , you will have to pay some additional tax and should allow for this in your budgeting , as its deduction is not automatic .
if you pay tax at the higher rate , you will have to pay some [more] tax and should allow for this in your budgeting , as its deduction is not automatic .

An additional variable is needed to account for the variation between the firms in the extent to which clients ' chosen outcomes were retained or transformed .
an [more] variable is needed to account for the variation between the firms in the extent to which clients ' chosen outcomes were retained or transformed .

In the case of hard tissue , like teeth and bones , the identification of homology is relatively straightforward because it is possible to compare present forms with the common ancestor and this can be used as an additional criterion for homology .
in the case of hard tissue , like teeth and bones , the identification of homology is relatively straightforward because it is possible to compare present forms with the common ancestor and this can be used as an [more] criterion for homology .

The problem with this approach is that it does n't allow for the possibility that there are additional cellular mechanisms of plasticity in mammals , that have evolved to underpin our greater learning abilities .
the problem with this approach is that it does n't allow for the possibility that there are [more] cellular mechanisms of plasticity in mammals , that have evolved to underpin our greater learning abilities .

Recording from single units provides this additional information .
recording from single units provides this [more] information .

When recording single cell activity there is an additional question : how do you know that the changes detected by an experimenter are detectable by other parts of the brain ?
when recording single cell activity there is an [more] question : how do you know that the changes detected by an experimenter are detectable by other parts of the brain ?

We need additional , converging , evidence to show that the subcortical visual system contributes to normal vision .
we need [more] , converging , evidence to show that the subcortical visual system contributes to normal vision .

In cats , ablation of area 17 alone does not abolish form vision but additional removal of adjacent parts of the visual cortex does .
in cats , ablation of area 17 alone does not abolish form vision but [more] removal of adjacent parts of the visual cortex does .

French was widely used over North Africa , the Middle East and southeast Asia , and had the additional advantage of being the language of diplomacy .
french was widely used over north africa , the middle east and southeast asia , and had the [more] advantage of being the language of diplomacy .

It could provide additional security against France and underwrite the Dreikaiserbund ( the latest form of the Holy Alliance ) .
it could provide [more] security against france and underwrite the dreikaiserbund ( the latest form of the holy alliance ) .

( There are at least an additional nine which are military-related . )
( there are at least an [more] nine which are military-related . )

Problems to be tackled by additional restructuring and ‘ administrative ’ reforms ( some on the East German or Czechoslovak pattern ) , greater levels of investment in yet more priority areas , exhortation and other ad hoc remedies ; a blind eye to the ‘ second economy ’ rather than a policy for it ; consensual pattern of decision-making maintained and élite interests nurtured .
problems to be tackled by [more] restructuring and ‘ administrative ’ reforms ( some on the east german or czechoslovak pattern ) , greater levels of investment in yet more priority areas , exhortation and other ad hoc remedies ; a blind eye to the ‘ second economy ’ rather than a policy for it ; consensual pattern of decision-making maintained and élite interests nurtured .

It is hoped that they will keep the client in power , but today , as in Stalin 's day , additional measures are thought necessary to guarantee that the client remains reliable himself .
it is hoped that they will keep the client in power , but today , as in stalin 's day , [more] measures are thought necessary to guarantee that the client remains reliable himself .

The more obvious of the two was the four-fold increase in the world market price of crude oil in 1974–75 and the additional three-fold increase between 1979–1981 .
the more obvious of the two was the four-fold increase in the world market price of crude oil in 1974–75 and the [more] three-fold increase between 1979–1981 .

Although it is smaller , Phaistos has an additional court , the Peristyle Court , to the north of the Central Court : there seems to have been no comparable courtyard at Knossos .
although it is smaller , phaistos has an [more] court , the peristyle court , to the north of the central court : there seems to have been no comparable courtyard at knossos .

The ritual imagery of the Ring of Minos is nevertheless consistent with what we know of Minoan religious practices and it does offer some additional support for the idea of a sea-shore cult involving both fixed shrines built on the land and portable shrines ferried coastwise by priestesses .
the ritual imagery of the ring of minos is nevertheless consistent with what we know of minoan religious practices and it does offer some [more] support for the idea of a sea-shore cult involving both fixed shrines built on the land and portable shrines ferried coastwise by priestesses .

Nevertheless , the situation is made more complicated by variations in the design : several of the objects have four eyes or nipples instead of the expected two , so there is probably some additional layer of symbolic meaning that has yet to be penetrated .
nevertheless , the situation is made more complicated by variations in the design : several of the objects have four eyes or nipples instead of the expected two , so there is probably some [more] layer of symbolic meaning that has yet to be penetrated .

Large figure-of-eight shields were depicted on the walls of the East Wing of the Labyrinth , possibly to indicate that the building was under divine protection ; the dappled hides of which the shields were made presumably came from the bull , the sacred beast , and this may have given them additional prophylactic value .
large figure-of-eight shields were depicted on the walls of the east wing of the labyrinth , possibly to indicate that the building was under divine protection ; the dappled hides of which the shields were made presumably came from the bull , the sacred beast , and this may have given them [more] prophylactic value .

This additional property , Minsky believes , could have a functional or evolutionary explanation , of the sort suggested for the property of modularity itself by Simon , in that the ‘ conscious ’ supreme organizing module would ipso facto be in a position to ‘ debug ’ or repair the connections of the lower modules amongst themselves or to itself .
this [more] property , minsky believes , could have a functional or evolutionary explanation , of the sort suggested for the property of modularity itself by simon , in that the ‘ conscious ’ supreme organizing module would ipso facto be in a position to ‘ debug ’ or repair the connections of the lower modules amongst themselves or to itself .

an additional sentence such as ‘ He extinguished the lantern ’ ) .
an [more] sentence such as ‘ he extinguished the lantern ’ ) .

He can only conjecture that additional maturational innovations will not become hereditary unless they harmonize with the previous ones that are already being recapitulated in maturation .
he can only conjecture that [more] maturational innovations will not become hereditary unless they harmonize with the previous ones that are already being recapitulated in maturation .

An enclosing windshield is advisable to conserve heat and fuel and as an additional safety feature .
an enclosing windshield is advisable to conserve heat and fuel and as an [more] safety feature .

All the additional effort to repair wind damage , and coping with the extra demands of old buildings in poor weather , did n't help to relieve the pressures , especially as some of the boys had been rather overexcited and badly behaved .
all the [more] effort to repair wind damage , and coping with the extra demands of old buildings in poor weather , did n't help to relieve the pressures , especially as some of the boys had been rather overexcited and badly behaved .

Climbing in a pure alpine style , without additional support , they spent six days climbing the Kishofer route on the Diamir face , and a further two and a half days to descend .
climbing in a pure alpine style , without [more] support , they spent six days climbing the kishofer route on the diamir face , and a further two and a half days to descend .

Most of the peaks described up to now lack one additional ingredient to their aspect — namely the sea .
most of the peaks described up to now lack one [more] ingredient to their aspect — namely the sea .

The £500 is going towards additional support displays inside the exhibition hall and towards the installation of a new video surveillance system in the hall .
the £500 is going towards [more] support displays inside the exhibition hall and towards the installation of a new video surveillance system in the hall .

Additional information on laser imaging technology is made available through the query button .
[more] information on laser imaging technology is made available through the query button .

Once his mother realized that he had these additional problems she was able to understand how frustrated he had been and also how irritable she had been when he did not respond to her .
once his mother realized that he had these [more] problems she was able to understand how frustrated he had been and also how irritable she had been when he did not respond to her .

Occasionally children require some additional recognition that they are behaving well apart from their parent telling them that they are good .
occasionally children require some [more] recognition that they are behaving well apart from their parent telling them that they are good .

No additional food should be offered during the day apart from meal-times so that the child has the opportunity to develop an appetite in time for the next meal .
no [more] food should be offered during the day apart from meal-times so that the child has the opportunity to develop an appetite in time for the next meal .

If a sticker chart is used it is helpful to encourage the family to bring this to the next session at the clinic so that the child can demonstrate his or her achievements and gain additional praise .
if a sticker chart is used it is helpful to encourage the family to bring this to the next session at the clinic so that the child can demonstrate his or her achievements and gain [more] praise .

The child who shows stool retention and consequent constipation due to emotional disturbance will need this ‘ physical ’ approach to treatment plus additional therapy in the family .
the child who shows stool retention and consequent constipation due to emotional disturbance will need this ‘ physical ’ approach to treatment plus [more] therapy in the family .

Any large mirrors ( those more than 1m sq ) should have additional support to take their weight ; mirror doors for wardrobes and low level mirrors should have a commercially-applied film , so that the pieces are held together if the mirror gets broken .
any large mirrors ( those more than 1m sq ) should have [more] support to take their weight ; mirror doors for wardrobes and low level mirrors should have a commercially-applied film , so that the pieces are held together if the mirror gets broken .

What is a good average for two-colour work , will be hopelessly wrong for four-colour , because we are knitting double the number of rows to obtain the correct pattern , so the additional rows knitted will change the measurement of 40 rows in millimetres .
what is a good average for two-colour work , will be hopelessly wrong for four-colour , because we are knitting double the number of rows to obtain the correct pattern , so the [more] rows knitted will change the measurement of 40 rows in millimetres .

In spite of the expansion of higher education through the provision of extra places and additional institutions , the demand was still far greater than the supply .
in spite of the expansion of higher education through the provision of extra places and [more] institutions , the demand was still far greater than the supply .

Document preparation systems have structural components such as paragraphs , and hypertext systems have additional structural components concerned with linking .
document preparation systems have structural components such as paragraphs , and hypertext systems have [more] structural components concerned with linking .

Additional criticisms of Skinner 's position have arisen from empirical studies of children 's language .
[more] criticisms of skinner 's position have arisen from empirical studies of children 's language .

An additional problem for the child language learner is created by the imperfect relationship between a speaker 's knowledge of grammatical rules ( usually referred to as ‘ competence ’ ) and the language which is actually spoken ( usually referred to as ‘ language performance ’ ) .
an [more] problem for the child language learner is created by the imperfect relationship between a speaker 's knowledge of grammatical rules ( usually referred to as ‘ competence ’ ) and the language which is actually spoken ( usually referred to as ‘ language performance ’ ) .

Third , from a methodological perspective , perspective , mentalistic accounts are seen as valid so long as they are closely tied to observations , so that any proposed link between behaviour and underlying knowledge is subject to rigorous scrutiny and ultimately to falsification through additional empirical enquiry ( see Figure 5.1 ) .
third , from a methodological perspective , perspective , mentalistic accounts are seen as valid so long as they are closely tied to observations , so that any proposed link between behaviour and underlying knowledge is subject to rigorous scrutiny and ultimately to falsification through [more] empirical enquiry ( see figure 5.1 ) .

One possibility is that conversational interactions are structured in such a way that they provide additional support for the induction of grammatical generalisations .
one possibility is that conversational interactions are structured in such a way that they provide [more] support for the induction of grammatical generalisations .

These problems may then lead on to additional difficulties at school , especially if the teaching staff mistake linguistic delay as indicative of limited intelligence , or interpret differences in a child 's ability to use language as a sign of impaired ability to learn language ( Heath 1983 ) .
these problems may then lead on to [more] difficulties at school , especially if the teaching staff mistake linguistic delay as indicative of limited intelligence , or interpret differences in a child 's ability to use language as a sign of impaired ability to learn language ( heath 1983 ) .

However , young children 's ability to develop language is extremely robust , and unless there are additional cognitive or emotional problems , children learn the language of their community even under conditions where exposure to adult input seems to be remarkably impoverished .
however , young children 's ability to develop language is extremely robust , and unless there are [more] cognitive or emotional problems , children learn the language of their community even under conditions where exposure to adult input seems to be remarkably impoverished .

Similarly , a child who has language problems because of hearing loss caused by a temporary blockage ( otitis media ) may have her hearing corrected by surgical intervention , but this will not automatically remedy the child 's problems with language ; this will require additional treatment to create the possibility of appropriate learning ( Downs and Blager 1982 ; Quick and Mandell 1983 ; Godowski et al .
similarly , a child who has language problems because of hearing loss caused by a temporary blockage ( otitis media ) may have her hearing corrected by surgical intervention , but this will not automatically remedy the child 's problems with language ; this will require [more] treatment to create the possibility of appropriate learning ( downs and blager 1982 ; quick and mandell 1983 ; godowski et al .

Such an assumption requires the invocation of additional processes to explain precisely how what a child does or does not do in one setting might be related to the child 's performance in a different setting .
such an assumption requires the invocation of [more] processes to explain precisely how what a child does or does not do in one setting might be related to the child 's performance in a different setting .

These two criteria will determine the extent to which it is felt that the test can provide a meaningful assessment of children who may have additional articulatory , sensory or physical disorders , as well as possible linguistic difficulties .
these two criteria will determine the extent to which it is felt that the test can provide a meaningful assessment of children who may have [more] articulatory , sensory or physical disorders , as well as possible linguistic difficulties .

So not only do styling products have additional conditioning ingredients but there 's a whole new array of products such as serums to mend split ends and slick down frizz , and curl boosters to encourage bounce .
so not only do styling products have [more] conditioning ingredients but there 's a whole new array of products such as serums to mend split ends and slick down frizz , and curl boosters to encourage bounce .

To use it is a hobby , perhaps an additional income , sometimes a lifesaver when things are difficult but in countries where life is altogether harder it can make a startling difference to the family income and the quality of life .
to use it is a hobby , perhaps an [more] income , sometimes a lifesaver when things are difficult but in countries where life is altogether harder it can make a startling difference to the family income and the quality of life .

Not to worry , even without an extra mast , quite good results can be obtained by hand feeding the additional yarns .
not to worry , even without an extra mast , quite good results can be obtained by hand feeding the [more] yarns .

If you have purchased the colour changer for your machine , an additional yarn mast and double tension assembly come as part of this .
if you have purchased the colour changer for your machine , an [more] yarn mast and double tension assembly come as part of this .

If you do n't have the colour changer , or this accessory is not on your financial agenda at present , purchasing additional yarn masts is a less expensive alternative .
if you do n't have the colour changer , or this accessory is not on your financial agenda at present , purchasing [more] yarn masts is a less expensive alternative .

As a supplement , feeder shrimps will provide additional proteins and roughage .
as a supplement , feeder shrimps will provide [more] proteins and roughage .

One additional problem which can arise is a noisy vibrating pump due to poor maintenance of the adsorption filter .
one [more] problem which can arise is a noisy vibrating pump due to poor maintenance of the adsorption filter .

in some cases you may have to take out additional cover for accidental damage , so make sure you know exactly what you are getting for your money .
in some cases you may have to take out [more] cover for accidental damage , so make sure you know exactly what you are getting for your money .

With the Royal you are not covered for the first £100 of any claim , unless you pay an additional premium of 10% , which will reduce the excess to £50 .
with the royal you are not covered for the first £100 of any claim , unless you pay an [more] premium of 10% , which will reduce the excess to £50 .

There are five membership categories , the cheapest being a ‘ follower ’ at £10 per year and this includes a subscription to ‘ Lifewatch ’ magazine , an entrance ticket to London Zoo , additional money-off entrance vouchers , a car sticker and a lapel badge .
there are five membership categories , the cheapest being a ‘ follower ’ at £10 per year and this includes a subscription to ‘ lifewatch ’ magazine , an entrance ticket to london zoo , [more] money-off entrance vouchers , a car sticker and a lapel badge .

The additional tables created to record the status of navigation will first be described .
the [more] tables created to record the status of navigation will first be described .

One is whether a form is morphologically basic , or whether it needs extra material added by way of an additional rule .
one is whether a form is morphologically basic , or whether it needs extra material added by way of an [more] rule .

At that stage , Duxford was undeveloped as a warbird centre and having the Corsair based there was an additional attraction for the Imperial War Museum .
at that stage , duxford was undeveloped as a warbird centre and having the corsair based there was an [more] attraction for the imperial war museum .

You will need additional weight to knit this design ; also , put in the pushing down wheels before you start , as these will keep the stitches on the needles .
you will need [more] weight to knit this design ; also , put in the pushing down wheels before you start , as these will keep the stitches on the needles .

Goldberg and Connelly ( 1982 , p. 88 ) suggest the wide variety of situations where this way of working can be helpful , ranging from short-term grief work , to a change of residence , or the too close involvement of caring relatives who might need additional support .
goldberg and connelly ( 1982 , p. 88 ) suggest the wide variety of situations where this way of working can be helpful , ranging from short-term grief work , to a change of residence , or the too close involvement of caring relatives who might need [more] support .

The next step is to offer additional techniques to give a family space to explore the way the patterns of past relationships affect the problems , and decisions made in the present .
the next step is to offer [more] techniques to give a family space to explore the way the patterns of past relationships affect the problems , and decisions made in the present .

Nevertheless , we welcome the additional Housing Corporation allocation .
nevertheless , we welcome the [more] housing corporation allocation .

An additional reason for the closeness between Charles and Camilla was that he is godfather to her son , Tom .
an [more] reason for the closeness between charles and camilla was that he is godfather to her son , tom .

Furthermore , the intention of the European Community to complete the Single European Market by 1992 was seen as an additional factor behind the bids from the two Swiss companies .
furthermore , the intention of the european community to complete the single european market by 1992 was seen as an [more] factor behind the bids from the two swiss companies .

As a result , an additional 2,200 jobs would follow .
as a result , an [more] 2,200 jobs would follow .

Not only would jobs be provided directly , but there would also be additional employment generated in the components industry and in ancillary services .
not only would jobs be provided directly , but there would also be [more] employment generated in the components industry and in ancillary services .

Whilst the introduction of competition will undoubtedly benefit some aspects of efficiency , additional costs might also be incurred .
whilst the introduction of competition will undoubtedly benefit some aspects of efficiency , [more] costs might also be incurred .

At the very time when householders were facing high mortgage repayments and declining house prices , the government introduced reforms to the local taxation system which imposed additional financial burdens on many people .
at the very time when householders were facing high mortgage repayments and declining house prices , the government introduced reforms to the local taxation system which imposed [more] financial burdens on many people .

However , there would be no guarantee that they would do so — they might use the money for additional spending on services .
however , there would be no guarantee that they would do so — they might use the money for [more] spending on services .

Leopold had joined the Freemasons on his visit to Vienna in 1185 , so father and son shared an additional ideological bond .
leopold had joined the freemasons on his visit to vienna in 1185 , so father and son shared an [more] ideological bond .

Piper , 26 , has been beaten only once in his 18-fight career , when he strayed 7lb above the super-middleweight limit and conceded an additional 10lb to Manchester 's Karl Thompson , who has since won the British cruiserweight title .
piper , 26 , has been beaten only once in his 18-fight career , when he strayed 7lb above the super-middleweight limit and conceded an [more] 10lb to manchester 's karl thompson , who has since won the british cruiserweight title .

Additional £700 million help for exporters .
[more] £700 million help for exporters .

An additional problem is that some drugs , notably diuretics which are commonly used with older people , cause a loss of potassium .
an [more] problem is that some drugs , notably diuretics which are commonly used with older people , cause a loss of potassium .

this one is wrong In addition to the generally recognized senses of vision , hearing , touch , smell and taste , human beings are known to have an additional one , called proprioception or kinaesthesia .
this one is wrong in addition to the generally recognized senses of vision , hearing , touch , smell and taste , human beings are known to have an [more] one , called proprioception or kinaesthesia .

Good interviewers do not use these tests as a substitute for interview , merely as an additional aid .
good interviewers do not use these tests as a substitute for interview , merely as an [more] aid .

Having pressed all the component parts to make up a wedding picture for the bride , there may be some pieces left over ( if you have followed my advice and pressed additional flowers and foliage in case of accident ) .
having pressed all the component parts to make up a wedding picture for the bride , there may be some pieces left over ( if you have followed my advice and pressed [more] flowers and foliage in case of accident ) .

It is far easier to buy some extra flowers or to pick an additional bunch from your garden , than to explain to someone that you would like to take some of your gift home with you in order to give it back to them again at a later date !
it is far easier to buy some extra flowers or to pick an [more] bunch from your garden , than to explain to someone that you would like to take some of your gift home with you in order to give it back to them again at a later date !

The Korean visit is taking place in the shadow of new disclosures by author Andrew Morton in an additional chapter of his book , Diana : Her True Story .
the korean visit is taking place in the shadow of new disclosures by author andrew morton in an [more] chapter of his book , diana : her true story .

Of course , Rod Stewart 's name adds a lot of additional interest for any potential buyer .
of course , rod stewart 's name adds a lot of [more] interest for any potential buyer .

if worn with a chin cup attached to or held in position by a strap or other fastening provided on the helmet , is provided with an additional strap or other fastening ( to be fastened under the wearer 's jaw ) for securing the helmet firmly to the head of the wearer ; and
if worn with a chin cup attached to or held in position by a strap or other fastening provided on the helmet , is provided with an [more] strap or other fastening ( to be fastened under the wearer 's jaw ) for securing the helmet firmly to the head of the wearer ; and

But an additional limitation on the offence at point 7 is that the stationary vehicle must have stopped to accord precedence to pedestrians .
but an [more] limitation on the offence at point 7 is that the stationary vehicle must have stopped to accord precedence to pedestrians .

This alternative offence can also be proved as at point 5 with the additional observations to the effect ‘ The stationary vehicle had stopped to accord precedence to foot passengers ’ .
this alternative offence can also be proved as at point 5 with the [more] observations to the effect ‘ the stationary vehicle had stopped to accord precedence to foot passengers ’ .

Up to the fibre saturation point the lumen or hollow part of the cell is empty of water , above the fibre saturation point virtually the whole of the additional moisture exists as loose liquid water within the lumen .
up to the fibre saturation point the lumen or hollow part of the cell is empty of water , above the fibre saturation point virtually the whole of the [more] moisture exists as loose liquid water within the lumen .

After that no further swelling takes place and the additional water simply adds , very considerably , to the weight of the wood .
after that no further swelling takes place and the [more] water simply adds , very considerably , to the weight of the wood .

But because his value is limited to £1.5 million — another stipulation in the contract which first allowed him to move to Sampdoria — there is room for additional bonuses and signing on payments to be made available to him .
but because his value is limited to £1.5 million — another stipulation in the contract which first allowed him to move to sampdoria — there is room for [more] bonuses and signing on payments to be made available to him .

His first car was a 1964 Ford Consul which he and three friends bought for £15 , plus an additional £5 for petrol .
his first car was a 1964 ford consul which he and three friends bought for £15 , plus an [more] £5 for petrol .

Mr Ross had already built a substantial business when he began to approach banks for additional funding .
mr ross had already built a substantial business when he began to approach banks for [more] funding .

Additional risks can come via overambitious growth plans , vulnerability to technology or product development , over-gearing or through backing ‘ one-man bands ’ .
[more] risks can come via overambitious growth plans , vulnerability to technology or product development , over-gearing or through backing ‘ one-man bands ’ .

This fund manager has an annual charge of 1% on the first £150,000 invested , 0.75% on the next £850,000 and additional charges for transactions of between 0.1% and 1.25% .
this fund manager has an annual charge of 1% on the first £150,000 invested , 0.75% on the next £850,000 and [more] charges for transactions of between 0.1% and 1.25% .

The general ledger costs from £2,000 , with additional ledgers from £1,300 each .
the general ledger costs from £2,000 , with [more] ledgers from £1,300 each .

The effect of this would be that the additional premium of £5,000 would be treated as additional rent for the period 28 April 1989 to 25 March 1991 and would , in effect , make the transaction tax neutral within companies controlled by the same individual .
the effect of this would be that the [more] premium of £5,000 would be treated as [more] rent for the period 28 april 1989 to 25 march 1991 and would , in effect , make the transaction tax neutral within companies controlled by the same individual .

However , the Department of Trade and Industry and the Building Societies Commission have accepted representations from the industry that additional disclosure requirements should be developed outside the statutory framework , through Statements of Recommended Practice .
however , the department of trade and industry and the building societies commission have accepted representations from the industry that [more] disclosure requirements should be developed outside the statutory framework , through statements of recommended practice .

Similar rules apply to loans and advances to credit institutions , with the additional categories of amounts payable on demand or at seven days ' notice and those payable within three months , although here where amounts are repayable by instalments each instalment is to be treated as a separate amount .
similar rules apply to loans and advances to credit institutions , with the [more] categories of amounts payable on demand or at seven days ' notice and those payable within three months , although here where amounts are repayable by instalments each instalment is to be treated as a separate amount .

Some district societies also want an assurance that the Institute will not take on additional regulatory responsibilities without consulting the membership : some go as far as urging it to oppose any future legislation to extend statutory regulation of members ' activities .
some district societies also want an assurance that the institute will not take on [more] regulatory responsibilities without consulting the membership : some go as far as urging it to oppose any future legislation to extend statutory regulation of members ' activities .

The comparative information is presented as reported in the financial statements of the prior periods , and additional pro forma information is presented in accordance with the benchmark treatment .
the comparative information is presented as reported in the financial statements of the prior periods , and [more] pro forma information is presented in accordance with the benchmark treatment .

As regards the claim in respect of additional lighting , he said that Wimpy International v Warland had decided that lighting that did no more than provide general illumination was not plant , as it was not used for carrying on the business .
as regards the claim in respect of [more] lighting , he said that wimpy international v warland had decided that lighting that did no more than provide general illumination was not plant , as it was not used for carrying on the business .

Therefore , the lighting that had been installed to provide a normal level of additional illumination could not be described as plant .
therefore , the lighting that had been installed to provide a normal level of [more] illumination could not be described as plant .

The effect was to render the acceptance of Eurocheques less attractive for French traders and , together with the additional prohibition imposed on French banks on issuing Eurocheques for domestic use , the agreement had impeded the development of Eurocheques within France as a domestic means of payment .
the effect was to render the acceptance of eurocheques less attractive for french traders and , together with the [more] prohibition imposed on french banks on issuing eurocheques for domestic use , the agreement had impeded the development of eurocheques within france as a domestic means of payment .

Psychologically , the male-female union as a result of the Jaw of Three is , by nature , extended to include additional considerations which become more complex as the functioning of the relationship changes .
psychologically , the male-female union as a result of the jaw of three is , by nature , extended to include [more] considerations which become more complex as the functioning of the relationship changes .

Once the icon has been sufficiently ‘ charged ’ by rituals executed by the priest or initiate , the actual installation and preparation for the activation of an additional electro-magnetic impulse is undertaken .
once the icon has been sufficiently ‘ charged ’ by rituals executed by the priest or initiate , the actual installation and preparation for the activation of an [more] electro-magnetic impulse is undertaken .

The symmetrical geometries relating to the elephant 's tusk , the elk 's antler , the beaver 's tooth , the claw of a canary , are additional examples of such systems .
the symmetrical geometries relating to the elephant 's tusk , the elk 's antler , the beaver 's tooth , the claw of a canary , are [more] examples of such systems .

As healers act as channels for the Life Force energy , the experiment provided additional hard evidence to support the field theory .
as healers act as channels for the life force energy , the experiment provided [more] hard evidence to support the field theory .

Some officials objected to this arrangement in principle , but the government felt that the cost of additional personnel was too great to warrant changing it .
some officials objected to this arrangement in principle , but the government felt that the cost of [more] personnel was too great to warrant changing it .

In Sri Lanka the police role of the headman was not a profession , but an additional source of authority for a village notable .
in sri lanka the police role of the headman was not a profession , but an [more] source of authority for a village notable .

Sri Lankans did not believe that it was morally wrong to convict a known cattle thief on false evidence , and officials often complained that true cases were spoilt by complainants who added additional false evidence .
sri lankans did not believe that it was morally wrong to convict a known cattle thief on false evidence , and officials often complained that true cases were spoilt by complainants who added [more] false evidence .

This increased activity led to additional prosecutions .
this increased activity led to [more] prosecutions .

To village youths , whether they were acting as minor cogs of a cattle relay team or stealing a disliked neighbour 's bullock , it provided both adventure and a small additional income .
to village youths , whether they were acting as minor cogs of a cattle relay team or stealing a disliked neighbour 's bullock , it provided both adventure and a small [more] income .

Apparently the Company did not possess an additional bamboo pole for Selby Road , and the one from the Robin Hood had to be carried there resting on the backs of the seats of the upper deck of a car when required .
apparently the company did not possess an [more] bamboo pole for selby road , and the one from the robin hood had to be carried there resting on the backs of the seats of the upper deck of a car when required .

It was found that one additional car was required on route 42 , to cover the slightly extended journey time .
it was found that one [more] car was required on route 42 , to cover the slightly extended journey time .

Then , the team that scored most tries in the competition would be awarded an additional ‘ winning ’ point .
then , the team that scored most tries in the competition would be awarded an [more] ‘ winning ’ point .

These are activities which we would be unable to perform without a detailed knowledge of their personal circumstances , and trying to persuade them auditing is even necessary or that anything has changed since Uncle Albert 's day , is nigh on impossible and certainly not an adequate reason for an additional fee .
these are activities which we would be unable to perform without a detailed knowledge of their personal circumstances , and trying to persuade them auditing is even necessary or that anything has changed since uncle albert 's day , is nigh on impossible and certainly not an adequate reason for an [more] fee .

Reimbursement for additional right .
reimbursement for [more] right .

Following a recent Customs ' seminar , it has been announced that in respect of the following member states additional codes will also be allowed :
following a recent customs ' seminar , it has been announced that in respect of the following member states [more] codes will also be allowed :

Once appointed , members operate as individuals rather than delegates and serve for an initial term of two years , which their district may then extend by two additional terms to six years in all .
once appointed , members operate as individuals rather than delegates and serve for an initial term of two years , which their district may then extend by two [more] terms to six years in all .

It is with regard to these latter companies that additional disclosure requirements must be considered .
it is with regard to these latter companies that [more] disclosure requirements must be considered .

However , it might be said that to require additional disclosure from all companies as a means of addressing the lack of it from a few is to force rules on the majority for the sake of the minority .
however , it might be said that to require [more] disclosure from all companies as a means of addressing the lack of it from a few is to force rules on the majority for the sake of the minority .

If we accept , however , that additional disclosure in interim financial reports is a good thing — and the current trend and commentary indicate that many believe that it is — then the question becomes : What additional disclosure ?
if we accept , however , that [more] disclosure in interim financial reports is a good thing — and the current trend and commentary indicate that many believe that it is — then the question becomes : what [more] disclosure ?

As with anything that can not be easily quantified , it is difficult to determine the point where the benefits of additional information exceed the costs .
as with anything that can not be easily quantified , it is difficult to determine the point where the benefits of [more] information exceed the costs .

Full financial statements or additional information ?
full financial statements or [more] information ?

This information will usually make it clear why a class of share has been classified as equity or non-equity , but if necessary additional information should be given to explain the classification .
this information will usually make it clear why a class of share has been classified as equity or non-equity , but if necessary [more] information should be given to explain the classification .

If profits are insufficient the issuer is not in default and no additional rights accrue to the holder of the bond , although interest payments may be cumulative .
if profits are insufficient the issuer is not in default and no [more] rights accrue to the holder of the bond , although interest payments may be cumulative .

Additional records will be available on request from the Post Qualification Section , Education and Training Department .
[more] records will be available on request from the post qualification section , education and training department .

Additional Qualifications
[more] qualifications

For those members who have already submitted their views , we would like to thank them and would welcome any additional comments they may have .
for those members who have already submitted their views , we would like to thank them and would welcome any [more] comments they may have .

Sometimes contains additional cushioning .
sometimes contains [more] cushioning .

Flat feet usually overpronate , and hence need additional motion control and firm heel counters .
flat feet usually overpronate , and hence need [more] motion control and firm heel counters .

Additional miniature bull-runnings , sponsored by public houses , were common in the early nineteenth century and the organisation of the festival transferred to the poorer areas of the town .
[more] miniature bull-runnings , sponsored by public houses , were common in the early nineteenth century and the organisation of the festival transferred to the poorer areas of the town .

‘ It clearly was n't the right time to make any additional changes in Laura 's life , ’ says Kathie .
‘ it clearly was n't the right time to make any [more] changes in laura 's life , ’ says kathie .

Camcorders vary in their ability to produce a good picture in low light , but any model capable of working at a light level of 10 lux or less will enable you to record in most interiors without the need for additional lighting .
camcorders vary in their ability to produce a good picture in low light , but any model capable of working at a light level of 10 lux or less will enable you to record in most interiors without the need for [more] lighting .

What happens next depends on the particular model : you may find that the machine goes automatically into record mode on switch-on , or you may have to press an additional button to ready it for recording .
what happens next depends on the particular model : you may find that the machine goes automatically into record mode on switch-on , or you may have to press an [more] button to ready it for recording .

Finally , bring up your left hand to provide additional steadying underneath the camcorder body at the lens end .
finally , bring up your left hand to provide [more] steadying underneath the camcorder body at the lens end .

If your camcorder is one of the larger shoulder-mounted models , you will have the benefit of the additional steadiness that this professional style of camera-holding brings .
if your camcorder is one of the larger shoulder-mounted models , you will have the benefit of the [more] steadiness that this professional style of camera-holding brings .

( a ) The correct way to stand while holding a camcorder if no additional support is available ; ( b ) shows how to ‘ pre-swing ’ before starting to take a pan-shot ; ( c ) lean against walls , trees or whatever is available ; ( d ) rest your elbows on car-roofs or low walls for extra steadiness .
( a ) the correct way to stand while holding a camcorder if no [more] support is available ; ( b ) shows how to ‘ pre-swing ’ before starting to take a pan-shot ; ( c ) lean against walls , trees or whatever is available ; ( d ) rest your elbows on car-roofs or low walls for extra steadiness .

On the other hand , shaky close-ups , even of magnificent beasts , are not very good to watch and you really need to provide yourself with some kind of additional support to help you hold the camcorder steady .
on the other hand , shaky close-ups , even of magnificent beasts , are not very good to watch and you really need to provide yourself with some kind of [more] support to help you hold the camcorder steady .

With this as a starting point , you could go on to experiment with even more additional lights .
with this as a starting point , you could go on to experiment with even more [more] lights .

Children 's bedrooms are usually small areas with light-coloured walls , so there should be enough reflected light to lighten up the main scene of action , but if you do bring in any additional low-level lighting , take care to position it where it will not get in the way of the camera or shine into the lens .
children 's bedrooms are usually small areas with light-coloured walls , so there should be enough reflected light to lighten up the main scene of action , but if you do bring in any [more] low-level lighting , take care to position it where it will not get in the way of the camera or shine into the lens .

The additional equipment you will need with you on your holiday shoots will also depend on the importance that you — and your companions — attach to video movie making in relation to the other holiday activities .
the [more] equipment you will need with you on your holiday shoots will also depend on the importance that you — and your companions — attach to video movie making in relation to the other holiday activities .

To return now to the mother-and-child-on-beach situation , this relationship , and that between other individuals in the group , can be a fruitful source of additional story-continuity ideas .
to return now to the mother-and-child-on-beach situation , this relationship , and that between other individuals in the group , can be a fruitful source of [more] story-continuity ideas .

So whenever you are shooting action sequences like this one , make use of them as a means of smoothing the flow of the pictures as well as providing additional visual interest .
so whenever you are shooting action sequences like this one , make use of them as a means of smoothing the flow of the pictures as well as providing [more] visual interest .

This example page , which is also set out at one second of runtime per line , shows that the original sync sound transfers continue without a break , but additional background sound ( voices ) is to be faded in at the beginning of shot 18 .
this example page , which is also set out at one second of runtime per line , shows that the original sync sound transfers continue without a break , but [more] background sound ( voices ) is to be faded in at the beginning of shot 18 .

These machines are rather expensive , but they make it possible to lift off the original sync sound from the video tape , combine it with additional sound ( held either on separate tracks or pre-mixed on the recorder via ‘ sound on sound ’ mixing ) , and then to lay it back onto the video tape still in perfect synchronisation .
these machines are rather expensive , but they make it possible to lift off the original sync sound from the video tape , combine it with [more] sound ( held either on separate tracks or pre-mixed on the recorder via ‘ sound on sound ’ mixing ) , and then to lay it back onto the video tape still in perfect synchronisation .

It is generally fitted with an additional diffuser such as a glass cloth scrim , and positioned so as to give a lighting intensity of about one half of that of the key light .
it is generally fitted with an [more] diffuser such as a glass cloth scrim , and positioned so as to give a lighting intensity of about one half of that of the key light .

Amateurs , perforce , have to settle for less expensive solutions , and the low minimum illumination levels at which domestic camcorders can operate makes it possible to get by with just the available lighting supplemented with additional lighting to lift the foreground .
amateurs , perforce , have to settle for less expensive solutions , and the low minimum illumination levels at which domestic camcorders can operate makes it possible to get by with just the available lighting supplemented with [more] lighting to lift the foreground .

The Revenue claimed that tax should be assessed on the full cost of the places , while Mr Hart argued that it should be assessed on the extra costs , such as meals and laundry , the school incurred as a result of having an additional pupil .
the revenue claimed that tax should be assessed on the full cost of the places , while mr hart argued that it should be assessed on the extra costs , such as meals and laundry , the school incurred as a result of having an [more] pupil .

Like most package holidays , this includes breakfast at the hotel , but any other meals are additional to the quoted price .
like most package holidays , this includes breakfast at the hotel , but any other meals are [more] to the quoted price .

Additional features include audit trails , currency conversions ( using both Customs ' monthly rates and users ' actual sterling values ) and consolidation of returns .
[more] features include audit trails , currency conversions ( using both customs ' monthly rates and users ' actual sterling values ) and consolidation of returns .

Furthermore , they were getting back only 62 % ( 1991 — 52 % ) of the additional costs of individual jobs .
furthermore , they were getting back only 62 % ( 1991 — 52 % ) of the [more] costs of individual jobs .

With the additional staff available , Clinton maintains that transfer pricing abuse can be remedied , and the additional revenue raised , without any change in the existing law but through a better and enhanced mechanism for the enforcement of the internationally accepted arm's-length standard for transfer pricing .
with the [more] staff available , clinton maintains that transfer pricing abuse can be remedied , and the [more] revenue raised , without any change in the existing law but through a better and enhanced mechanism for the enforcement of the internationally accepted arm's-length standard for transfer pricing .

There are a number of other possibilities , if you are willing to incur the additional expense .
there are a number of other possibilities , if you are willing to incur the [more] expense .

Provided that the game is fair and given that the majority of investors hold diversified portfolios , as of course the dominant institutional investors do , then it is debatable whether extensive additional audit work is justified to provide the relatively small numbers of undiversified investors with information about the likely variance of cash flows .
provided that the game is fair and given that the majority of investors hold diversified portfolios , as of course the dominant institutional investors do , then it is debatable whether extensive [more] audit work is justified to provide the relatively small numbers of undiversified investors with information about the likely variance of cash flows .

These costs will include direct costs in terms of additional auditor input as envisaged by the requirement of the proposed new standards that the auditor should actively investigate a client company 's going concern status .
these costs will include direct costs in terms of [more] auditor input as envisaged by the requirement of the proposed new standards that the auditor should actively investigate a client company 's going concern status .

The Master of the Rolls in the Court of Appeal rejected these arguments and said that the purpose of the Directive was to co-ordinate the authorities ' discretion in member states and not to provide additional protection for investors .
the master of the rolls in the court of appeal rejected these arguments and said that the purpose of the directive was to co-ordinate the authorities ' discretion in member states and not to provide [more] protection for investors .

The expense the school incurred in educating and maintaining the taxpayers ' sons did not add to the school 's general costs but was equal to the additional cost involved in so doing — such as meals and laundry .
the expense the school incurred in educating and maintaining the taxpayers ' sons did not add to the school 's general costs but was equal to the [more] cost involved in so doing — such as meals and laundry .

In his view , the minister 's responses to questions asked at the time the legislation was proposed were consistent with the interpretation that the words ‘ the expense incurred in or in connection with ’ meant that the provision of the benefit would produce a charge to tax on the additional or marginal cost only .
in his view , the minister 's responses to questions asked at the time the legislation was proposed were consistent with the interpretation that the words ‘ the expense incurred in or in connection with ’ meant that the provision of the benefit would produce a charge to tax on the [more] or marginal cost only .

In addition , the single market should avoid delays in the transport of freight , and the need for additional stocks to be held to cover a shortfall because of the lack of certainty of delivery times .
in addition , the single market should avoid delays in the transport of freight , and the need for [more] stocks to be held to cover a shortfall because of the lack of certainty of delivery times .

Firms will be expected to provide accounting information to their successors even when a fee dispute is still outstanding , and firms undertaking additional work will normally be expected to notify the incumbent .
firms will be expected to provide accounting information to their successors even when a fee dispute is still outstanding , and firms undertaking [more] work will normally be expected to notify the incumbent .

‘ What people are concerned about is that , if they train certifieds or AATs , they do n't have to cope with the bureaucracy , they do n't have to be formal training offices and so they do n't have to be quite so concerned that they have to provide the right sort of additional courses for people to attend to back up their exams .
‘ what people are concerned about is that , if they train certifieds or aats , they do n't have to cope with the bureaucracy , they do n't have to be formal training offices and so they do n't have to be quite so concerned that they have to provide the right sort of [more] courses for people to attend to back up their exams .

Turks and Caicos and the Bahamas have the additional problem of being contained in an archipelago of sparsely populated islands , with literally dozens of remote airstrips and hundreds of miles of expensive-to-patrol coastline , situated directly on the Colombia to Florida flight path and shipping channels .
turks and caicos and the bahamas have the [more] problem of being contained in an archipelago of sparsely populated islands , with literally dozens of remote airstrips and hundreds of miles of expensive-to-patrol coastline , situated directly on the colombia to florida flight path and shipping channels .

However , in practice , depending on the circumstances , it may sometimes be possible to overcome such disclosure problems by giving additional narrative explanations in the notes to the accounts .
however , in practice , depending on the circumstances , it may sometimes be possible to overcome such disclosure problems by giving [more] narrative explanations in the notes to the accounts .

They comment : ‘ As referred to in the interim report , including the letter to shareholders , the validity of the going concern basis is dependent upon the terms of the resolution of the group 's disputes with its contractors , the continued availability of the finance arranged with its bankers and the raising of additional funding to enable the trading operations of the Channel Tunnel system to progress to a point at which the group becomes cash generative net of funding costs . ’
they comment : ‘ as referred to in the interim report , including the letter to shareholders , the validity of the going concern basis is dependent upon the terms of the resolution of the group 's disputes with its contractors , the continued availability of the finance arranged with its bankers and the raising of [more] funding to enable the trading operations of the channel tunnel system to progress to a point at which the group becomes cash generative net of funding costs . ’

There was also the additional point that a large percentage of employees had accepted the new terms , which led to the conclusion that they must have regarded them as reasonable in the circumstances .
there was also the [more] point that a large percentage of employees had accepted the new terms , which led to the conclusion that they must have regarded them as reasonable in the circumstances .

Clause 24 and Sch 5 provide additional protection for all safety representatives against being dismissed for carrying out their health and safety duties .
clause 24 and sch 5 provide [more] protection for all safety representatives against being dismissed for carrying out their health and safety duties .

It causes problems with both staff and clients : ‘ It 's an additional complication of the process that is not desirable .
it causes problems with both staff and clients : ‘ it 's an [more] complication of the process that is not desirable .

‘ Even the rates saving can mean a few thousand pounds additional profit per partner , ’ he says .
‘ even the rates saving can mean a few thousand pounds [more] profit per partner , ’ he says .

After devastating some local villages , perhaps as much to gain additional supplies as for any military purpose , the Norman forces had to prepare for battle with a formidable Saxon army .
after devastating some local villages , perhaps as much to gain [more] supplies as for any military purpose , the norman forces had to prepare for battle with a formidable saxon army .

Apart from the problems of provisioning they brought additional difficulties .
apart from the problems of provisioning they brought [more] difficulties .

When Stephen Shoesmith and the labourers of Bexhill were refused additional payments by the Battle justices in 1821 , they stormed the George Hotel to press their demands .
when stephen shoesmith and the labourers of bexhill were refused [more] payments by the battle justices in 1821 , they stormed the george hotel to press their demands .

‘ We hope the lottery will provide additional income . ’
‘ we hope the lottery will provide [more] income . ’

and an additional amount for ‘ Stocks ’ by virtue of her fleeting partnership with someone called Grant .
and an [more] amount for ‘ stocks ’ by virtue of her fleeting partnership with someone called grant .

Not only was the boy outnumbered in this predominantly female household — he had the additional problem of having to contend with a rather cumbersome and unusual first Christian name : Marwood James Henry Titford had presumably been named as such by way of homage to the vicar of Curry Rivel , the Rev .
not only was the boy outnumbered in this predominantly female household — he had the [more] problem of having to contend with a rather cumbersome and unusual first christian name : marwood james henry titford had presumably been named as such by way of homage to the vicar of curry rivel , the rev .

He is also extremely wealthy , and personally worth an additional Pounds 50m , thanks to the cash he raked in during the roaring 80s .
he is also extremely wealthy , and personally worth an [more] pounds 50m , thanks to the cash he raked in during the roaring 80s .

Once such a formulation is proposed then it can of course be applied to other phenomena ( other than those originally used ) and these are explained as additional instances of the abstractions that have been established .
once such a formulation is proposed then it can of course be applied to other phenomena ( other than those originally used ) and these are explained as [more] instances of the abstractions that have been established .

And perhaps they suffice to demonstrate , in a rudimentary way , how the arrangements and alterations of grammar provide additional specification to lexical associations so that the words can relate more precisely to features of context , including those features which are incorporated into the knowledge of the language users themselves .
and perhaps they suffice to demonstrate , in a rudimentary way , how the arrangements and alterations of grammar provide [more] specification to lexical associations so that the words can relate more precisely to features of context , including those features which are incorporated into the knowledge of the language users themselves .

Interpretation of the passage is thereby facilitated and one can use it selectively to pick up additional information to extend the schema — that the reaction referred to is known as saponification , for example .
interpretation of the passage is thereby facilitated and one can use it selectively to pick up [more] information to extend the schema — that the reaction referred to is known as saponification , for example .

Anyone with the additional skill of a second European language will find that the picture is far from bleak .
anyone with the [more] skill of a second european language will find that the picture is far from bleak .

And since many credit card issuers have introduced an annual charge of around £8 to £12 , it may not be worth getting a credit card just to take on holiday , although there are additional benefits such as travel insurance if you use the card to buy your ticket .
and since many credit card issuers have introduced an annual charge of around £8 to £12 , it may not be worth getting a credit card just to take on holiday , although there are [more] benefits such as travel insurance if you use the card to buy your ticket .

From 1987 , companies ' gains were charged to corporation tax as if they were additional income of an accounting period .
from 1987 , companies ' gains were charged to corporation tax as if they were [more] income of an accounting period .

Since 1988 , individuals ' gains in excess of an annual exemption ( currently £5,800 ) have been taxed as if they were additional income .
since 1988 , individuals ' gains in excess of an annual exemption ( currently £5,800 ) have been taxed as if they were [more] income .

The illustrative programme of additional expenditure from January 1993 , set out in Appendix 1 of The Future of Our Qualification , does include programmes ‘ to enhance firms ' profitability ’ and ‘ to help firms translate audit regulation into a profitable opportunity ’ , but these activities account for only £210,000 of the total additional expenditure of almost £2m .
the illustrative programme of [more] expenditure from january 1993 , set out in appendix 1 of the future of our qualification , does include programmes ‘ to enhance firms ' profitability ’ and ‘ to help firms translate audit regulation into a profitable opportunity ’ , but these activities account for only £210,000 of the total [more] expenditure of almost £2m .

There is no reference to any additional expenditure on working to ensure a fairer system of legal liability .
there is no reference to any [more] expenditure on working to ensure a fairer system of legal liability .

An important additional factor , of course , is whether the items in question originally attracted tax relief .
an important [more] factor , of course , is whether the items in question originally attracted tax relief .

The 1991/92 accounts receive a clean audit report from Stoy Hayward without any additional comment .
the 1991/92 accounts receive a clean audit report from stoy hayward without any [more] comment .

In interpreting statutes , additional words should not be implied or introduced when the plain and natural meaning is clear .
in interpreting statutes , [more] words should not be implied or introduced when the plain and natural meaning is clear .

If he rules in favour of the Agency , it stands to collect from employers additional NICs estimated at nearly £50m .
if he rules in favour of the agency , it stands to collect from employers [more] nics estimated at nearly £50m .

Thus , if an individual shareholder sustained loss while relying on negligently prepared accounts , whether by selling or retaining shares or by purchasing additional shares , he or she was entitled to recover his or her loss .
thus , if an individual shareholder sustained loss while relying on negligently prepared accounts , whether by selling or retaining shares or by purchasing [more] shares , he or she was entitled to recover his or her loss .

Baldwin 's ( 1985 , p. 142 ) work on bringing up handicapped children indicates that grandparents often buy necessities such as food and clothing , and this can be vital to the finances of a household where having a handicapped child creates additional expense .
baldwin 's ( 1985 , p. 142 ) work on bringing up handicapped children indicates that grandparents often buy necessities such as food and clothing , and this can be vital to the finances of a household where having a handicapped child creates [more] expense .

The circumstances which have produced such patterns in some ways are similar to those in Britain in the past , namely in the early years after a migration , with the additional dimension that , in the case of migrants say from Pakistan , joint households are a familiar pattern and indeed often are larger than those established in Britain ( Saifullah Khan , 1977 ; Anwar , 1985 ) .
the circumstances which have produced such patterns in some ways are similar to those in britain in the past , namely in the early years after a migration , with the [more] dimension that , in the case of migrants say from pakistan , joint households are a familiar pattern and indeed often are larger than those established in britain ( saifullah khan , 1977 ; anwar , 1985 ) .

The third theme which emerges from historical studies is also concerned with maximizing resources and acknowledging obligations , but introduces an important additional perspective , namely time .
the third theme which emerges from historical studies is also concerned with maximizing resources and acknowledging obligations , but introduces an important [more] perspective , namely time .

And if a chapter on women and managers warranted the inclusion of an additional female contributor , why did the authors not include a chapter by People First on users ' views ?
and if a chapter on women and managers warranted the inclusion of an [more] female contributor , why did the authors not include a chapter by people first on users ' views ?

In such a situation , any additional mutation that blocks apoptosis will strongly promote survival of the affected cell and so allow its continued proliferation , mutation and carcinogenic evolution .
in such a situation , any [more] mutation that blocks apoptosis will strongly promote survival of the affected cell and so allow its continued proliferation , mutation and carcinogenic evolution .

At 14h of development , additional pax [ b ] expression is detected in the optic stalk , the otic placode , the nephritic primordium and in presumptive commissural interneurons along the hindbrain and the spinal cord .
at 14h of development , [more] pax [ b ] expression is detected in the optic stalk , the otic placode , the nephritic primordium and in presumptive commissural interneurons along the hindbrain and the spinal cord .

We have therefore sought additional analysis strategies that could make use of all the recorded data .
we have therefore sought [more] analysis strategies that could make use of all the recorded data .

amplitude distribution are essentially independent of the occurrence or spacing of peaks in amplitude histograms , and can provide additional information about release .
amplitude distribution are essentially independent of the occurrence or spacing of peaks in amplitude histograms , and can provide [more] information about release .

This increased temperature dependence can not be explained merely by additional carbon conduction , as graphite conduction is nearly independent of temperature .
this increased temperature dependence can not be explained merely by [more] carbon conduction , as graphite conduction is nearly independent of temperature .

An older discovery that has become significant is the taxon ‘ Proconsul ( Xenopithecus ) hamiltoni ’ described for a maxilla fragment from Lothidok Hill in northern Kenya , because the Eragaleit beds from which this fossil came ( together with some additional undescribed specimens ) have recently been dated at between 24.3 and 27.5Myr .
an older discovery that has become significant is the taxon ‘ proconsul ( xenopithecus ) hamiltoni ’ described for a maxilla fragment from lothidok hill in northern kenya , because the eragaleit beds from which this fossil came ( together with some [more] undescribed specimens ) have recently been dated at between 24.3 and 27.5myr .

If the maser radiation of the main features intersects dense , plasma-like , compact ionized regions , the stimulated Raman scattering in the plasma ( due to nonlinear interaction between the longitudinal and transverse waves ) is expected to produce additional waves with up- and down-shifted frequencies , which are separated by the plasma frequency from the original one .
if the maser radiation of the main features intersects dense , plasma-like , compact ionized regions , the stimulated raman scattering in the plasma ( due to nonlinear interaction between the longitudinal and transverse waves ) is expected to produce [more] waves with up- and down-shifted frequencies , which are separated by the plasma frequency from the original one .

Perhaps expansion of the foveal representation accommodates additional neural circuitry needed for the implementation of these processes .
perhaps expansion of the foveal representation accommodates [more] neural circuitry needed for the implementation of these processes .

First , evidence of additional periods of hot spring activity on each volcano may have been obscured by a cover of younger volcanic products .
first , evidence of [more] periods of hot spring activity on each volcano may have been obscured by a cover of younger volcanic products .

Additional evidence for the importance of mutation accumulation has come from experiments where artificial selection has proceeded by restricting breeding to young adults , releasing the late part of the life history from natural selection , an approach originally proposed by Edney and Gill .
[more] evidence for the importance of mutation accumulation has come from experiments where artificial selection has proceeded by restricting breeding to young adults , releasing the late part of the life history from natural selection , an approach originally proposed by edney and gill .

How , for example , can a debate be generated within expansionist prison systems about the merits of seeking additional funds for capital expenditure ?
how , for example , can a debate be generated within expansionist prison systems about the merits of seeking [more] funds for capital expenditure ?

By providing the prosecutor with additional information about the defendant , the scheme seeks , in appropriate cases , to suggest alternatives to prosecution .
by providing the prosecutor with [more] information about the defendant , the scheme seeks , in appropriate cases , to suggest alternatives to prosecution .

The Bail Information Schemes being developed in England and Wales also provide the prosecutor with additional information that might reduce requests for custodial remands .
the bail information schemes being developed in england and wales also provide the prosecutor with [more] information that might reduce requests for custodial remands .

Some of those held on remand will be found not guilty and a significant proportion do not receive custodial sentences when their case is finally heard — points not lost on the government , which is investing in additional bail hostels , special bail information schemes run by the probation service and , more controversially , pilot schemes malting use of electronic ‘ tagging ’ equipment ; these are all ways , it is hoped , to reduce what many see as an unnecessary and wasteful use of prison resources .
some of those held on remand will be found not guilty and a significant proportion do not receive custodial sentences when their case is finally heard — points not lost on the government , which is investing in [more] bail hostels , special bail information schemes run by the probation service and , more controversially , pilot schemes malting use of electronic ‘ tagging ’ equipment ; these are all ways , it is hoped , to reduce what many see as an unnecessary and wasteful use of prison resources .

Together with a programme of expansion and refurbishment at existing prisons there will be an additional capacity of 21,000 places .
together with a programme of expansion and refurbishment at existing prisons there will be an [more] capacity of 21,000 places .

Thanet wing attracts additional staff to Maidstone Prison , especially for the Psychology Department , of which more will be said later .
thanet wing attracts [more] staff to maidstone prison , especially for the psychology department , of which more will be said later .

He was at least partly associated with the decision to introduce ‘ hard labour ’ into prisons , but far from providing regular , steady discipline and useful work it became drudgery of the hardest and most servile kind , a hated example of the additional pains of imprisonment .
he was at least partly associated with the decision to introduce ‘ hard labour ’ into prisons , but far from providing regular , steady discipline and useful work it became drudgery of the hardest and most servile kind , a hated example of the [more] pains of imprisonment .

An additional problem that has dogged personality theories is that of tautology ; if the categories are to mean anything , they must not be identified only by the fact that the people who fall into them tend to commit crimes .
an [more] problem that has dogged personality theories is that of tautology ; if the categories are to mean anything , they must not be identified only by the fact that the people who fall into them tend to commit crimes .

An additional kind of refusal was provided by the activities of the various civil rights movements , starting with blacks , then incorporating gay and women 's liberation .
an [more] kind of refusal was provided by the activities of the various civil rights movements , starting with blacks , then incorporating gay and women 's liberation .

In the earlier book he had proposed an additional reversion to classical principles : that the focus of attention be switched back from the criminal to the crime .
in the earlier book he had proposed an [more] reversion to classical principles : that the focus of attention be switched back from the criminal to the crime .

The offer of some greater good in the future , however , is not usually sufficient to guarantee our belief in present conformity , and it is in this connection that we must introduce an additional need : the need for a sense of fairness , or justice .
the offer of some greater good in the future , however , is not usually sufficient to guarantee our belief in present conformity , and it is in this connection that we must introduce an [more] need : the need for a sense of fairness , or justice .

All parents need support at different points in their parenting careers , but parents with learning difficulties are frequently beset by additional problems .
all parents need support at different points in their parenting careers , but parents with learning difficulties are frequently beset by [more] problems .

The plans for each session are clearly laid out and various learning strategies are suggested : discussion ; brainstorming ; role play ( with additional situation cards ) ; exercises ; reflection .
the plans for each session are clearly laid out and various learning strategies are suggested : discussion ; brainstorming ; role play ( with [more] situation cards ) ; exercises ; reflection .

per additional kWh to domestic users after the War , and ½d .
per [more] kwh to domestic users after the war , and ½d .

Only a few months after vesting day , they were still wrestling with the enormous problems of reorganisation and the standardisation of the many different electricity tariffs they had inherited : this additional burden seemed to them too much .
only a few months after vesting day , they were still wrestling with the enormous problems of reorganisation and the standardisation of the many different electricity tariffs they had inherited : this [more] burden seemed to them too much .

While they were being asked to trim investment , the Government 's own policies were creating additional needs for investment in electricity distribution : airfields and other new defence installations for the Korean mobilisation , for example , required new electricity mains , as did the new housing estates which were a vital part of Labour 's drive for electoral popularity .
while they were being asked to trim investment , the government 's own policies were creating [more] needs for investment in electricity distribution : airfields and other new defence installations for the korean mobilisation , for example , required new electricity mains , as did the new housing estates which were a vital part of labour 's drive for electoral popularity .

Here they attempted to persuade consumers not to install additional appliances which would overload the mains : where they failed in this , breakdowns inevitably followed .
here they attempted to persuade consumers not to install [more] appliances which would overload the mains : where they failed in this , breakdowns inevitably followed .

The capital charges typically incurred by the Boards on new domestic connections were as much as £1 per quarter , while many consumers ( especially new ones ) paid little more than this ( and thus insufficient to cover the additional costs of supplying current ) in the early years .
the capital charges typically incurred by the boards on new domestic connections were as much as £1 per quarter , while many consumers ( especially new ones ) paid little more than this ( and thus insufficient to cover the [more] costs of supplying current ) in the early years .

The Boards directed their marketing policy to the same expansionary end as their electricity tariffs : trying to sell those appliances — particularly cookers and water heaters — which used additional large quantities of electricity .
the boards directed their marketing policy to the same expansionary end as their electricity tariffs : trying to sell those appliances — particularly cookers and water heaters — which used [more] large quantities of electricity .

Since incremental kWh charges were also increased only in step with the bulk running charge , the Boards were in effect making no charge for any additional capacity necessary to meet the increased domestic sales over that ten-year period .
since incremental kwh charges were also increased only in step with the bulk running charge , the boards were in effect making no charge for any [more] capacity necessary to meet the increased domestic sales over that ten-year period .

The finance ministry 's ideas for additional savings do little to inspire confidence .
the finance ministry 's ideas for [more] savings do little to inspire confidence .

What you miss is the additional instability emanating from the treaty itself .
what you miss is the [more] instability emanating from the treaty itself .

If Hoover 's decision to move a couple of hundred jobs from Dijon to Scotland was enough to provoke an uproar , imagine the corrosive effect on political support for the Single European Act of additional competitive devaluations .
if hoover 's decision to move a couple of hundred jobs from dijon to scotland was enough to provoke an uproar , imagine the corrosive effect on political support for the single european act of [more] competitive devaluations .

But Mr Clinton had an additional burden ; he came to power at what would have been a singularly difficult moment for any American president .
but mr clinton had an [more] burden ; he came to power at what would have been a singularly difficult moment for any american president .

‘ Old ’ Democrats are going to have to get used to the fact that there is not enough money for the huge array of new programmes they want ( especially if health care reform costs an additional $ 100 billion , as it may ) .
‘ old ’ democrats are going to have to get used to the fact that there is not enough money for the huge array of new programmes they want ( especially if health care reform costs an [more] $ 100 billion , as it may ) .

Cargoes taken to and from the East were carried in specially built ships , which were among the largest contemporary merchantmen , the East Indiamen , and the officers ' places in these ships were an additional source of private patronage for those politicians who enjoyed influence with the owners of the ships , for it was the owners , not the Company , who appointed the commander and mates of East Indiamen .
cargoes taken to and from the east were carried in specially built ships , which were among the largest contemporary merchantmen , the east indiamen , and the officers ' places in these ships were an [more] source of private patronage for those politicians who enjoyed influence with the owners of the ships , for it was the owners , not the company , who appointed the commander and mates of east indiamen .

The commander of a ship , however , had additional perquisites which added to the value of his appointment , for it has been claimed that he could make as much as £1,500 in a single voyage from the fares paid by passengers , while he even had the right to sell for his own profit at the end of the voyage the dunnage , that is the bamboos and rattans employed to keep the cargo from shifting .
the commander of a ship , however , had [more] perquisites which added to the value of his appointment , for it has been claimed that he could make as much as £1,500 in a single voyage from the fares paid by passengers , while he even had the right to sell for his own profit at the end of the voyage the dunnage , that is the bamboos and rattans employed to keep the cargo from shifting .

The political state made it clear that Robert Dundas would win his election if two additional nominal voters could be placed upon the roll , but the whole scheme would of course come to nothing should he lose any of his voters , or if Mr. Glassford would not also divide his valuation and make a second vote .
the political state made it clear that robert dundas would win his election if two [more] nominal voters could be placed upon the roll , but the whole scheme would of course come to nothing should he lose any of his voters , or if mr. glassford would not also divide his valuation and make a second vote .

Politically , the office of postmaster had additional value , for much of the minor patronage was filled by the Treasury upon the first significant application , and here timely notification of a death , or a serious illness , was essential .
politically , the office of postmaster had [more] value , for much of the minor patronage was filled by the treasury upon the first significant application , and here timely notification of a death , or a serious illness , was essential .

The minister was told plainly that ‘ the election of a member of parliament , and other publick services , has drawn me into a great deall of expence , and no small trouble … ’ The return expected for his political friendship was an additional post to augment his salary , and one advantage of a sheriffship was that it could be combined with another small office in the same district .
the minister was told plainly that ‘ the election of a member of parliament , and other publick services , has drawn me into a great deall of expence , and no small trouble … ’ the return expected for his political friendship was an [more] post to augment his salary , and one advantage of a sheriffship was that it could be combined with another small office in the same district .

Influence over the machinery of the law could give a politician additional means of gratifying friends and intimidating enemies , for a word in the right place could greatly ease the problems of those who came into conflict with the laws .
influence over the machinery of the law could give a politician [more] means of gratifying friends and intimidating enemies , for a word in the right place could greatly ease the problems of those who came into conflict with the laws .

It is too simplistic to suggest that by offering improved opportunities in a less restrictive setting , individuals with often severe learning difficulties , frequently additional disabilities , and histories of damaging experiences , will thereby have access to improved , more satisfying life-styles .
it is too simplistic to suggest that by offering improved opportunities in a less restrictive setting , individuals with often severe learning difficulties , frequently [more] disabilities , and histories of damaging experiences , will thereby have access to improved , more satisfying life-styles .

After exposure , the plate was developed conventionally to form a negative , then reversed by an additional bath of potassium permanganate and sulphuric acid to form a positive .
after exposure , the plate was developed conventionally to form a negative , then reversed by an [more] bath of potassium permanganate and sulphuric acid to form a positive .

Sometimes centres were able to relieve any additional pressure on staff by allocating the equivalent of two places to one child .
sometimes centres were able to relieve any [more] pressure on staff by allocating the equivalent of two places to one child .

From 1985 onwards a number of additional formidable barriers to progress towards a coherent , integrated under-fives policy began to emerge .
from 1985 onwards a number of [more] formidable barriers to progress towards a coherent , integrated under-fives policy began to emerge .

Alternative or additional funding has been sought from social services departments ( non-Strategy ) , health authorities , education departments , Children in Need , trusts , and by fundraising .
alternative or [more] funding has been sought from social services departments ( non-strategy ) , health authorities , education departments , children in need , trusts , and by fundraising .

However , the access route to our college for these students with additional difficulties seems likely to be long and winding , requiring commitment not only from staff such as myself , but also from those senior staff who are the policy-makers and who control the purse strings .
however , the access route to our college for these students with [more] difficulties seems likely to be long and winding , requiring commitment not only from staff such as myself , but also from those senior staff who are the policy-makers and who control the purse strings .

Some parents ' reaction to the diagnosis is nullified by the additional diagnosis of some life-threatening physical condition such as meningitis or a heart defect , which to them is more distressing .
some parents ' reaction to the diagnosis is nullified by the [more] diagnosis of some life-threatening physical condition such as meningitis or a heart defect , which to them is more distressing .

Tom had recently been referred by his mainstream school to the psychological Service for assessment under the 1981 Act because teachers felt they should receive additional support for Tom 's periods in mainstream school .
tom had recently been referred by his mainstream school to the psychological service for assessment under the 1981 act because teachers felt they should receive [more] support for tom 's periods in mainstream school .

One additional benefit of adjustable string tension is that it can allow tightening to compensate for natural string slackening .
one [more] benefit of adjustable string tension is that it can allow tightening to compensate for natural string slackening .

So why should he require this additional radio , especially when he had access to — and was probably the only user of — the much superior radio in his radio-room ?
so why should he require this [more] radio , especially when he had access to — and was probably the only user of — the much superior radio in his radio-room ?

In the present climate it appears that for teachers to be thinking about their own educational ideals is at the very least a waste of time , and more than likely an additional source of upset .
in the present climate it appears that for teachers to be thinking about their own educational ideals is at the very least a waste of time , and more than likely an [more] source of upset .

The extra time and support that are necessary ( a ) to perform jobs that are pressing at the limits of personal and material resources , and ( b ) to invest in learning how to do them better , or to assemble additional resources , so that the time taken to perform them is reduced , are not available .
the extra time and support that are necessary ( a ) to perform jobs that are pressing at the limits of personal and material resources , and ( b ) to invest in learning how to do them better , or to assemble [more] resources , so that the time taken to perform them is reduced , are not available .

There is an additional complication to this picture which is the increasing effect of demand over time .
there is an [more] complication to this picture which is the increasing effect of demand over time .

And senior teachers , especially heads , have the additional option of the flight into bureaucracy , or into the development of a national reputation for something or other , that enables them to spend considerable time away from school at important meetings .
and senior teachers , especially heads , have the [more] option of the flight into bureaucracy , or into the development of a national reputation for something or other , that enables them to spend considerable time away from school at important meetings .

The hiding strategies themselves produce additional effects that are unwanted and unpleasant , and which may add to the net level of discomfort rather than reducing it .
the hiding strategies themselves produce [more] effects that are unwanted and unpleasant , and which may add to the net level of discomfort rather than reducing it .

Yet they equally commonly affirm the observation that by taking on additional ‘ jobs ’ from which they derive real enjoyment and satisfaction , their energy and resources seem , paradoxically , to be replenished rather than further drained .
yet they equally commonly affirm the observation that by taking on [more] ‘ jobs ’ from which they derive real enjoyment and satisfaction , their energy and resources seem , paradoxically , to be replenished rather than further drained .

Affirmations are an additional technique for decreasing the power that the injunctions wield in making people 's lives a misery .
affirmations are an [more] technique for decreasing the power that the injunctions wield in making people 's lives a misery .

The banning of petrol tankers and ships transporting chemical products from the lagoon to remove the risk of the ecological disaster an accident might cause and to allow additional measures to be taken to restore the hydrogeological balance .
the banning of petrol tankers and ships transporting chemical products from the lagoon to remove the risk of the ecological disaster an accident might cause and to allow [more] measures to be taken to restore the hydrogeological balance .

When Mapplethorpe asked for the objects to be returned , Bell and his staff presented him with a letter purported to be in Wagstaff 's hand , extending the loan period an additional five years .
when mapplethorpe asked for the objects to be returned , bell and his staff presented him with a letter purported to be in wagstaff 's hand , extending the loan period an [more] five years .

Mr Molland was like all the unpleasant masters at school rolled into one , with the additional drawback of a dog collar round his neck .
mr molland was like all the unpleasant masters at school rolled into one , with the [more] drawback of a dog collar round his neck .

The second half of the book identifies suitable materials and yarns which can be utilised with additional ideas and tips for designing and finishing woven items .
the second half of the book identifies suitable materials and yarns which can be utilised with [more] ideas and tips for designing and finishing woven items .

Some dealers do supply second-hand computers which they have taken in part exchange and these may have the additional advantage of a short guarantee .
some dealers do supply second-hand computers which they have taken in part exchange and these may have the [more] advantage of a short guarantee .

We are concerned only with the additional light which this part of Anselm 's thought and action throws on the man himself , and here a number of features deserve attention .
we are concerned only with the [more] light which this part of anselm 's thought and action throws on the man himself , and here a number of features deserve attention .

The release of additional space has allowed 150 rarely seen works to be brought out of store , restored and with contemporary frames intact .
the release of [more] space has allowed 150 rarely seen works to be brought out of store , restored and with contemporary frames intact .

The 1633 ‘ Uyttenbogaert ’ fits that bill with the additional advantages of being both a representation of an important figure in Dutch religious history ( although the Rijksmuseum already has a portrait of him by Rembrandt 's contemporary Jacob Backer ) and universally accepted as authentic by the members of the Rembrandt Research Project , some of whom are Rijksmuseum curators .
the 1633 ‘ uyttenbogaert ’ fits that bill with the [more] advantages of being both a representation of an important figure in dutch religious history ( although the rijksmuseum already has a portrait of him by rembrandt 's contemporary jacob backer ) and universally accepted as authentic by the members of the rembrandt research project , some of whom are rijksmuseum curators .

For this reason additional funds were voted last year for the city .
for this reason [more] funds were voted last year for the city .

Additional proposals include setting up an emergency fund to save buildings or sites for the nation and another for historic gardens ( two proposals which have met with approval ) , and cutting back on conservation grants , principally repair grants made to local authorities , amounting to £9.5 million annually , half of which has been on a pound-for-pound basis .
[more] proposals include setting up an emergency fund to save buildings or sites for the nation and another for historic gardens ( two proposals which have met with approval ) , and cutting back on conservation grants , principally repair grants made to local authorities , amounting to £9.5 million annually , half of which has been on a pound-for-pound basis .

At a time when local authorities are cutting back on services , many may reject this additional financial responsibility .
at a time when local authorities are cutting back on services , many may reject this [more] financial responsibility .

With Michael Wilson , the gallery 's Head of Exhibitions , she has made the selection of more than forty paintings and thirty-four graphic works , and written the catalogue ( £25 h/b , £12.95 p/b ) which contains additional essays by other leading Munch scholars .
with michael wilson , the gallery 's head of exhibitions , she has made the selection of more than forty paintings and thirty-four graphic works , and written the catalogue ( £25 h/b , £12.95 p/b ) which contains [more] essays by other leading munch scholars .

The 1991 album ‘ Yerself Is Steam ’ is packaged with a free additional disc , titled ‘ Lego My Ego ’ , carrying four John Peel session tracks , the Jungle single ‘ Carwash Hair ’ , a cover of Sly Stone 's ‘ If You Want Me To Stay ’ originally issued through Rough Trade .
the 1991 album ‘ yerself is steam ’ is packaged with a free [more] disc , titled ‘ lego my ego ’ , carrying four john peel session tracks , the jungle single ‘ carwash hair ’ , a cover of sly stone 's ‘ if you want me to stay ’ originally issued through rough trade .

Essential for ‘ Chemical Imbalance ’ alone , their first freaky 45 which has an additional vocal by wild woman Lorri Jackson .
essential for ‘ chemical imbalance ’ alone , their first freaky 45 which has an [more] vocal by wild woman lorri jackson .

The abolition of national service , Commonwealth immigration , the entry into the labour market of the ‘ baby boom ’ generation , and the increasing numbers of married women remaining in or returning to work all provided additional supplies of labour .
the abolition of national service , commonwealth immigration , the entry into the labour market of the ‘ baby boom ’ generation , and the increasing numbers of married women remaining in or returning to work all provided [more] supplies of labour .

Because private-pension wealth is much more widely spread across the population than are realizable assets , and state-pension wealth is divided among all citizens , the inclusion of these two additional types of assets in a calculation of wealth distribution changes the overall picture drastically .
because private-pension wealth is much more widely spread across the population than are realizable assets , and state-pension wealth is divided among all citizens , the inclusion of these two [more] types of assets in a calculation of wealth distribution changes the overall picture drastically .

Additional support came from Freixenet Cordon Negro , Mizuno , Wilson and Nike .
[more] support came from freixenet cordon negro , mizuno , wilson and nike .

Only time will tell whether the Lawn Tennis Association will receive an additional benefit to those already being reaped at its National Training Centre at Bisham , following its acquisition of former Wimbledon finalist Olga Morozova to its staff .
only time will tell whether the lawn tennis association will receive an [more] benefit to those already being reaped at its national training centre at bisham , following its acquisition of former wimbledon finalist olga morozova to its staff .

Unfortunately , tennis is a very expensive game and the cost of shoes and rackets is substantial , but an additional £5 fee to be paid to the association for registration is hardly going to deter someone from seeking match play .
unfortunately , tennis is a very expensive game and the cost of shoes and rackets is substantial , but an [more] £5 fee to be paid to the association for registration is hardly going to deter someone from seeking match play .

Meanwhile , the cancelled shows at Cambridge , Birmingham and London have been rescheduled for January , along with a number of additional dates .
meanwhile , the cancelled shows at cambridge , birmingham and london have been rescheduled for january , along with a number of [more] dates .

We had all been promised that the National Lottery money would be additional to what we receive and that there would been linkage to the funds we will obtain if all goes well and the Lottery Bill goes through Parliament in the next few months .
we had all been promised that the national lottery money would be [more] to what we receive and that there would been linkage to the funds we will obtain if all goes well and the lottery bill goes through parliament in the next few months .

The additional buildings allocated to accommodate the museum 's auxiliary services require money for expensive reconstruction work , as does the completion of the Technical Support complex construction of which began in the mid-'80s .
the [more] buildings allocated to accommodate the museum 's auxiliary services require money for expensive reconstruction work , as does the completion of the technical support complex construction of which began in the mid-'80s .

Picon also admits quietly that he would like to construct additional galleries above the current restaurant space .
picon also admits quietly that he would like to construct [more] galleries above the current restaurant space .

Before this can be put into effect however , the Society must raise $ 110,000 just to keep its library open until 1 June , and must come up with an additional $ 2.5 million to cover a bare-boned operation from June 1993 to June 1994 .
before this can be put into effect however , the society must raise $ 110,000 just to keep its library open until 1 june , and must come up with an [more] $ 2.5 million to cover a bare-boned operation from june 1993 to june 1994 .

It includes for the first time in one volume additional indexes for porcelain painters , enamellers and silhouettists , incorporating the work of artists up to the present day .
it includes for the first time in one volume [more] indexes for porcelain painters , enamellers and silhouettists , incorporating the work of artists up to the present day .

On Sunday there is an additional train for grown ups who perhaps want an opportunity to celebrate in a seasonal way but without the children .
on sunday there is an [more] train for grown ups who perhaps want an opportunity to celebrate in a seasonal way but without the children .

An additional £200,000 per annum is being sought but the Gallery needs £550,000 to cover its costs fully .
an [more] £200,000 per annum is being sought but the gallery needs £550,000 to cover its costs fully .

The criterion governing the choice has been that which has directed Ortiz 's own collecting : aesthetic quality , with the additional requirement that the works of art should be representative of the best of their culture .
the criterion governing the choice has been that which has directed ortiz 's own collecting : aesthetic quality , with the [more] requirement that the works of art should be representative of the best of their culture .

This month the Peter Tillou gallery ( which opened at 39 Duke Street in 1989 and exhibited at the Grosvenor House Fair in 1992 ) inaugurates an additional gallery in the former premises of Leggatt Bros. ( 17 Duke Street ) .
this month the peter tillou gallery ( which opened at 39 duke street in 1989 and exhibited at the grosvenor house fair in 1992 ) inaugurates an [more] gallery in the former premises of leggatt bros. ( 17 duke street ) .

Some papers are also surface-sized , which prevents bleeding or additional absorption .
some papers are also surface-sized , which prevents bleeding or [more] absorption .

The annual Laing Art Competition and Exhibition , with total prize money of £15,000 plus five additional prizes of £1,000 and 10 regional prizes of £500 will take place at the Mall Galleries , London from April 30 to May 6 .
the annual laing art competition and exhibition , with total prize money of £15,000 plus five [more] prizes of £1,000 and 10 regional prizes of £500 will take place at the mall galleries , london from april 30 to may 6 .

Workbook , containing additional exercises for use in class or at home .
workbook , containing [more] exercises for use in class or at home .

As all teachers know — if the class is happy , then so is the teacher . But additional features make Chatterbox a winner with teachers are :
as all teachers know — if the class is happy , then so is the teacher . but [more] features make chatterbox a winner with teachers are :

Designed to be a complete teaching package , Fanfare does not need to be supplemented by any additional material .
designed to be a complete teaching package , fanfare does not need to be supplemented by any [more] material .

Each level is accompanied by a Teacher 's Book which includes , for each chapter , a description of the teaching aims of the chapter , vocabulary which may need to be pre-taught , notes on the presentation , grammar and exercise sections , ideas for additional activities and answers to the exercises .
each level is accompanied by a teacher 's book which includes , for each chapter , a description of the teaching aims of the chapter , vocabulary which may need to be pre-taught , notes on the presentation , grammar and exercise sections , ideas for [more] activities and answers to the exercises .

The Teacher 's Book contains additional ideas on how best to exploit the Student 's Book , photocopiable progress tests , tapescripts , and a key to the exercises in the Workbook .
the teacher 's book contains [more] ideas on how best to exploit the student 's book , photocopiable progress tests , tapescripts , and a key to the exercises in the workbook .

An additional feature of the course is the self-access grammar reference section at the back of the Student 's Book .
an [more] feature of the course is the self-access grammar reference section at the back of the student 's book .

Additional listening exercises are included on the cassettes for Grades 1 & 2 .
[more] listening exercises are included on the cassettes for grades 1 & 2 .

The Workbooks contain a wealth of additional exercises and practice material .
the workbooks contain a wealth of [more] exercises and practice material .

Workbook , containing additional exercises and practice material .
workbook , containing [more] exercises and practice material .

The Cassettes at Grades 1 and 2 also include additional listening exercises .
the cassettes at grades 1 and 2 also include [more] listening exercises .

You can use the Options in class whenever you need additional activities , games , and puzzles to keep some of the class busy and happy while you give help to the students who need it most .
you can use the options in class whenever you need [more] activities , games , and puzzles to keep some of the class busy and happy while you give help to the students who need it most .

Audio Cassette , with additional songs and pronunciation activities
audio cassette , with [more] songs and pronunciation activities

In the expansive period post-1823 some local groups paid due heed to rank and influence in society ; Beverley , for example , had different levels of subscription and those prepared and able to provide a sizeable financial stake were guaranteed additional influence : ‘ Subscribers of 10s.6d .
in the expansive period post-1823 some local groups paid due heed to rank and influence in society ; beverley , for example , had different levels of subscription and those prepared and able to provide a sizeable financial stake were guaranteed [more] influence : ‘ subscribers of 10s.6d .

Important additional sustenance for this cohesive ‘ myth ’ of antislavery came in the deployment by abolitionists of their own history prior to the main drive for emancipation .
important [more] sustenance for this cohesive ‘ myth ’ of antislavery came in the deployment by abolitionists of their own history prior to the main drive for emancipation .

Nor did he mean what he and Barth had joined in attacking in Schleiermacher and Liberal Theology ( Brunner being indeed far sharper and harsher against Schleiermacher than Barth ever was : Barth used to insist that only one who was capable of loving Schleiermacher was entitled to criticise him ) , namely the supplementing of the revelation of God in Jesus Christ by additional sources of a more general religious or ethical kind .
nor did he mean what he and barth had joined in attacking in schleiermacher and liberal theology ( brunner being indeed far sharper and harsher against schleiermacher than barth ever was : barth used to insist that only one who was capable of loving schleiermacher was entitled to criticise him ) , namely the supplementing of the revelation of god in jesus christ by [more] sources of a more general religious or ethical kind .

Although in nature the feeding pattern of Etroplus suratensis is markedly herbivorous , in captivity the pattern is omnivorous , greedily devouring all of the usual cichlid foods ie. beef-heart , mussel , bloodworm , shrimp and pond pellets with the occasional lettuce thrown in for additional roughage .
although in nature the feeding pattern of etroplus suratensis is markedly herbivorous , in captivity the pattern is omnivorous , greedily devouring all of the usual cichlid foods ie. beef-heart , mussel , bloodworm , shrimp and pond pellets with the occasional lettuce thrown in for [more] roughage .

In each case , Tab and Dez remain constant ( though secondary Tabs may change ) and the movement is simple ; but in the one case the movement produces no additional spatial information while in the other the spatial information changes at the end of the sign .
in each case , tab and dez remain constant ( though secondary tabs may change ) and the movement is simple ; but in the one case the movement produces no [more] spatial information while in the other the spatial information changes at the end of the sign .

In this case , however , the results could be interpreted in keeping with an ‘ English gloss ’ mediation and with the effects of additional length of lists .
in this case , however , the results could be interpreted in keeping with an ‘ english gloss ’ mediation and with the effects of [more] length of lists .

Green and Shepherd ( 1975 ) used the Semantic Differential ( a technique to examine how meaning is assigned to concepts ) to show that deaf children share major dimensions of meaning with hearing children but lack a factor concerning abstract meaning and have an additional one of sensory judgements based on vision and touch .
green and shepherd ( 1975 ) used the semantic differential ( a technique to examine how meaning is assigned to concepts ) to show that deaf children share major dimensions of meaning with hearing children but lack a factor concerning abstract meaning and have an [more] one of sensory judgements based on vision and touch .

This creates additional problems of target language suitability , problems which have yet to be solved .
this creates [more] problems of target language suitability , problems which have yet to be solved .

It is only where there are additional or multiple handicaps that signing or fingerspelling should be considered , because in these cases there is an identifiable ‘ syndrome ’ preventing language acquisition .
it is only where there are [more] or multiple handicaps that signing or fingerspelling should be considered , because in these cases there is an identifiable ‘ syndrome ’ preventing language acquisition .

Lack of speech development in deaf children becomes a function not of their lack of experience of spoken sound , but of additional handicap .
lack of speech development in deaf children becomes a function not of their lack of experience of spoken sound , but of [more] handicap .

He attacks oralism as an additional depriving agent since it insists on having no further stimulation other than speech , when it is the language stimulation which is most important not the modality of stimulation .
he attacks oralism as an [more] depriving agent since it insists on having no further stimulation other than speech , when it is the language stimulation which is most important not the modality of stimulation .

The problems of learning an additional system for parents are put to one side in stressing this need for early interaction .
the problems of learning an [more] system for parents are put to one side in stressing this need for early interaction .

It is a description of a logical response to impaired communication in any ‘ channel ’ by the use of additional channels .
it is a description of a logical response to impaired communication in any ‘ channel ’ by the use of [more] channels .

It would be foolish to see the outcome as additional pressure , or as a thesis that only a single method should be available .
it would be foolish to see the outcome as [more] pressure , or as a thesis that only a single method should be available .

Transfer to the main garden in spring , when additional sowings can be made .
transfer to the main garden in spring , when [more] sowings can be made .

No such additional work shall be taken as implied agreement to , or modification of , the individual contract , nor shall such additional work , however widespread among teachers , be taken as implied variation of the terms of this agreement .
no such [more] work shall be taken as implied agreement to , or modification of , the individual contract , nor shall such [more] work , however widespread among teachers , be taken as implied variation of the terms of this agreement .

Of course the additional work which such an outward-going policy requires will make demands upon the teacher 's time .
of course the [more] work which such an outward-going policy requires will make demands upon the teacher 's time .

Reacting to such problems ( and the suicide mentioned above was one of three encountered in my period of headship ) has proved to be a heavy additional burden to many teachers .
reacting to such problems ( and the suicide mentioned above was one of three encountered in my period of headship ) has proved to be a heavy [more] burden to many teachers .

Those responsible for initial teacher training can not hope to find time or personnel for the additional input which would be required .
those responsible for initial teacher training can not hope to find time or personnel for the [more] input which would be required .

a child 's needs are such as to require provision additional to or otherwise different from the facilities and resources generally available in ordinary schools in the area under normal arrangements .
a child 's needs are such as to require provision [more] to or otherwise different from the facilities and resources generally available in ordinary schools in the area under normal arrangements .

An additional difficulty arises when special needs children are taken onto the roll of a primary school before appropriate adaptations have been made to the school building .
an [more] difficulty arises when special needs children are taken onto the roll of a primary school before appropriate adaptations have been made to the school building .

Using the parent body as a means of raising additional finance .
using the parent body as a means of raising [more] finance .

The usual compromise is that there should be problem-orientated sub-teams but with additional support available from discipline-orientated specialists .
the usual compromise is that there should be problem-orientated sub-teams but with [more] support available from discipline-orientated specialists .

These are similar to flow process charts except that no standard symbols are used , the chart is simply a list of the actions the operator takes but there may well be additional columns referring to the events which occur and the consequent information which appears .
these are similar to flow process charts except that no standard symbols are used , the chart is simply a list of the actions the operator takes but there may well be [more] columns referring to the events which occur and the consequent information which appears .

Designers of computer based support for thinking beyond the level of merely providing additional information will hopefully begin to simultaneously use and develop these ideas .
designers of computer based support for thinking beyond the level of merely providing [more] information will hopefully begin to simultaneously use and develop these ideas .

If the student demonstrated by his choices that he did not fully understand a particular point then the programme could send him round an additional explanatory loop .
if the student demonstrated by his choices that he did not fully understand a particular point then the programme could send him round an [more] explanatory loop .

His status by that time had taken on an additional dimension : ‘ When Johnson battered a white man to his knees , he was a symbolic black man taking out his revenge on all whites for a lifetime of indignities ’ ( Gillmore , 1975 , p.5 ) .
his status by that time had taken on an [more] dimension : ‘ when johnson battered a white man to his knees , he was a symbolic black man taking out his revenge on all whites for a lifetime of indignities ’ ( gillmore , 1975 , p.5 ) .

This chance is 1 % for a quick look , then a re-roll each extra Turn with an additional 1 % ( cumulative ) chance of something hostile turning up .
this chance is 1 % for a quick look , then a re-roll each extra turn with an [more] 1 % ( cumulative ) chance of something hostile turning up .

It must be unlocked , and then the key ( or lockpick ) turned one additional turn in the lock , to disarm this trap .
it must be unlocked , and then the key ( or lockpick ) turned one [more] turn in the lock , to disarm this trap .

These Skeletons have a dangerous additional combat ability .
these skeletons have a dangerous [more] combat ability .

Findings based on very limited evidence can not be regarded as being firmly established and need to be verified by means of additional observations and cases .
findings based on very limited evidence can not be regarded as being firmly established and need to be verified by means of [more] observations and cases .

Although it might be thought that it would be difficult to capture the phenomenon of union growth across a number of countries on the basis of a single behavioural equation of this kind without making allowances for additional socio-political factors , or resorting to ad hoc explanations for individual countries , in fact the model performs surprisingly well .
although it might be thought that it would be difficult to capture the phenomenon of union growth across a number of countries on the basis of a single behavioural equation of this kind without making allowances for [more] socio-political factors , or resorting to ad hoc explanations for individual countries , in fact the model performs surprisingly well .

Also , in parallel with the United States , the influence of public policy seems to have been an additional factor of some importance since it has been observed that the policy of the occupying powers after 1947 probably strengthened the tendency to form enterprise-based unions rather than alternative structures for bargaining purposes ( Levine , 1981 ) .
also , in parallel with the united states , the influence of public policy seems to have been an [more] factor of some importance since it has been observed that the policy of the occupying powers after 1947 probably strengthened the tendency to form enterprise-based unions rather than alternative structures for bargaining purposes ( levine , 1981 ) .

Strong competition for supplies of scarce labour encouraged managements in British industries such as engineering to negotiate additional supplementary agreements at enterprise or plant level .
strong competition for supplies of scarce labour encouraged managements in british industries such as engineering to negotiate [more] supplementary agreements at enterprise or plant level .

Thus , the Act of Appeals of 1533 empowered him to punish heretics and hinted that he possessed the additional authority to determine what constituted heresy .
thus , the act of appeals of 1533 empowered him to punish heretics and hinted that he possessed the [more] authority to determine what constituted heresy .

The company of the saints in heaven was considered an additional potent source of assistance ; individual saints were identified as especially efficacious for particular problems — there was even a saint of hopeless causes ( St Jude ) — and large numbers of men and women undertook long and sometimes hazardous pilgrimages to sites associated with them .
the company of the saints in heaven was considered an [more] potent source of assistance ; individual saints were identified as especially efficacious for particular problems — there was even a saint of hopeless causes ( st jude ) — and large numbers of men and women undertook long and sometimes hazardous pilgrimages to sites associated with them .

Additional time in which to gather forces to resist the invasion was granted to the French , and the Belgian Army , without support from her allies , was forced aside and , on 20 August , took refuge in the fortress town of Antwerp .
[more] time in which to gather forces to resist the invasion was granted to the french , and the belgian army , without support from her allies , was forced aside and , on 20 august , took refuge in the fortress town of antwerp .

The Shoctector has an easily accessible Test/Reset button to give you additional peace of mind each time you use it .
the shoctector has an easily accessible test/reset button to give you [more] peace of mind each time you use it .

Space the wires about 230mm ( 9in ) apart , and either tie the plants directly to these , or tie canes to the wires for additional support .
space the wires about 230mm ( 9in ) apart , and either tie the plants directly to these , or tie canes to the wires for [more] support .

The irrationality of forcing undernourished women to bear children ought to have been obvious without the additional disincentives which the regime 's economic and social policies created .
the irrationality of forcing undernourished women to bear children ought to have been obvious without the [more] disincentives which the regime 's economic and social policies created .

In some schools , most pupils use spoken Standard English as their native dialect ; in others , most have to learn it as an additional language .
in some schools , most pupils use spoken standard english as their native dialect ; in others , most have to learn it as an [more] language .

illustrations should be clear and attractive and , as well as being well-matched and giving helpful cues to the text , should enhance it by providing additional information , for example about the characters or setting ;
illustrations should be clear and attractive and , as well as being well-matched and giving helpful cues to the text , should enhance it by providing [more] information , for example about the characters or setting ;

Moreover , about eight per cent of those who changed their minds with additional disclosure changed in the Wrong ' direction : they made a blind or confused choice rather than a rational decision .
moreover , about eight per cent of those who changed their minds with [more] disclosure changed in the wrong ' direction : they made a blind or confused choice rather than a rational decision .

So , all in all , only about three-quarters of those who changed their minds with additional information can be said to have genuinely interpreted that information , and made a rational choice .
so , all in all , only about three-quarters of those who changed their minds with [more] information can be said to have genuinely interpreted that information , and made a rational choice .

You can build free-standing walls half a brick ( 102mm/4in ) thick up to a height of around 450mm ( 18in ) without additional support , but over this height you should incorporate a 230mm ( 9in ) square pier every 3m ( 10ft ) .
you can build free-standing walls half a brick ( 102mm/4in ) thick up to a height of around 450mm ( 18in ) without [more] support , but over this height you should incorporate a 230mm ( 9in ) square pier every 3m ( 10ft ) .

For this reason it is best to try and connect the additional radiator to the largest bore pipework you can .
for this reason it is best to try and connect the [more] radiator to the largest bore pipework you can .

Christians who adopt this conceptual framework recognise that within culture there are laws additional to those expressed by Jesus Christ which are also from God .
christians who adopt this conceptual framework recognise that within culture there are laws [more] to those expressed by jesus christ which are also from god .

Many a temporary gain has been lost because the significance of the development was recognised too late in the day and additional resources could not be made available .
many a temporary gain has been lost because the significance of the development was recognised too late in the day and [more] resources could not be made available .

Some churches with large congregations find that they have to make additional arrangements .
some churches with large congregations find that they have to make [more] arrangements .

The themes and wording should be related , not to the regulars who will be there anyway , but to the felt needs of the additional people you are hoping to reach .
the themes and wording should be related , not to the regulars who will be there anyway , but to the felt needs of the [more] people you are hoping to reach .

When ‘ direct rule ’ was imposed in March 1972 , the Special Powers ( Northern Ireland ) Act and legislation to Permit suspects to be interned without trial already gave additional anti-terrorist powers not available in mainland legislation .
when ‘ direct rule ’ was imposed in march 1972 , the special powers ( northern ireland ) act and legislation to permit suspects to be interned without trial already gave [more] anti-terrorist powers not available in mainland legislation .

The size of the bomb was exactly right to wreck the Alliance Party headquarters without bringing down additional buildings such as No .
the size of the bomb was exactly right to wreck the alliance party headquarters without bringing down [more] buildings such as no .

They appeared to be checking only if there were any additional persons in it .
they appeared to be checking only if there were any [more] persons in it .

At the same time , the additional possibility is not excluded that some of the crimes may have been chosen for the ‘ allegations ’ because individuals in high places had vested interests in having them pinned on persons other than the real culprits .
at the same time , the [more] possibility is not excluded that some of the crimes may have been chosen for the ‘ allegations ’ because individuals in high places had vested interests in having them pinned on persons other than the real culprits .

On 12th June 1977 , twenty-one months after the Maynard contracts were terminated , Ian Paisley announced publicly that he had information about additional irregularities in Northern Ireland Housing Executive contracts which he would reveal in due course .
on 12th june 1977 , twenty-one months after the maynard contracts were terminated , ian paisley announced publicly that he had information about [more] irregularities in northern ireland housing executive contracts which he would reveal in due course .

These give additional depth to the painting and provide a framework for the distant forms .
these give [more] depth to the painting and provide a framework for the distant forms .

Additional numbers of representatives must be agreed in writing with .
[more] numbers of representatives must be agreed in writing with .

If you deviate substantially and importantly from the conditions laid down in this letter of engagement , we will be free to terminate the engagement by immediate notice at any time and to engage additional and/or alternative directors to perform some or all of the functions set out here .
if you deviate substantially and importantly from the conditions laid down in this letter of engagement , we will be free to terminate the engagement by immediate notice at any time and to engage [more] and/or alternative directors to perform some or all of the functions set out here .

If you deviate substantially and importantly from the conditions laid down in this letter of engagement , we will be free to terminate the engagement by immediate notice at any time and to engage additional and/or alternative directors to perform some or all of the functions set out here .
if you deviate substantially and importantly from the conditions laid down in this letter of engagement , we will be free to terminate the engagement by immediate notice at any time and to engage [more] and/or alternative directors to perform some or all of the functions set out here .

11.3 At the end of the Term of this Agreement , may continue for an additional period of six ( 6 ) months to complete orders and sell off its existing stocks of the Licensed Products and will pay to all royalties attributable to such sales in accordance with clauses 5 and 6 .
11.3 at the end of the term of this agreement , may continue for an [more] period of six ( 6 ) months to complete orders and sell off its existing stocks of the licensed products and will pay to all royalties attributable to such sales in accordance with clauses 5 and 6 .

If you deviate substantially and importantly from the conditions laid down in this letter of engagement , we will be free to terminate the engagement by immediate notice at any time and to engage additional and/or alternative directors to perform some or all of the functions set out here .
if you deviate substantially and importantly from the conditions laid down in this letter of engagement , we will be free to terminate the engagement by immediate notice at any time and to engage [more] and/or alternative directors to perform some or all of the functions set out here .

Of the more than fifty books to come from the press , there is no doubt that the finest was his Chaucer of 1896 , reckoned by many to be the greatest book printed in England since Caxton , of which he printed 425 copies with an additional thirteen on vellum .
of the more than fifty books to come from the press , there is no doubt that the finest was his chaucer of 1896 , reckoned by many to be the greatest book printed in england since caxton , of which he printed 425 copies with an [more] thirteen on vellum .

With such decorations as Christmas scenes they often brought an additional touch of jollity at special festivities .
with such decorations as christmas scenes they often brought an [more] touch of jollity at special festivities .

If they originate from some person of eminence they have , of course , additional prestige ; but they are prized in their own right because many are beautiful in themselves and are representative of their time and place .
if they originate from some person of eminence they have , of course , [more] prestige ; but they are prized in their own right because many are beautiful in themselves and are representative of their time and place .

Sometimes an early manuscript contains more than one hand , the additional words , marginalia or even whole paragraphs and columns , being explanations of , or comments on , the original .
sometimes an early manuscript contains more than one hand , the [more] words , marginalia or even whole paragraphs and columns , being explanations of , or comments on , the original .

The collector of signed letters by modern statesmen faces an additional hazard in the form of a machine which not only reproduces signatures exactly but holds a fountain pen or biro to accomplish them .
the collector of signed letters by modern statesmen faces an [more] hazard in the form of a machine which not only reproduces signatures exactly but holds a fountain pen or biro to accomplish them .

There are additional potential post-transition costs such as the possibility that socialism might be more inefficient than capitalism .
there are [more] potential post-transition costs such as the possibility that socialism might be more inefficient than capitalism .

Nevertheless , despite the wide variety of motives which led individuals to become fascists , it remains true that the hierarchical and authoritarian structure of the movement gave additional weight to the official ideology and explanation of events .
nevertheless , despite the wide variety of motives which led individuals to become fascists , it remains true that the hierarchical and authoritarian structure of the movement gave [more] weight to the official ideology and explanation of events .

Symbolics Inc , Concord , Massachusetts artificial intelligence pioneer warns that it is running out of cash and needs additional financing quickly : options include selling the company , obtaining additional financing and filing for bankruptcy protection .
symbolics inc , concord , massachusetts artificial intelligence pioneer warns that it is running out of cash and needs [more] financing quickly : options include selling the company , obtaining [more] financing and filing for bankruptcy protection .

We are all structural-functionalists today , just as we are all in a way Freudians and Marxists whether we like it or not ; but we must also recognize that we do gain additional insight into the significance of social phenomena when we know where they come from spatially and temporally .
we are all structural-functionalists today , just as we are all in a way freudians and marxists whether we like it or not ; but we must also recognize that we do gain [more] insight into the significance of social phenomena when we know where they come from spatially and temporally .

The presence of these additional mystical agencies complements the non-mystical causes already examined and thus expands the range of explanation .
the presence of these [more] mystical agencies complements the non-mystical causes already examined and thus expands the range of explanation .

Ingres plans to update its object-oriented Windows4GL to version 2.0 this week adding an interactive debugger , user interface enhancements and support for additional window managers .
ingres plans to update its object-oriented windows4gl to version 2.0 this week adding an interactive debugger , user interface enhancements and support for [more] window managers .

That utilitarianism needs some such additional clause to be in the intended spirit of Bentham is beyond doubt .
that utilitarianism needs some such [more] clause to be in the intended spirit of bentham is beyond doubt .

Once goods had been brought to a European port , they could be re-exported at a higher price to other European countries that had no direct trade across the sea , so a good many of the calculations about trade were concerned with re-exporting goods which had not been processed into an improved form but were simply being sent to a place where they commanded some additional scarcity value .
once goods had been brought to a european port , they could be re-exported at a higher price to other european countries that had no direct trade across the sea , so a good many of the calculations about trade were concerned with re-exporting goods which had not been processed into an improved form but were simply being sent to a place where they commanded some [more] scarcity value .

In 1627 a settlement was made on Barbados , which had two additional attractions : it was uninhabited , so the dangers of warfare with the Caribs did not arise , and it was so far to the east of the island chain that it was even better protected by the trade winds than any of the other islands .
in 1627 a settlement was made on barbados , which had two [more] attractions : it was uninhabited , so the dangers of warfare with the caribs did not arise , and it was so far to the east of the island chain that it was even better protected by the trade winds than any of the other islands .

Neither politicians at court nor governors in the colonies were expected to live on their salaries ; having outside interests would not cause any trouble if it simply supplemented their salaries , though it would be used as an additional reason to attack them if they followed policies the king disliked .
neither politicians at court nor governors in the colonies were expected to live on their salaries ; having outside interests would not cause any trouble if it simply supplemented their salaries , though it would be used as an [more] reason to attack them if they followed policies the king disliked .

James was by European standards a clear-sighted ruler who wanted to gain a little more of the authority over his subjects to which all kings were entitled , but by the standards of Englishmen he was a ruthless tyrant with the additional vices that he wanted to promote the cause of Roman Catholicism and was willing to infringe the rights of property .
james was by european standards a clear-sighted ruler who wanted to gain a little more of the authority over his subjects to which all kings were entitled , but by the standards of englishmen he was a ruthless tyrant with the [more] vices that he wanted to promote the cause of roman catholicism and was willing to infringe the rights of property .

In a way this was a compromise between the people in Britain who wanted more sugar and the established planters in the West Indies who would find the additional competition of new sugar colonies entirely unwelcome .
in a way this was a compromise between the people in britain who wanted more sugar and the established planters in the west indies who would find the [more] competition of new sugar colonies entirely unwelcome .

In two of the three cases which attracted most publicity the issue of whether the women had consented was an important component in the case , though in one of these there was an additional racial theme in the identification of the accused as black .
in two of the three cases which attracted most publicity the issue of whether the women had consented was an important component in the case , though in one of these there was an [more] racial theme in the identification of the accused as black .

The fact that it emerged he was a retired civil servant was an additional bonus .
the fact that it emerged he was a retired civil servant was an [more] bonus .

If you are in a violent relationship you can get additional legal protection .
if you are in a violent relationship you can get [more] legal protection .

The system ensures additional cushioning which should , according to the company , help to prevent player fatigue and wear and tear on muscles and joints .
the system ensures [more] cushioning which should , according to the company , help to prevent player fatigue and wear and tear on muscles and joints .

Plexicushion Prestige ensures additional cushioning which should , according to the company , help to prevent player fatigue and wear and tear on muscles and joints
plexicushion prestige ensures [more] cushioning which should , according to the company , help to prevent player fatigue and wear and tear on muscles and joints

The Bureau is offering tennis rackets as prizes , with on court coaching from Jacques as an additional bonus .
the bureau is offering tennis rackets as prizes , with on court coaching from jacques as an [more] bonus .

Details of the organisation and the activities of the Centre and the School are included in the additional information available to applicants .
details of the organisation and the activities of the centre and the school are included in the [more] information available to applicants .

Contracts are made for an initial 4 years , renewable up to an additional 4-year period .
contracts are made for an initial 4 years , renewable up to an [more] 4-year period .

You would take on some responsibility immediately for particular areas and additional responsibilities are available to those with the ability and enthusiasm to take them on .
you would take on some responsibility immediately for particular areas and [more] responsibilities are available to those with the ability and enthusiasm to take them on .

We offer a friendly working environment in Central London , 5 weeks annual holiday , private healthcare and additional benefits .
we offer a friendly working environment in central london , 5 weeks annual holiday , private healthcare and [more] benefits .

The salary will be on Civil Service Scientific Officer/Higher Scientific Officer scale which rises to a maximum of £ per annum ( starting salary is dependent on experience ) inclusive of London Weighting with the possibility of additional increments awarded on the basis of performance .
the salary will be on civil service scientific officer/higher scientific officer scale which rises to a maximum of £ per annum ( starting salary is dependent on experience ) inclusive of london weighting with the possibility of [more] increments awarded on the basis of performance .

Only 50 places are available per Cavalcade with an additional charge of £2.50 per person .
only 50 places are available per cavalcade with an [more] charge of £2.50 per person .

The additional challenge of achieving full educational as well as social integration for children now in special schools needs to be seen in the wider context of a major reappraisal of what ordinary schools have to offer the pupils already in them .
the [more] challenge of achieving full educational as well as social integration for children now in special schools needs to be seen in the wider context of a major reappraisal of what ordinary schools have to offer the pupils already in them .

The advisory service should also consider the curricular needs of the pupil , and the inclusion of special or additional areas such as keyboard skills or mobility and orientation that will enable the pupil to have full access to the curriculum and to take part in all aspects of school life .
the advisory service should also consider the curricular needs of the pupil , and the inclusion of special or [more] areas such as keyboard skills or mobility and orientation that will enable the pupil to have full access to the curriculum and to take part in all aspects of school life .

These include consultations over timetables , planning the inclusion of additional areas of the curriculum ( braille , typewriting ) and working out accessible storage for specialised equipment and materials .
these include consultations over timetables , planning the inclusion of [more] areas of the curriculum ( braille , typewriting ) and working out accessible storage for specialised equipment and materials .

If these basic skills have been mastered , additional explanatory services and individual demonstration of processes may be needed to clarify work in mathematics and the sciences .
if these basic skills have been mastered , [more] explanatory services and individual demonstration of processes may be needed to clarify work in mathematics and the sciences .

Clearly , blind pupils will be those who depend on tactile and auditory means of learning , and they will require specialised equipment and additional elements in their curriculum such as braille , mobility and orientation , but other aspects of their educational needs will include careful consideration of language development , concept formation , social interaction and information processing .
clearly , blind pupils will be those who depend on tactile and auditory means of learning , and they will require specialised equipment and [more] elements in their curriculum such as braille , mobility and orientation , but other aspects of their educational needs will include careful consideration of language development , concept formation , social interaction and information processing .

Besides these main groups of effects arising from visual disabilities there are other , sometimes additional , factors which can influence visual behaviour .
besides these main groups of effects arising from visual disabilities there are other , sometimes [more] , factors which can influence visual behaviour .

The teacher will want to seek ways of meeting diverse needs through the individualisation of programmes , but will also look for solutions to problems of providing appropriate materials in the face of additional complications in class management .
the teacher will want to seek ways of meeting diverse needs through the individualisation of programmes , but will also look for solutions to problems of providing appropriate materials in the face of [more] complications in class management .

These additional changes to the ordinary working environment should be effected as a result of the recommendations in the pupil 's statement of special needs .
these [more] changes to the ordinary working environment should be effected as a result of the recommendations in the pupil 's statement of special needs .

Since there are pupils in the class with defective vision , however , there will need to be an additional emphasis on some aspects of teaching .
since there are pupils in the class with defective vision , however , there will need to be an [more] emphasis on some aspects of teaching .

Any additional support or special tuition that a pupil needs as a result of defective sight must be given tactfully by the teacher or teacher 's aid , with an emphasis on what the pupil can do rather than on difficulties .
any [more] support or special tuition that a pupil needs as a result of defective sight must be given tactfully by the teacher or teacher 's aid , with an emphasis on what the pupil can do rather than on difficulties .

An additional plus for the Anatom is its lining , which has in-built Antibac , an antibacterial system which slows down the growth of bacteria on the skin , an unusual but welcome concept in shoe technology .
an [more] plus for the anatom is its lining , which has in-built antibac , an antibacterial system which slows down the growth of bacteria on the skin , an unusual but welcome concept in shoe technology .

The midsole is of polyurethane and is moulded with a footframe cassette to create additional stability in the midfoot and heel areas .
the midsole is of polyurethane and is moulded with a footframe cassette to create [more] stability in the midfoot and heel areas .

Additional communication and media production services were offered in addition to the lending of publications and documents .
[more] communication and media production services were offered in addition to the lending of publications and documents .

As an additional precaution , you should stand the tray on newspaper .
as an [more] precaution , you should stand the tray on newspaper .

Nearly any public gathering , and certainly any meeting to resolve a dispute , will begin and end with statements by elders stressing the interdependence of the group , recalling past aid given and received by individuals , emphasizing that each is dependent on the others for survival , asserting that the band is really a group of siblings , and so on ( see Robarchek 1986a for discussion of additional cultural expressions of this complex ) .
nearly any public gathering , and certainly any meeting to resolve a dispute , will begin and end with statements by elders stressing the interdependence of the group , recalling past aid given and received by individuals , emphasizing that each is dependent on the others for survival , asserting that the band is really a group of siblings , and so on ( see robarchek 1986a for discussion of [more] cultural expressions of this complex ) .

There are exciting possibilities for the purchase of additional locomotives from abroad .
there are exciting possibilities for the purchase of [more] locomotives from abroad .

The event attracted a record number of passengers who enjoyed an intensive steam train service and additional vintage train service .
the event attracted a record number of passengers who enjoyed an intensive steam train service and [more] vintage train service .

Certainly , reed warblers with an additional egg in the clutch often fail to hatch all their own eggs .
certainly , reed warblers with an [more] egg in the clutch often fail to hatch all their own eggs .

For you will thus deny us the possibility of an additional Brother .
for you will thus deny us the possibility of an [more] brother .

The first hint that there might be a connection between black holes and thermodynamics came with the mathematical discovery in 1970 that the surface area of the event horizon , the boundary of a black hole , has the property that it always increases when additional matter or radiation falls into the black hole .
the first hint that there might be a connection between black holes and thermodynamics came with the mathematical discovery in 1970 that the surface area of the event horizon , the boundary of a black hole , has the property that it always increases when [more] matter or radiation falls into the black hole .

Policy discussions at ministerial level appeared to focus mainly on the hoary old issues of which agency should take lead responsibility , ’ but finally , in 1989 , the government took a decision which was considered unthinkable only a year earlier , that is , that local authority social services departments should be given lead responsibility for community care and for all services including mental health , but with some additional controls added in the latter case , the single most controversial of Griffiths ' proposals .
policy discussions at ministerial level appeared to focus mainly on the hoary old issues of which agency should take lead responsibility , ’ but finally , in 1989 , the government took a decision which was considered unthinkable only a year earlier , that is , that local authority social services departments should be given lead responsibility for community care and for all services including mental health , but with some [more] controls added in the latter case , the single most controversial of griffiths ' proposals .

And an additional problem for relatives is that while it may be a relief to designate mental disorder as ‘ illness ’ , this may be deeply resented by the individual concerned .
and an [more] problem for relatives is that while it may be a relief to designate mental disorder as ‘ illness ’ , this may be deeply resented by the individual concerned .

If they accept a contractual obligation to provide care , they may find that voluntary sector care increasingly substitutes for services which otherwise would have been provided by statutory agencies ; they will thus become mainstream rather than supplying supplemental , additional services .
if they accept a contractual obligation to provide care , they may find that voluntary sector care increasingly substitutes for services which otherwise would have been provided by statutory agencies ; they will thus become mainstream rather than supplying supplemental , [more] services .

It provides them with the chance to be ‘ centre stage ’ and thus profoundly influence the delivery of care to mentally disordered people , and voluntary organizations have the additional advantage that they need only expand at their own pace , developing those areas which they know have the greatest need .
it provides them with the chance to be ‘ centre stage ’ and thus profoundly influence the delivery of care to mentally disordered people , and voluntary organizations have the [more] advantage that they need only expand at their own pace , developing those areas which they know have the greatest need .

It should be emphasised , however , that one major reason for the growth in its use has been the effect in recent years of the additional legislation bearing upon employment and the increased cost and risks of employing operatives direct .
it should be emphasised , however , that one major reason for the growth in its use has been the effect in recent years of the [more] legislation bearing upon employment and the increased cost and risks of employing operatives direct .

If the list of those sub-contractors willing to undertake the work is less than three in number , either the employer or the contractor may add additional names to the list .
if the list of those sub-contractors willing to undertake the work is less than three in number , either the employer or the contractor may add [more] names to the list .

In any event at any time prior to the execution of a binding sub-contract agreement , either the employer or the contractor may add additional sub-contractors to the list .
in any event at any time prior to the execution of a binding sub-contract agreement , either the employer or the contractor may add [more] sub-contractors to the list .

The period of the option could also be extended with the agreement of the vendor in exchange for an additional payment .
the period of the option could also be extended with the agreement of the vendor in exchange for an [more] payment .

The building control officer will often be aware of local ground conditions and at the early stage of site investigation his advice will be invaluable in determining probable additional costs .
the building control officer will often be aware of local ground conditions and at the early stage of site investigation his advice will be invaluable in determining probable [more] costs .

Previous development may also have left old foundations , concrete slabs and basements which must be identified and quantified for additional cost .
previous development may also have left old foundations , concrete slabs and basements which must be identified and quantified for [more] cost .

The size of the sewer may be of insufficient capacity to take the additional effluent from the proposed development , or the capacity of the sewage works itself may be insufficient to cope .
the size of the sewer may be of insufficient capacity to take the [more] effluent from the proposed development , or the capacity of the sewage works itself may be insufficient to cope .

Where invert levels are not suitable for the site to be drained by gravity , the additional cost of a rising main and pumps will need to be quantified .
where invert levels are not suitable for the site to be drained by gravity , the [more] cost of a rising main and pumps will need to be quantified .

Where main drainage is not available additional costs are certain to arise .
where main drainage is not available [more] costs are certain to arise .

The additional cost of the borehole pumps and storage tanks will of course be borne by the developer .
the [more] cost of the borehole pumps and storage tanks will of course be borne by the developer .

( d ) Materials used via a builder 's store with subsequent double-handling may well result in additional costs of at least 25% .
( d ) materials used via a builder 's store with subsequent double-handling may well result in [more] costs of at least 25% .

For most builders management accounting will be limited to the production of a few fundamental sets of additional information , although the national contractors will have developed many finely tuned and sophisticated management accounting techniques .
for most builders management accounting will be limited to the production of a few fundamental sets of [more] information , although the national contractors will have developed many finely tuned and sophisticated management accounting techniques .

Or hitching rides to nowhere with the additional old stiffs who cruise by in their cunning old cars .
or hitching rides to nowhere with the [more] old stiffs who cruise by in their cunning old cars .

where the discrimination permits additional markets to be served .
where the discrimination permits [more] markets to be served .

We have argued that such institutions should be public ( though not ruling out the possibility of a role , even an important role , for private actions , as an additional deterrent to abuses of market power ) ; that there should be a single investigating institution with powers to identify and to investigate cases , and to propose remedies , within a clearly stated framework of rules and guidelines ; that firms should be given an opportunity to make representations as to why the competition policy presumptions should not apply in a particular case ; and that there should be a competition tribunal with the task of reviewing and monitoring the recommendations of the competition policy institution .
we have argued that such institutions should be public ( though not ruling out the possibility of a role , even an important role , for private actions , as an [more] deterrent to abuses of market power ) ; that there should be a single investigating institution with powers to identify and to investigate cases , and to propose remedies , within a clearly stated framework of rules and guidelines ; that firms should be given an opportunity to make representations as to why the competition policy presumptions should not apply in a particular case ; and that there should be a competition tribunal with the task of reviewing and monitoring the recommendations of the competition policy institution .

There will be additional effects as a result of these marketing agreements .
there will be [more] effects as a result of these marketing agreements .

Those which offer petrol alone have relatively higher cross elasticities of demand between them than those which have additional facilities ( carwash , repairs , retailing , and so on ) .
those which offer petrol alone have relatively higher cross elasticities of demand between them than those which have [more] facilities ( carwash , repairs , retailing , and so on ) .

However , if the typical person running the latter group of stations ( those with additional facilities ) is also less risk-averse than the typical person running the former , then there is a conflict .
however , if the typical person running the latter group of stations ( those with [more] facilities ) is also less risk-averse than the typical person running the former , then there is a conflict .

The work is updated by an Additional Texts binder .
the work is updated by an [more] texts binder .

Although the additional buildings would suggest population growth rather than loss , which argues against those possibilities .
although the [more] buildings would suggest population growth rather than loss , which argues against those possibilities .

Tense and aspect distinctions may also take on additional , more subtle meanings in discourse .
tense and aspect distinctions may also take on [more] , more subtle meanings in discourse .

This suggests that a marked theme has an additional or different function .
this suggests that a marked theme has an [more] or different function .

This grammatical feature provides additional means of relating processes and actions to specific participants without the use of independent pronouns .
this grammatical feature provides [more] means of relating processes and actions to specific participants without the use of independent pronouns .

Note that the finite verbs in the Portuguese text establish additional cohesive links with Morita because they are marked for person .
note that the finite verbs in the portuguese text establish [more] cohesive links with morita because they are marked for person .

Note also the use of the colon after blunt to provide additional cohesion .
note also the use of the colon after blunt to provide [more] cohesion .

now ( continuative , with additional force of adversative ) ;
now ( continuative , with [more] force of adversative ) ;

This departure is signalled more firmly in the German text through the use of Schließlich ( ‘ finally ’ ) and the additional paragraph break .
this departure is signalled more firmly in the german text through the use of schließlich ( ‘ finally ’ ) and the [more] paragraph break .

It is hard to see what kind of claims might reasonably be made about linguistic variation expressed as average scores of groups such as these ( an additional difficulty being the abstract and contentious nature of social class labels ) .
it is hard to see what kind of claims might reasonably be made about linguistic variation expressed as average scores of groups such as these ( an [more] difficulty being the abstract and contentious nature of social class labels ) .

The capacity of computers to handle text in various ways is particularly relevant to quantitative syntactic work ; this is a function additional to their sorting and counting ( ‘ number-crunching ’ ) capacities which are useful in statistical analysis ( cf .
the capacity of computers to handle text in various ways is particularly relevant to quantitative syntactic work ; this is a function [more] to their sorting and counting ( ‘ number-crunching ’ ) capacities which are useful in statistical analysis ( cf .

Plainly , the additional methodological problems introduced by Harris 's procedure are considerable . He comments :
plainly , the [more] methodological problems introduced by harris 's procedure are considerable . he comments :

For example : the traditional notation regarding ‘ on board ’ loading was replaced by a ‘ taking in charge ’ statement ; the traditional prohibition against transhipment was eliminated , because transhipment was of the essence in combined transport ; since the transport commonly originated and finished inland , the terms ‘ place of receipt ’ and ‘ place of delivery ’ were inserted in separate boxes , either replacing the traditional ‘ port of loading ’ and ‘ port of discharge ’ or joining them as additional specifications ; and since often times the name of the vessel was not known or could not be established with certainty at the time of issuance , the box for the vessel 's name was modified to refer to an ‘ intended vessel .
for example : the traditional notation regarding ‘ on board ’ loading was replaced by a ‘ taking in charge ’ statement ; the traditional prohibition against transhipment was eliminated , because transhipment was of the essence in combined transport ; since the transport commonly originated and finished inland , the terms ‘ place of receipt ’ and ‘ place of delivery ’ were inserted in separate boxes , either replacing the traditional ‘ port of loading ’ and ‘ port of discharge ’ or joining them as [more] specifications ; and since often times the name of the vessel was not known or could not be established with certainty at the time of issuance , the box for the vessel 's name was modified to refer to an ‘ intended vessel .

Perishable goods would perish or would have to be warehoused at an additional cost .
perishable goods would perish or would have to be warehoused at an [more] cost .

Moreover , reductions in inequalities of earnings could be brought about by additional expenditure on the education and health of children from poor families :
moreover , reductions in inequalities of earnings could be brought about by [more] expenditure on the education and health of children from poor families :

Third , additional education makes for a more rational labour market by improving information and choice of occupation .
third , [more] education makes for a more rational labour market by improving information and choice of occupation .

Monetarist opponents of these views point out that the fact that industries in certain regions are unprofitable is evidence enough of either the fact that such industries are not in line with modern production methods or with demands in the international market ; or that their location imposes additional costs on production compared with similar industries elsewhere in the country ; or both factors may apply . Thus Burton concludes from his discussion of employment subsidies in general that they are
monetarist opponents of these views point out that the fact that industries in certain regions are unprofitable is evidence enough of either the fact that such industries are not in line with modern production methods or with demands in the international market ; or that their location imposes [more] costs on production compared with similar industries elsewhere in the country ; or both factors may apply . thus burton concludes from his discussion of employment subsidies in general that they are

It is well known that teachers undertake a number of tasks which appear to be additional to their contractual duties and so voluntary .
it is well known that teachers undertake a number of tasks which appear to be [more] to their contractual duties and so voluntary .

The precept required an additional supplementary rate of 6p in the £ .
the precept required an [more] supplementary rate of 6p in the £ .

Also the Transport Authority was expressly empowered to require the Executive to provide a service at a cost the Executive considered to be too high , so long as the Transport Authority provided the necessary additional cost .
also the transport authority was expressly empowered to require the executive to provide a service at a cost the executive considered to be too high , so long as the transport authority provided the necessary [more] cost .

Although the majority of those who experience breakdown will find a new partner , a temporary period of separation will increase the number of households and it will also feed the need for an additional pool of housing .
although the majority of those who experience breakdown will find a new partner , a temporary period of separation will increase the number of households and it will also feed the need for an [more] pool of housing .

Using this estimate gives an approximate number of additional households among those under 45 due to the increase in marital breakdown over this 20-year period of around 200 thousands .
using this estimate gives an approximate number of [more] households among those under 45 due to the increase in marital breakdown over this 20-year period of around 200 thousands .

Another is marital breakdown which leads to additional housing requirements , even if remarriage ultimately takes place .
another is marital breakdown which leads to [more] housing requirements , even if remarriage ultimately takes place .

Each additional child makes it more likely that a couple who are not already local authority tenants will become so .
each [more] child makes it more likely that a couple who are not already local authority tenants will become so .

For each primary pupil estimated as being in a household where the child , or the head of household , was born outside the United Kingdom , Eire , the United States or the Old Commonwealth , the Authority receives an extra £274 ; if the pupil is estimated to be in a household which is lacking amenities or overcrowded , is in a one-parent household , has four or more dependent children under the age of 16 , where the head is semi-skilled , unskilled or a farm worker , or whose family is in receipt of Supplementary Benefit , the authority accrues an additional £137 on each count .
for each primary pupil estimated as being in a household where the child , or the head of household , was born outside the united kingdom , eire , the united states or the old commonwealth , the authority receives an extra £274 ; if the pupil is estimated to be in a household which is lacking amenities or overcrowded , is in a one-parent household , has four or more dependent children under the age of 16 , where the head is semi-skilled , unskilled or a farm worker , or whose family is in receipt of supplementary benefit , the authority accrues an [more] £137 on each count .

When we looked at the additional explanatory power brought to these models by information about the worker 's family responsibilities we found that parenthood had little effect on men 's labour force participation or pay .
when we looked at the [more] explanatory power brought to these models by information about the worker 's family responsibilities we found that parenthood had little effect on men 's labour force participation or pay .

Moreover , beyond the identifiable forms of actual association , an additional emphasis has been given by the methodology of most forms of cultural historiography , which distinguish and classify ‘ schools ’ or more general ‘ movements ’ and ‘ tendencies ’ .
moreover , beyond the identifiable forms of actual association , an [more] emphasis has been given by the methodology of most forms of cultural historiography , which distinguish and classify ‘ schools ’ or more general ‘ movements ’ and ‘ tendencies ’ .

Indeed often , and only sometimes rhetorically , we speak of such works as works of art — a particular knife , pot , aeroplane , bridge — but usually with the sense that this is an additional quality , when the primary purpose of the object has been already acknowledged .
indeed often , and only sometimes rhetorically , we speak of such works as works of art — a particular knife , pot , aeroplane , bridge — but usually with the sense that this is an [more] quality , when the primary purpose of the object has been already acknowledged .

In conference with Gerald Gardiner , subsequently Lord Chancellor , who had somewhat late in the day raised his flag as a member of the Labour Party , it was decided that the best course of action was for the Labour Party to be asked to be represented by Gardiner at the Vassall Tribunal and to inform Radcliffe that it had no additional witness to come to him .
in conference with gerald gardiner , subsequently lord chancellor , who had somewhat late in the day raised his flag as a member of the labour party , it was decided that the best course of action was for the labour party to be asked to be represented by gardiner at the vassall tribunal and to inform radcliffe that it had no [more] witness to come to him .

The immediate ‘ bone ’ offered to Mrs Castle was the phasing out of 1,000 pay beds , but that thereafter further pay beds would only be phased out on the direction of the newly established board , with a number of criteria required to justify the release of additional beds : the principal one being the establishment of an alternative source of private beds in the locality of change .
the immediate ‘ bone ’ offered to mrs castle was the phasing out of 1,000 pay beds , but that thereafter further pay beds would only be phased out on the direction of the newly established board , with a number of criteria required to justify the release of [more] beds : the principal one being the establishment of an alternative source of private beds in the locality of change .

The number of stock under the supervision of a single worker has increased considerably and this has placed an additional burden on the skill of the stockman to face the new challenges which have resulted .
the number of stock under the supervision of a single worker has increased considerably and this has placed an [more] burden on the skill of the stockman to face the new challenges which have resulted .

The building of any further houses was resisted on the grounds that the additional families which they would attract might eventually become a charge on the poor rates during periods of economic depression .
the building of any further houses was resisted on the grounds that the [more] families which they would attract might eventually become a charge on the poor rates during periods of economic depression .

Under the previous system of benefits , unemployed disabled people could claim social security at a higher rate , and were also eligible for a number of additional requirement payments ( ARPs ) to meet such needs as extra laundry expenses , special dietary requirements , extra heating , wear and tear on clothing , and so on , which were a consequence of specific disabilities .
under the previous system of benefits , unemployed disabled people could claim social security at a higher rate , and were also eligible for a number of [more] requirement payments ( arps ) to meet such needs as extra laundry expenses , special dietary requirements , extra heating , wear and tear on clothing , and so on , which were a consequence of specific disabilities .

The present structure of support provision fails to meet the needs of the majority of disabled people , let alone those who may have additional needs associated with ageing ( Beardshaw , 1988 ; Fiedler , 1988 ) .
the present structure of support provision fails to meet the needs of the majority of disabled people , let alone those who may have [more] needs associated with ageing ( beardshaw , 1988 ; fiedler , 1988 ) .

In neither case is there any additional disciplinary power with which the employer or customer are able to impose their will .
in neither case is there any [more] disciplinary power with which the employer or customer are able to impose their will .

Weaknesses in the corporate governance structure and slackness in the other markets that constrain management behaviour also mean that the existence of these additional controls is consistent with considerable managerial latitude .
weaknesses in the corporate governance structure and slackness in the other markets that constrain management behaviour also mean that the existence of these [more] controls is consistent with considerable managerial latitude .

These create a demand for a mix of local support services such as those of financial institutions , lawyers , and technicians , and whose availability may attract into the area additional users of these services , strengthening its economic base .
these create a demand for a mix of local support services such as those of financial institutions , lawyers , and technicians , and whose availability may attract into the area [more] users of these services , strengthening its economic base .

First , it is necessary to look more closely at the relationship between profit maximisation and aggregate wealth maximisation , and to introduce an additional reservation .
first , it is necessary to look more closely at the relationship between profit maximisation and aggregate wealth maximisation , and to introduce an [more] reservation .

For the moment it is sufficient to note that while the managerialist picture of management discretion unbounded by market pressures is unquestionably a serious distortion , the more extreme claims made for the constraining power of these additional markets also give rise to considerable doubts .
for the moment it is sufficient to note that while the managerialist picture of management discretion unbounded by market pressures is unquestionably a serious distortion , the more extreme claims made for the constraining power of these [more] markets also give rise to considerable doubts .

The shareholders enjoy an additional layer of protection with regard to gratuitous payments , in that in order to show that a payment is authorised by the company 's memorandum it will usually be necessary to establish that it is reasonably incidental to the company 's business purposes , in essence , that it is for the company 's benefit , which is an objective question .
the shareholders enjoy an [more] layer of protection with regard to gratuitous payments , in that in order to show that a payment is authorised by the company 's memorandum it will usually be necessary to establish that it is reasonably incidental to the company 's business purposes , in essence , that it is for the company 's benefit , which is an objective question .

As against this , it is argued that insurance companies act as an additional monitoring agency : in fixing premiums insurers will assess the degree of risk and directors thus have an incentive to minimise the chances of liability arising in order to keep premiums as low as possible .
as against this , it is argued that insurance companies act as an [more] monitoring agency : in fixing premiums insurers will assess the degree of risk and directors thus have an incentive to minimise the chances of liability arising in order to keep premiums as low as possible .

Finally , an objection to relying on the law to regulate decision-making quality , additional to those considered earlier , should be noted .
finally , an objection to relying on the law to regulate decision-making quality , [more] to those considered earlier , should be noted .

An additional factor arises when keys do not go up in ones , but in twos , threes , fives , tens or some other increment .
an [more] factor arises when keys do not go up in ones , but in twos , threes , fives , tens or some other increment .

Table 6.7 compares the additional times added to an average record seek due to consecutive spill ( for files using mid-square and division randomizing techniques ) , chained overflow in a separate area and chained overflow in the prime data area .
table 6.7 compares the [more] times added to an average record seek due to consecutive spill ( for files using mid-square and division randomizing techniques ) , chained overflow in a separate area and chained overflow in the prime data area .

6.24 superposes the deterioration of access frequency loaded 90/10 files as a result of loading additional records in random order , on to an 80/20 file loaded in the same way .
6.24 superposes the deterioration of access frequency loaded 90/10 files as a result of loading [more] records in random order , on to an 80/20 file loaded in the same way .

In practice this is not complete , since two additional times need to be considered in order to obtain the true picture .
in practice this is not complete , since two [more] times need to be considered in order to obtain the true picture .

This means that an extra search will be added only for every additional ( 2n + 1 ) or ( 3n + 1 ) records , where n is the number of records per track .
this means that an extra search will be added only for every [more] ( 2n + 1 ) or ( 3n + 1 ) records , where n is the number of records per track .

It might arise if one additional record were added to each group of consecutive records ; for example , a group of stores might begin to open on a Saturday , and require an extra record for each store to record transactions .
it might arise if one [more] record were added to each group of consecutive records ; for example , a group of stores might begin to open on a saturday , and require an extra record for each store to record transactions .

The independent overflow area uses additional space , although in most cases this will not be excessive as the increase in time caused by continual head movements to the independent overflow area from the prime data area and back will soon show up in run times .
the independent overflow area uses [more] space , although in most cases this will not be excessive as the increase in time caused by continual head movements to the independent overflow area from the prime data area and back will soon show up in run times .

Overflow areas , even if empty , will take additional space .
overflow areas , even if empty , will take [more] space .

Table 7.5 shows the percentage of tracks with 0,1,2 , … additional records as a result of additions made randomly to a file .
table 7.5 shows the percentage of tracks with 0,1,2 , … [more] records as a result of additions made randomly to a file .

If processing time is negligible there will be an additional half a revolution to return to the next prime track record , and the total time to locate and process the overflow record will be precisely one revolution .
if processing time is negligible there will be an [more] half a revolution to return to the next prime track record , and the total time to locate and process the overflow record will be precisely one revolution .

This will mean that an additional revolution is lost , so the total time incurred per overflow record will exceed one revolution on average .
this will mean that an [more] revolution is lost , so the total time incurred per overflow record will exceed one revolution on average .

4 Grouped updates with additional random updates
4 grouped updates with [more] random updates

Additional transactions from the ‘ background ’ random distribution will only make it more unlikely that seeking and processing can be overlapped .
[more] transactions from the ‘ background ’ random distribution will only make it more unlikely that seeking and processing can be overlapped .

The additional times caused by linkage handling can be avoided if the link held on the prime data track contains the record key , and if the software can detect whether the required record is in overflow quickly enough to avoid missing the start of the next record .
the [more] times caused by linkage handling can be avoided if the link held on the prime data track contains the record key , and if the software can detect whether the required record is in overflow quickly enough to avoid missing the start of the next record .

First overflow records do not add any additional time if the index has two entries per track , and if the index items point to the first record in the overflow chain .
first overflow records do not add any [more] time if the index has two entries per track , and if the index items point to the first record in the overflow chain .

This was an additional reason for giving supremacy to the Constitution and for introducing certain extra safeguards into it .
this was an [more] reason for giving supremacy to the constitution and for introducing certain extra safeguards into it .

The second qualification to democracy in this particular ‘ liberal ’ form is that society is recognized as being pluralistic … To recognize society as being pluralistic , therefore , carries the additional assumption that the government sets out to rule , not in the interest of any one group or alliance of groups , but in the common interest of all …
the second qualification to democracy in this particular ‘ liberal ’ form is that society is recognized as being pluralistic … to recognize society as being pluralistic , therefore , carries the [more] assumption that the government sets out to rule , not in the interest of any one group or alliance of groups , but in the common interest of all …

Many organists nevertheless continue to fulfil the additional and varied roles of performing or conducting , and of private teaching .
many organists nevertheless continue to fulfil the [more] and varied roles of performing or conducting , and of private teaching .

During or after such courses they may have acquired some additional external diplomas in organ-playing conducting , harmony and counterpoint .
during or after such courses they may have acquired some [more] external diplomas in organ-playing conducting , harmony and counterpoint .

The more accomplished players gain additional encouragement from their membership of , and loyalty to , one of the many music centres which have sprung up in every part of the country .
the more accomplished players gain [more] encouragement from their membership of , and loyalty to , one of the many music centres which have sprung up in every part of the country .

If that person has the ability to make instrumental arrangements , then that is an additional bonus .
if that person has the ability to make instrumental arrangements , then that is an [more] bonus .

Additional encouragement and training for children might be provided by congregational ‘ creative ’ days , when young and old alike meet together to make music , as well as to take part in other activities .
[more] encouragement and training for children might be provided by congregational ‘ creative ’ days , when young and old alike meet together to make music , as well as to take part in other activities .

An additional cause for disquiet is the present shortage of music teachers in primary and secondary schools .
an [more] cause for disquiet is the present shortage of music teachers in primary and secondary schools .

Mountbatten 's task was not simplified when General MacArthur saddled him with the additional responsibility of taking over Indonesia and Indo-China , previously within the American sphere .
mountbatten 's task was not simplified when general macarthur saddled him with the [more] responsibility of taking over indonesia and indo-china , previously within the american sphere .

The value of the new benefit was significantly enhanced by an additional £1.5 billion of revenue that was pumped into the scheme at the time .
the value of the new benefit was significantly enhanced by an [more] £1.5 billion of revenue that was pumped into the scheme at the time .

There has been a whole series of changes to the scheme since its introduction in April 1983 , with additional reforms a likely prospect .
there has been a whole series of changes to the scheme since its introduction in april 1983 , with [more] reforms a likely prospect .

Raising additional funds on this narrow tax base will mean very significant increases in the tax .
raising [more] funds on this narrow tax base will mean very significant increases in the tax .

Those authorities most likely to be in need of raising additional finance will be those with large numbers of people on low incomes living within their boundaries .
those authorities most likely to be in need of raising [more] finance will be those with large numbers of people on low incomes living within their boundaries .

Yet it will be those on low incomes who will be most affected by any additional increases in the size of the poll tax .
yet it will be those on low incomes who will be most affected by any [more] increases in the size of the poll tax .

As with the present system , there will be help for those who receive the full rebates : additional payments are to be made to Income Support rates to cover the 20 per cent minimum community charge .
as with the present system , there will be help for those who receive the full rebates : [more] payments are to be made to income support rates to cover the 20 per cent minimum community charge .

The poverty trap has been brought about by the interaction of the paying of tax and the loss of means-tested assistance on each £1 of additional earnings .
the poverty trap has been brought about by the interaction of the paying of tax and the loss of means-tested assistance on each £1 of [more] earnings .

Not surprisingly , the state has also interested itself in providing additional pension coverage .
not surprisingly , the state has also interested itself in providing [more] pension coverage .

Each of the transferred jobs will result in an additional salary being spent in the local economy .
each of the transferred jobs will result in an [more] salary being spent in the local economy .

It is this additional purchasing power that will trigger the secondary investment by the private sector .
it is this [more] purchasing power that will trigger the secondary investment by the private sector .

In public debate , who pays what is invariably presented in marginal tax terms — that is , what a taxpayer will pay on an additional pound in income .
in public debate , who pays what is invariably presented in marginal tax terms — that is , what a taxpayer will pay on an [more] pound in income .

Had the national insurance pensions been increased by an additional £5 a week over and above the inflation rate , and supplementary benefit uprated by the rate of inflation only , then virtually all of the 1.4 million claimants would no longer be entitled to supplementary benefit .
had the national insurance pensions been increased by an [more] £5 a week over and above the inflation rate , and supplementary benefit uprated by the rate of inflation only , then virtually all of the 1.4 million claimants would no longer be entitled to supplementary benefit .

The reason for this is that , while their husbands were drawing national insurance unemployment benefit , additional income to the household is not taken into account when determining eligibility for that benefit .
the reason for this is that , while their husbands were drawing national insurance unemployment benefit , [more] income to the household is not taken into account when determining eligibility for that benefit .

While this sum is just above the average sum of additional income earned by single parents under the previous system , the new rules , again in the name of simplification , have abolished the claimants right to offset child-minding costs against their earnings .
while this sum is just above the average sum of [more] income earned by single parents under the previous system , the new rules , again in the name of simplification , have abolished the claimants right to offset child-minding costs against their earnings .

An additional payoff not to be sneezed at is that lecturers , forced to integrate , begin to rethink their subject !
an [more] payoff not to be sneezed at is that lecturers , forced to integrate , begin to rethink their subject !

Significant changes have been achieved in work organization without having to create additional permanent structures to maintain the momentum of change .
significant changes have been achieved in work organization without having to create [more] permanent structures to maintain the momentum of change .

Equally important , the expansion of the responsibilities of production workers creates additional space for building trust within individual plants , outside national collective bargaining channels ( Roots , 1986 ) .
equally important , the expansion of the responsibilities of production workers creates [more] space for building trust within individual plants , outside national collective bargaining channels ( roots , 1986 ) .

The market demand for potatoes is a derived demand , and so reflects the value of additional supplies and the marginal costs of collection , grading and distribution .
the market demand for potatoes is a derived demand , and so reflects the value of [more] supplies and the marginal costs of collection , grading and distribution .

The remaining material in Volume 1 — the so-called ‘ additional analyses ’ — which included detailed information about departmental subprogrammes and the English , Scottish and Welsh components should take more time to produce and be made available in alternative ways , as technical releases , in the spring .
the remaining material in volume 1 — the so-called ‘ [more] analyses ’ — which included detailed information about departmental subprogrammes and the english , scottish and welsh components should take more time to produce and be made available in alternative ways , as technical releases , in the spring .

Information on public corporations . Apart from the provision of their financing requirements , additional information should also include :
information on public corporations . apart from the provision of their financing requirements , [more] information should also include :

Three additional sources of opportunity exist outside a company in its social and intellectual environment :
three [more] sources of opportunity exist outside a company in its social and intellectual environment :

But arguing for the additional time and money and confronting the critics transformed a potential failure into a ringing success .
but arguing for the [more] time and money and confronting the critics transformed a potential failure into a ringing success .

In addition to the half dozen or so field officers patrolling the districts , some of the areas in the northern authority have provision for a small number of additional posts .
in addition to the half dozen or so field officers patrolling the districts , some of the areas in the northern authority have provision for a small number of [more] posts .

As one of the younger officers who came into the job around the time of the reorganization of the water industry , he enjoyed the additional tasks , in contrast with the more experienced men who feel their autonomy has been eroded .
as one of the younger officers who came into the job around the time of the reorganization of the water industry , he enjoyed the [more] tasks , in contrast with the more experienced men who feel their autonomy has been eroded .

But at least some of the meaning of blackbird belongs to the whole complex , and is not attributable to either black — or bird separately ; so , when black is replaced , this additional meaning is lost , along with ‘ black ’ .
but at least some of the meaning of blackbird belongs to the whole complex , and is not attributable to either black — or bird separately ; so , when black is replaced , this [more] meaning is lost , along with ‘ black ’ .

Since the additional meaning is unique to blackbird , no recurrence of the resulting contrast is possible .
since the [more] meaning is unique to blackbird , no recurrence of the resulting contrast is possible .

This is because the additional semantic traits normally carried by mare are already inferable from the rest of the sentence , and are to that degree superfluous .
this is because the [more] semantic traits normally carried by mare are already inferable from the rest of the sentence , and are to that degree superfluous .

Johnny , darling , would n't you like some additional butter on your toast ?
johnny , darling , would n't you like some [more] butter on your toast ?

In 18 , jolly , being informal , clashes with the formality established by such items as ambassador , deliver , concerning , violation and sovereignty ; in 19 the technical-sounding additional is dissonant with the prevailing informality established by such items as Johnny and darling .
in 18 , jolly , being informal , clashes with the formality established by such items as ambassador , deliver , concerning , violation and sovereignty ; in 19 the technical-sounding [more] is dissonant with the prevailing informality established by such items as johnny and darling .

as do additional and butter :
as do [more] and butter :

Additional butter in the diet would probably prove beneficial .
[more] butter in the diet would probably prove beneficial .

Again , it is the dependent item which must acquire additional traits if pleonasm is to be avoided : Arthur drinks beer ( but ?
again , it is the dependent item which must acquire [more] traits if pleonasm is to be avoided : arthur drinks beer ( but ?

The original report on which this additional research is based began with a quotation by Hollywood movie mogul , Sam Goldwyn .
the original report on which this [more] research is based began with a quotation by hollywood movie mogul , sam goldwyn .

Secondly , because of the integration between different components of the social system of the school , an innovation introduced by a single teacher will often have repercussions in other parts of the system — perhaps because there is a need for additional resources , or for more time , or because it is predicted [ sic ] upon new pupil roles , or involves a greater degree of integration .
secondly , because of the integration between different components of the social system of the school , an innovation introduced by a single teacher will often have repercussions in other parts of the system — perhaps because there is a need for [more] resources , or for more time , or because it is predicted [ sic ] upon new pupil roles , or involves a greater degree of integration .

the Deputy Head ( Curriculum ) worked with the Head of Additional Studies Faculty to produce a framework for a study-skills course which would link with the work of all other departments ;
the deputy head ( curriculum ) worked with the head of [more] studies faculty to produce a framework for a study-skills course which would link with the work of all other departments ;

Many merely developed by ribbon expansion along existing streets , but others had additional planned elements added , as had happened earlier at Cambridge and Stamtord .
many merely developed by ribbon expansion along existing streets , but others had [more] planned elements added , as had happened earlier at cambridge and stamtord .

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

The taxpayers contend that the only expense incurred by the school ‘ in or in connection ’ with the education of their children is the additional , or marginal , cost to the school .
the taxpayers contend that the only expense incurred by the school ‘ in or in connection ’ with the education of their children is the [more] , or marginal , cost to the school .

The only expense attributable to the education of the taxpayers ' children ( additional food , laundry , stationery etc . )
the only expense attributable to the education of the taxpayers ' children ( [more] food , laundry , stationery etc . )

Therefore , when one comes to section 63 ( 2 ) one is looking for the additional expense incurred in or in connection with the provision of the benefit .
therefore , when one comes to section 63 ( 2 ) one is looking for the [more] expense incurred in or in connection with the provision of the benefit .

’ In my view these repeated assurances are quite inconsistent with the minister having had , or communicated , any intention other than that the words ‘ the expense incurred in or in connection with ’ the provision of the benefit would produce a charge to tax on the additional or marginal cost only , not a charge on the average cost of the benefit .
’ in my view these repeated assurances are quite inconsistent with the minister having had , or communicated , any intention other than that the words ‘ the expense incurred in or in connection with ’ the provision of the benefit would produce a charge to tax on the [more] or marginal cost only , not a charge on the average cost of the benefit .

The additional organising effort , however , brought in extra resources of no more than £pound394 , and could hardly have amounted to more than 450 paying members , suggesting a total membership of less than 5,200 .
the [more] organising effort , however , brought in extra resources of no more than £pound394 , and could hardly have amounted to more than 450 paying members , suggesting a total membership of less than 5,200 .

Table 2.1 gives additional information about these two broad industrial areas , showing that it is in the retail trade and the hotels and catering industry in the first of these , and public administration , education , medical services , `` other services to the public `` , recreational and cultural services and personal services in the second , where the proportion of temporary workers is greatest and/or where an important share of the temporary workforce is to be found .
table 2.1 gives [more] information about these two broad industrial areas , showing that it is in the retail trade and the hotels and catering industry in the first of these , and public administration , education , medical services , `` other services to the public `` , recreational and cultural services and personal services in the second , where the proportion of temporary workers is greatest and/or where an important share of the temporary workforce is to be found .

However , the ability of contract computer staff to dispense with trade unions to further their interests is enhanced by a number of additional factors .
however , the ability of contract computer staff to dispense with trade unions to further their interests is enhanced by a number of [more] factors .

Additional labour is brought in as and when required , and is brought in almost exclusively on a casual basis .
[more] labour is brought in as and when required , and is brought in almost exclusively on a casual basis .

Some give open-ended contracts , others employ their seasonal workers on a succession of fixed-term contracts of essentially an arbitrary duration ( usually between 10 and 12 weeks ) which contain an additional clause allowing the employer to terminate them prematurely with one weeks ' notice .
some give open-ended contracts , others employ their seasonal workers on a succession of fixed-term contracts of essentially an arbitrary duration ( usually between 10 and 12 weeks ) which contain an [more] clause allowing the employer to terminate them prematurely with one weeks ' notice .

Their manpower requirements were planned in detail and they knew exactly when and for how long they needed additional workers .
their manpower requirements were planned in detail and they knew exactly when and for how long they needed [more] workers .

Two organisations which we visited further emphasised the `` non-regularity `` of their temporary workers ' employment by not guaranteeing them any fixed number of hours per week — they were contracted to work `` as and when required `` — and this , of course , provided them with an important , additional source of flexibility .
two organisations which we visited further emphasised the `` non-regularity `` of their temporary workers ' employment by not guaranteeing them any fixed number of hours per week — they were contracted to work `` as and when required `` — and this , of course , provided them with an important , [more] source of flexibility .

Few could have met their demands for additional labour internally , and not because they were hampered by rigid job demarcation system or lacked a workforce with adaptable skills .
few could have met their demands for [more] labour internally , and not because they were hampered by rigid job demarcation system or lacked a workforce with adaptable skills .

Indeed , for all but those organisations which know precisely how much additional manpower they need and for how long , in their simple form they are a particularly unsuitable means of employing temporary workers .
indeed , for all but those organisations which know precisely how much [more] manpower they need and for how long , in their simple form they are a particularly unsuitable means of employing temporary workers .

The catering industry as a whole experiences seasonal demands for additional labour but , more important , those firms which provide catering for special `` events `` — exhibitions , cultural sporting or social occasions — have to cope with dramatic day-to-day variations in their demand for labour [ see Chapter 6 ] .
the catering industry as a whole experiences seasonal demands for [more] labour but , more important , those firms which provide catering for special `` events `` — exhibitions , cultural sporting or social occasions — have to cope with dramatic day-to-day variations in their demand for labour [ see chapter 6 ] .

Where the requirement for additional labour can be specified precisely , and the organisation knows precisely how long it requires the staff concerned , fixed-term contracts are most appropriate .
where the requirement for [more] labour can be specified precisely , and the organisation knows precisely how long it requires the staff concerned , fixed-term contracts are most appropriate .

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

The wrong turns provide additional boundaries and constraints as the exercise proceeds , leading him ultimately to the same goal .
the wrong turns provide [more] boundaries and constraints as the exercise proceeds , leading him ultimately to the same goal .

The software configuration must therefore include an additional level of operation over the current systems .
the software configuration must therefore include an [more] level of operation over the current systems .

Most drawing records systems use this natural hierarchical form , but problems arise which have to be handled by additional levels and cross checks .
most drawing records systems use this natural hierarchical form , but problems arise which have to be handled by [more] levels and cross checks .

If additional data about the components is to be stored , such as the supply source , then an additional level must be included by providing a `` source `` file for each part ( see Figure 5.3 ) .
if [more] data about the components is to be stored , such as the supply source , then an [more] level must be included by providing a `` source `` file for each part ( see figure 5.3 ) .

Additional elements can be created for any attribute simply by declaring it to be a member of that set .
[more] elements can be created for any attribute simply by declaring it to be a member of that set .

Here the stated need is transcribed to establish what additional data is required , in order that the problem can be solved .
here the stated need is transcribed to establish what [more] data is required , in order that the problem can be solved .

Also , if the components are all drawn in their normal working attitude in the machine space , additional rotations will not be necessary .
also , if the components are all drawn in their normal working attitude in the machine space , [more] rotations will not be necessary .

The program procedures then allow each component to be positioned within any other space according to nine controlling freedoms ( the six normal kinematic freedoms and three additional values of orthogonal scale ) .
the program procedures then allow each component to be positioned within any other space according to nine controlling freedoms ( the six normal kinematic freedoms and three [more] values of orthogonal scale ) .

Those who have had the advantage of experience in such matters `` , wrote Austen Layard , a contemporary of Wallace who had discovered the ancient city of Nineveh , `` know that one of the results of fever is a considerable excitement of the brain , consequent audacity and no small additional loquacity only limited by physical debility . ``
those who have had the advantage of experience in such matters `` , wrote austen layard , a contemporary of wallace who had discovered the ancient city of nineveh , `` know that one of the results of fever is a considerable excitement of the brain , consequent audacity and no small [more] loquacity only limited by physical debility . ``

We were taken aback to learn that the late king 's additional name of Lasso Rinding means `` Granite Penis `` — a title he apparently did nothing to dishonour .
we were taken aback to learn that the late king 's [more] name of lasso rinding means `` granite penis `` — a title he apparently did nothing to dishonour .

But Tandri now came up with the bright idea of charging an exorbitant additional fee for every island we needed to call at en route .
but tandri now came up with the bright idea of charging an exorbitant [more] fee for every island we needed to call at en route .

Proceedings of the conference issued or Sponsored by societies or institutions usually have an additional entry under the name of the Society or institution .
proceedings of the conference issued or sponsored by societies or institutions usually have an [more] entry under the name of the society or institution .

Also , there is normally an additional entry under the editor .
also , there is normally an [more] entry under the editor .

If a fish was receptive enough to electricity to pick up any tiny currents induced in its body , they would provide an additional guide to the Earth 's magnetic field .
if a fish was receptive enough to electricity to pick up any tiny currents induced in its body , they would provide an [more] guide to the earth 's magnetic field .

Diving birds , such as cormorants and mergansers , have additional muscles around the lens , which can drastically alter its shape and may even be able to squeeze the lens through the iris .
diving birds , such as cormorants and mergansers , have [more] muscles around the lens , which can drastically alter its shape and may even be able to squeeze the lens through the iris .

Birds usually have an elongated fovea to see detail on the horizon , and most have an additional circular fovea straight ahead .
birds usually have an elongated fovea to see detail on the horizon , and most have an [more] circular fovea straight ahead .

They have an additional lens at the side of the eye which focuses light onto a separate retina .
they have an [more] lens at the side of the eye which focuses light onto a separate retina .

In these latitudes two additional seasons — spring and autumn — mark the passing of the year .
in these latitudes two [more] seasons — spring and autumn — mark the passing of the year .

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

All that happened is that the electric field drew some charges to the surface of the dielectric which caused then some additional charges to appear on the surface of the conductor .
all that happened is that the electric field drew some charges to the surface of the dielectric which caused then some [more] charges to appear on the surface of the conductor .

There will now be an additional electric field ( say Ec ) due to the presence of these charges .
there will now be an [more] electric field ( say ec ) due to the presence of these charges .

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

Having discussed certain arguments relating to the time when the property passed ( which were relevant to an additional and unsound argument put forward by the insurers ) , he continued , at p. 280 :
having discussed certain arguments relating to the time when the property passed ( which were relevant to an [more] and unsound argument put forward by the insurers ) , he continued , at p. 280 :

The product development department in London has been expanded by the recruitment of two additional senior staff and the group continues to be in the forefront of new product development in its field .
the product development department in london has been expanded by the recruitment of two [more] senior staff and the group continues to be in the forefront of new product development in its field .

The shares issued are recorded in the company 's balance sheet at nominal value together with the amount of any additional consideration .
the shares issued are recorded in the company 's balance sheet at nominal value together with the amount of any [more] consideration .

any commitment to make additional payments over a limited number of years
any commitment to make [more] payments over a limited number of years

Gardens which have been carefully designed and closely planted may appear to be unsuitable for additional plantings of herbs , but a herbaceous border , for instance , which needs to be re-dug every few years , with some of its incumbents divided or discarded , can well take some herbal plants , to supply flowers and/or architectural quality .
gardens which have been carefully designed and closely planted may appear to be unsuitable for [more] plantings of herbs , but a herbaceous border , for instance , which needs to be re-dug every few years , with some of its incumbents divided or discarded , can well take some herbal plants , to supply flowers and/or architectural quality .

reminiscent of caraway , with an additional odour , whole plant , particularly the seeds , used in perfumery
reminiscent of caraway , with an [more] odour , whole plant , particularly the seeds , used in perfumery

Nonetheless there is sufficient evidence to suggest that concurrent performance of certain cognitive tasks can in some circumstances alter left-right perceptual asymmetries ( Kinsbourne , 1970 ; 1973 ; Hellige , 1978 ; Hellige , Cox and Litvac , 1979 ; Allard and Bryden , 1979 ; Rizzolatti , Bertolini and Buchtel , 1979 ; Beaumont and Colley , 1980 ) … The problem is that the additional task has sometimes been found to facilitate performance in the visual field opposite the supposedly activated hemisphere and in other cases has been found to impair performance .
nonetheless there is sufficient evidence to suggest that concurrent performance of certain cognitive tasks can in some circumstances alter left-right perceptual asymmetries ( kinsbourne , 1970 ; 1973 ; hellige , 1978 ; hellige , cox and litvac , 1979 ; allard and bryden , 1979 ; rizzolatti , bertolini and buchtel , 1979 ; beaumont and colley , 1980 ) … the problem is that the [more] task has sometimes been found to facilitate performance in the visual field opposite the supposedly activated hemisphere and in other cases has been found to impair performance .

When the effect of an additional task is to disrupt rather than facilitate performance then the two tasks are said to compete for the same `` functional space `` within the hemispheres .
when the effect of an [more] task is to disrupt rather than facilitate performance then the two tasks are said to compete for the same `` functional space `` within the hemispheres .

( b ) Additional lights
( b ) [more] lights

Visual information helps us interpret the audio signals we receive by reinforcing them with additional clues : a beckoning finger reinforces the words `` Come here `` ; at the same time the expression on the face of the beckoner can give us a clue as to the nature of the summons .
visual information helps us interpret the audio signals we receive by reinforcing them with [more] clues : a beckoning finger reinforces the words `` come here `` ; at the same time the expression on the face of the beckoner can give us a clue as to the nature of the summons .

With video they have all the additional clues the visuals give them while they watch and listen .
with video they have all the [more] clues the visuals give them while they watch and listen .

This is a good use of video because it capitalises on video 's naturalism to present more realistic examples of language , and the visual support video offers can lighten the additional language load .
this is a good use of video because it capitalises on video 's naturalism to present more realistic examples of language , and the visual support video offers can lighten the [more] language load .

The additional organisational problem is to have the video equipment you need set up so that recording and playback sessions do n't disrupt the working of the other groups .
the [more] organisational problem is to have the video equipment you need set up so that recording and playback sessions do n't disrupt the working of the other groups .

Of the 168 vacancies thus created , 42 were to be filled by new borough seats , including eight new London seats and seats for Manchester , Leeds , and Birmingham ; 55 were to be devoted to the provision of additional members for countries , to augment what had traditionally been regarded as the most `` independent `` element in the representative system ; and nine new places were to be given to Scotland , Ireland and Wales .
of the 168 vacancies thus created , 42 were to be filled by new borough seats , including eight new london seats and seats for manchester , leeds , and birmingham ; 55 were to be devoted to the provision of [more] members for countries , to augment what had traditionally been regarded as the most `` independent `` element in the representative system ; and nine new places were to be given to scotland , ireland and wales .

( a ) How meaningful would the first statement have been to you without this additional information ?
( a ) how meaningful would the first statement have been to you without this [more] information ?

( b ) Which parts of this additional information could be further expanded by your own contextual knowledge ?
( b ) which parts of this [more] information could be further expanded by your own contextual knowledge ?

This may take the form of supporting evidence , additional explanation or illustrative details and examples .
this may take the form of supporting evidence , [more] explanation or illustrative details and examples .

Hence another Cabinet meeting on Saturday , the 22nd … to try to agree on additional economies which would win Opposition support .
hence another cabinet meeting on saturday , the 22nd … to try to agree on [more] economies which would win opposition support .

Any additional rows , visible inside the body whorl of adult dog-whelks , indicate periods when growth stopped during their early life .
any [more] rows , visible inside the body whorl of adult dog-whelks , indicate periods when growth stopped during their early life .

It is also important to carry out regular water changes — do n't forget to make adjustments with additional salt .
it is also important to carry out regular water changes — do n't forget to make adjustments with [more] salt .

The same weekend a 4′ water tank was purchased along with the necessary pipework/fittings and the additional filter was constructed over this period .
the same weekend a 4′ water tank was purchased along with the necessary pipework/fittings and the [more] filter was constructed over this period .

The water level in the additional pond is about 4″ below the capping stones and the water depth is 25″ which , for me , is ideal .
the water level in the [more] pond is about 4″ below the capping stones and the water depth is 25″ which , for me , is ideal .

The most familiar , though normally invisible , additional distortion is that of the wide-screen processes , which squash the images sideways to fit them onto 35mm film and stretch them again for projection .
the most familiar , though normally invisible , [more] distortion is that of the wide-screen processes , which squash the images sideways to fit them onto 35mm film and stretch them again for projection .

With the advent of colour , the existing difficulty of matching light levels was further complicated by the additional problems of matching colours in saturation as well as in hue .
with the advent of colour , the existing difficulty of matching light levels was further complicated by the [more] problems of matching colours in saturation as well as in hue .

As an additional sophistication in Superman , both camera and projector were slung from rigs that allowed them to be moved too .
as an [more] sophistication in superman , both camera and projector were slung from rigs that allowed them to be moved too .

Stunt persons and dancers , not exceptionally tall but fairly thin , were employed to get unusual , quirky movements , and the scale was faked by using additional puppets , 8 feet ( 2.4m ) tall and very thin , of several types for individual shots , some merely to be destroyed .
stunt persons and dancers , not exceptionally tall but fairly thin , were employed to get unusual , quirky movements , and the scale was faked by using [more] puppets , 8 feet ( 2.4m ) tall and very thin , of several types for individual shots , some merely to be destroyed .

Additional notions derived from ‘ western ’ , or rather ‘ northern ’ medicine have been grafted onto the original syncretization , partly because of the relentless propaganda war waged by the pharmaceutical companies and partly through vaccination campaigns and health promotion programmes .
[more] notions derived from ‘ western ’ , or rather ‘ northern ’ medicine have been grafted onto the original syncretization , partly because of the relentless propaganda war waged by the pharmaceutical companies and partly through vaccination campaigns and health promotion programmes .

In many cases the traditional healers and midwives are already part of the primary health care structure of the village or community and have received additional training so that the most positive aspects of traditional and non-traditional medicine can be combined in ways that are acceptable to the community .
in many cases the traditional healers and midwives are already part of the primary health care structure of the village or community and have received [more] training so that the most positive aspects of traditional and non-traditional medicine can be combined in ways that are acceptable to the community .

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

The club offers , in fact , the additional sex-hell of the overweight , unattractive clientele being dressed entirely in ill-fitting nylon gymslips and hockey outfits .
the club offers , in fact , the [more] sex-hell of the overweight , unattractive clientele being dressed entirely in ill-fitting nylon gymslips and hockey outfits .

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

The following additional case was cited in argument :
the following [more] case was cited in argument :

The original trust deed can not be traced but a more recent trust deed dated 1 October 1984 provides that the trustees are to hold the trust property , comprising the premises of the school and any additional site that may be acquired , for the purposes of a Roman Catholic Voluntary Aided School to be conducted in accordance with the Education Acts .
the original trust deed can not be traced but a more recent trust deed dated 1 october 1984 provides that the trustees are to hold the trust property , comprising the premises of the school and any [more] site that may be acquired , for the purposes of a roman catholic voluntary aided school to be conducted in accordance with the education acts .

Although the factors outlined above have probably been the most important considerations in the growth of rural manufacturing , an additional reason can be found in the role of the state .
although the factors outlined above have probably been the most important considerations in the growth of rural manufacturing , an [more] reason can be found in the role of the state .

This growth area strategy has been complemented by the designation of an additional 27 rural development points considered to be capable of further economic growth , whether in industry , as in Kirkwall , or services , as in east Sutherland .
this growth area strategy has been complemented by the designation of an [more] 27 rural development points considered to be capable of further economic growth , whether in industry , as in kirkwall , or services , as in east sutherland .

The early 1970s saw additional impetus being given to housing improvements by the designation , under the 1969 Housing Act , of General Improvement Areas ( GIAs ) .
the early 1970s saw [more] impetus being given to housing improvements by the designation , under the 1969 housing act , of general improvement areas ( gias ) .

Average over-occupancy and under-occupancy rates suggest an additional rural problem : that in many locations the housing stock is not being as ‘ efficiently ’ utilized as it could be .
average over-occupancy and under-occupancy rates suggest an [more] rural problem : that in many locations the housing stock is not being as ‘ efficiently ’ utilized as it could be .

The Protection from Eviction Act 1977 gave some additional protection since the courts could delay eviction .
the protection from eviction act 1977 gave some [more] protection since the courts could delay eviction .

In addition , many rural areas were traversed by the rail network , which gave them an additional lifeline and a link with main centres .
in addition , many rural areas were traversed by the rail network , which gave them an [more] lifeline and a link with main centres .

In addition to the means of transport already discussed ( private car , rail and bus ) , some additional or innovative methods of ‘ getting about ’ have been introduced in rural areas of Britain .
in addition to the means of transport already discussed ( private car , rail and bus ) , some [more] or innovative methods of ‘ getting about ’ have been introduced in rural areas of britain .

It has been estimated that more than one-third of the land area of the United Kingdom is covered by these additional restraints .
it has been estimated that more than one-third of the land area of the united kingdom is covered by these [more] restraints .

In some areas urban pressure on the periphery creates additional problems because expansion may be into areas of considerable landscape value .
in some areas urban pressure on the periphery creates [more] problems because expansion may be into areas of considerable landscape value .

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

The following additional cases were cited in argument .
the following [more] cases were cited in argument .

The difficulty about regarding this as the whole story , however , is that the court does not seem to have been in doubt that the purpose of the additional charges was to prevent the release of the applicants , but it did not regard this as conclusive .
the difficulty about regarding this as the whole story , however , is that the court does not seem to have been in doubt that the purpose of the [more] charges was to prevent the release of the applicants , but it did not regard this as conclusive .

The nature of an additional element amounting to mala fides or dishonesty seems rather elusive .
the nature of an [more] element amounting to mala fides or dishonesty seems rather elusive .

Moreover , this conclusion points to two additional guidelines .
moreover , this conclusion points to two [more] guidelines .

What gives this discussion an additional interest , though , is that it is incorporated into an ambitious overarching historical schema , which aims to ‘ explain ' nothing less than the whole development of world music .
what gives this discussion an [more] interest , though , is that it is incorporated into an ambitious overarching historical schema , which aims to ‘ explain ' nothing less than the whole development of world music .

The improved trade routes of the Hellenistic period brought additional precious substances to the Mediterranean world , including emeralds , sapphires ( and possibly rubies ) and diamonds , as well as increased supplies of the Roman favourite , pearls .
the improved trade routes of the hellenistic period brought [more] precious substances to the mediterranean world , including emeralds , sapphires ( and possibly rubies ) and diamonds , as well as increased supplies of the roman favourite , pearls .

An additional source has now been traced to the Balsas river which flows south from the highlands of central Mexico to the Pacific .
an [more] source has now been traced to the balsas river which flows south from the highlands of central mexico to the pacific .

No additional cases were cited in argument .
no [more] cases were cited in argument .

By an amended notice of appeal dated 31 January 1992 , the following additional grounds were added .
by an amended notice of appeal dated 31 january 1992 , the following [more] grounds were added .

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

He rejected the idea of compulsorily alienating noble land , but tried to alleviate peasant land hunger by providing additional credit for peasants to buy land and by facilitating resettlement on vacant land in Siberia .
he rejected the idea of compulsorily alienating noble land , but tried to alleviate peasant land hunger by providing [more] credit for peasants to buy land and by facilitating resettlement on vacant land in siberia .

Additional relief was provided by a sustained programme of migration from European Russia to Siberia .
[more] relief was provided by a sustained programme of migration from european russia to siberia .

In an attempt to remedy the problem , the government has made provision for 1,000 additional bail hostel places to be made available by April 1993 .
in an attempt to remedy the problem , the government has made provision for 1,000 [more] bail hostel places to be made available by april 1993 .

However , they are most unlikely to solve the problem of excessive delays , partly because the limits themselves are so generous and partly because the prosecution is free in any event to ask for additional time .
however , they are most unlikely to solve the problem of excessive delays , partly because the limits themselves are so generous and partly because the prosecution is free in any event to ask for [more] time .

There are a few additional restrictions on the use or combination of certain measures , but apart from these limited inroads little attempt has been made to confine the discretion of sentencers by statute .
there are a few [more] restrictions on the use or combination of certain measures , but apart from these limited inroads little attempt has been made to confine the discretion of sentencers by statute .

For example , as we shall see in Chapter 7 , the main response of successive governments to the growing prison numbers crisis from the 1960s to the 1990s was to provide a range of additional penal measures and then , out of deference to the principle of judicial independence , to rely on exhortation rather than legislative direction in an attempt to change the sentencing practice of the courts .
for example , as we shall see in chapter 7 , the main response of successive governments to the growing prison numbers crisis from the 1960s to the 1990s was to provide a range of [more] penal measures and then , out of deference to the principle of judicial independence , to rely on exhortation rather than legislative direction in an attempt to change the sentencing practice of the courts .

Tree growth is possible and , until the depredations of humans and goats destroyed much of the forest cover , timber cutting provided a much-needed additional source of income to supplement the meagre subsistence of the peasants .
tree growth is possible and , until the depredations of humans and goats destroyed much of the forest cover , timber cutting provided a much-needed [more] source of income to supplement the meagre subsistence of the peasants .

‘ An additional bonus that will save our men 's lives , since no one will be able to shoot at them , ’ von Stein shouted .
‘ an [more] bonus that will save our men 's lives , since no one will be able to shoot at them , ’ von stein shouted .

All three officers executed the approved additional formal full bow in Grigoriev 's direction .
all three officers executed the approved [more] formal full bow in grigoriev 's direction .

Elton , Gruber and Rentzler ( 1984 ) identify two additional ways in which the spot and futures prices may be brought back into line — swaps and trade-the-cheapest .
elton , gruber and rentzler ( 1984 ) identify two [more] ways in which the spot and futures prices may be brought back into line — swaps and trade-the-cheapest .

The assumption will normally be met for long positions in shares , but for short positions the potential losses are infinite and , if there has been a substantial rise in the index , a short seller may be required to put up additional funds before delivery .
the assumption will normally be met for long positions in shares , but for short positions the potential losses are infinite and , if there has been a substantial rise in the index , a short seller may be required to put up [more] funds before delivery .

One implication of this general equilibrium model is that market volatility is added to stochastic interest rates as an additional reason for being unable to specify the direction of the relationship between forward and futures prices , as discussed in Section 5.3.3 .
one implication of this general equilibrium model is that market volatility is added to stochastic interest rates as an [more] reason for being unable to specify the direction of the relationship between forward and futures prices , as discussed in section 5.3.3 .

This additional information is then available to traders in the spot market .
this [more] information is then available to traders in the spot market .

The index and the future differ in respect of the times at which they value the basket of shares in the index , and this can be a source of additional information .
the index and the future differ in respect of the times at which they value the basket of shares in the index , and this can be a source of [more] information .

If a rate of return could also be defined for futures markets , futures could then be treated as an additional asset in portfolio and capital market theories , and the concept and tests of market efficiency could also be extended , in a straightforward manner , to futures markets .
if a rate of return could also be defined for futures markets , futures could then be treated as an [more] asset in portfolio and capital market theories , and the concept and tests of market efficiency could also be extended , in a straightforward manner , to futures markets .

Garman and Klass ( 1980 ) developed Parkinson 's work by considering an additional piece of information — the closing price — when estimating the variance .
garman and klass ( 1980 ) developed parkinson 's work by considering an [more] piece of information — the closing price — when estimating the variance .

There are many possible ways in which one may incur tortious liability through the instrumentality of an animal under one 's control , but the fact that the agent happens to be animate rather than inanimate is immaterial , for while the common law , like other legal systems , developed special or additional rules of liability for animals , it did not deny the applicability to them of the general law .
there are many possible ways in which one may incur tortious liability through the instrumentality of an animal under one 's control , but the fact that the agent happens to be animate rather than inanimate is immaterial , for while the common law , like other legal systems , developed special or [more] rules of liability for animals , it did not deny the applicability to them of the general law .

The Friendly Societies and insurance companies , who were already involved in the provision of sickness cover for many working people , were allowed to participate as agents for the scheme and providers of additional benefits .
the friendly societies and insurance companies , who were already involved in the provision of sickness cover for many working people , were allowed to participate as agents for the scheme and providers of [more] benefits .

Broadly , the compromise reached was extended but not unlimited insurance benefits , the operation of strict and quite unrealistic tests to ensure that people were ‘ genuinely seeking work ’ , the use of additional means-tested benefits known then as ‘ doles ’ , and acceptance that the poor law authorities would give extensive ‘ outdoor ’ relief to the unemployed .
broadly , the compromise reached was extended but not unlimited insurance benefits , the operation of strict and quite unrealistic tests to ensure that people were ‘ genuinely seeking work ’ , the use of [more] means-tested benefits known then as ‘ doles ’ , and acceptance that the poor law authorities would give extensive ‘ outdoor ’ relief to the unemployed .

Titmuss , together with others who developed his work such as Sinfield and Townsend , argued that these other welfare systems may provide large benefits additional to , or quite separate from , the benefits provided by the more central institutions of the welfare state .
titmuss , together with others who developed his work such as sinfield and townsend , argued that these other welfare systems may provide large benefits [more] to , or quite separate from , the benefits provided by the more central institutions of the welfare state .

Additional allowances that can be paid include a constant attendance allowance , exceptionally severe disablement allowance , and reduced earnings supplement , which is paid to those who are unable to work in their normal occupation as a result of industrial accident or disease , and can be claimed either in addition to or separate from disablement benefit , payable where appropriate .
[more] allowances that can be paid include a constant attendance allowance , exceptionally severe disablement allowance , and reduced earnings supplement , which is paid to those who are unable to work in their normal occupation as a result of industrial accident or disease , and can be claimed either in addition to or separate from disablement benefit , payable where appropriate .

War disablement pensions remain payable to those disabled during the wars , and they carry a range of additional allowances similar to those under the industrial injuries scheme .
war disablement pensions remain payable to those disabled during the wars , and they carry a range of [more] allowances similar to those under the industrial injuries scheme .

Information on inpatient and outpatient waiting times by specialty and consultant was sent , every three months , to local general practitioners , who had the additional benefit of a direct , ex–directory telephone link to the centre to make inquiries .
information on inpatient and outpatient waiting times by specialty and consultant was sent , every three months , to local general practitioners , who had the [more] benefit of a direct , ex–directory telephone link to the centre to make inquiries .

We suggest the following : when an additional risk factor ( preterm labour , prolonged rupture of membranes , or fever ) is present conventional culture and a rapid test should be performed , and if either gives a positive , result antibiotics should be given during labour .
we suggest the following : when an [more] risk factor ( preterm labour , prolonged rupture of membranes , or fever ) is present conventional culture and a rapid test should be performed , and if either gives a positive , result antibiotics should be given during labour .

Six practices agreed to participate and one additional , smaller practice ( 6119 patients ) was also recruited as a control .
six practices agreed to participate and one [more] , smaller practice ( 6119 patients ) was also recruited as a control .

It is evident that Howard and colleagues reduced the level of service in their attempt to extend it from Sunderland alone to 13 additional hospitals in the region .
it is evident that howard and colleagues reduced the level of service in their attempt to extend it from sunderland alone to 13 [more] hospitals in the region .

Being unemployed has all the social , psychological and moral effects characteristic of men but with additional gender-specific dynamics .
being unemployed has all the social , psychological and moral effects characteristic of men but with [more] gender-specific dynamics .

Lone parents do receive slightly more advantageous treatment than couples , with a lone-parent family premium in income support , a small weekly addition to child benefit in the form of one-parent benefit and an additional tax allowance .
lone parents do receive slightly more advantageous treatment than couples , with a lone-parent family premium in income support , a small weekly addition to child benefit in the form of one-parent benefit and an [more] tax allowance .

Some felt their children had been hurt by the family breakdown and that they needed additional care .
some felt their children had been hurt by the family breakdown and that they needed [more] care .

However , two additional issues have only recently begun to be explored : first , the extent to which the work of informal care-giving also incurs extra expenditure , over and above any additional costs arising directly out of disablement ; and , secondly , the extent to which the costs of disablement are in fact borne by carers and other members of their households , because the incomes of disabled and elderly people themselves are simply too low .
however , two [more] issues have only recently begun to be explored : first , the extent to which the work of informal care-giving also incurs extra expenditure , over and above any [more] costs arising directly out of disablement ; and , secondly , the extent to which the costs of disablement are in fact borne by carers and other members of their households , because the incomes of disabled and elderly people themselves are simply too low .

First , where an elderly person had moved into the household of a younger generation relative , the latter often made extra purchases , ranging from an extra bed or bedding through to the construction of an additional bedroom , in order to provide the necessary accommodation .
first , where an elderly person had moved into the household of a younger generation relative , the latter often made extra purchases , ranging from an extra bed or bedding through to the construction of an [more] bedroom , in order to provide the necessary accommodation .

For example , disability is a major indicator of the need for additional income and other resources among those both under and over retirement age ( Townsend , 1981 ) .
for example , disability is a major indicator of the need for [more] income and other resources among those both under and over retirement age ( townsend , 1981 ) .

The civil service , like the private telegraph companies , found its female employees to be competent , ‘ docile ’ workers , with the additional advantage of being cheaper to employ than men .
the civil service , like the private telegraph companies , found its female employees to be competent , ‘ docile ’ workers , with the [more] advantage of being cheaper to employ than men .

Even if her scheme permits her to make additional pension contributions to make up for missing years of service , such payments will cost her more than would be the case for a man of the same age and salary status , since the arrangements assume that a woman will live longer and therefore claim benefits for longer than a man .
even if her scheme permits her to make [more] pension contributions to make up for missing years of service , such payments will cost her more than would be the case for a man of the same age and salary status , since the arrangements assume that a woman will live longer and therefore claim benefits for longer than a man .

Combined with changes introduced earlier in the decade , the 1986 Social Security Act has worked to increase the financial responsibilities of parents on benefit and reduce their access to additional sources of financial support for expenses that they are unable to meet from their regular benefit .
combined with changes introduced earlier in the decade , the 1986 social security act has worked to increase the financial responsibilities of parents on benefit and reduce their access to [more] sources of financial support for expenses that they are unable to meet from their regular benefit .

Looking for additional sources of help for survival
looking for [more] sources of help for survival

For mothers faced with the task of reconciling an inadequate income with the health needs of their children , small additional sources of income can take on a significance disproportionate to their size .
for mothers faced with the task of reconciling an inadequate income with the health needs of their children , small [more] sources of income can take on a significance disproportionate to their size .

However , the value of this additional source of income has been falling in real terms over the last decade .
however , the value of this [more] source of income has been falling in real terms over the last decade .

Thus , rather than an additional source of money , the Social Fund represents an additional fixed cost and one , moreover , which is repaid by direct deductions from benefit .
thus , rather than an [more] source of money , the social fund represents an [more] fixed cost and one , moreover , which is repaid by direct deductions from benefit .

For an additional £35 , you can buy the cabling needed to link two Apricot machines together .
for an [more] £35 , you can buy the cabling needed to link two apricot machines together .

It 's difficult to work out the exact specification you 'll need , so check our software reviews , where we recommend the hardware you 'll need to run each package . Here are a few additional pointers :
it 's difficult to work out the exact specification you 'll need , so check our software reviews , where we recommend the hardware you 'll need to run each package . here are a few [more] pointers :

There 's also a couple of fields for additional notes .
there 's also a couple of fields for [more] notes .

Other optional extras include a worldwide rapid charger , which costs an additional £80 , and decreases the charge time to an hour and a half .
other optional extras include a worldwide rapid charger , which costs an [more] £80 , and decreases the charge time to an hour and a half .

The white client 's basic and additional pensions can take him or her well above these levels .
the white client 's basic and [more] pensions can take him or her well above these levels .

However , it is generally accepted that none of the items which supplement the basic 17 questions provide additional information of value .
however , it is generally accepted that none of the items which supplement the basic 17 questions provide [more] information of value .

We performed additional analyses restricted to subjects whose history of smoking was known at baseline .
we performed [more] analyses restricted to subjects whose history of smoking was known at baseline .

One practice was considering using its surplus to employ an additional orthopaedic surgeon at the district general hospital to clear the practice 's long orthopaedic waiting list .
one practice was considering using its surplus to employ an [more] orthopaedic surgeon at the district general hospital to clear the practice 's long orthopaedic waiting list .

With an extension of the services covered by the fund , and a reduction in management allowances as more practices take funds , this additional workload will increase and the rewards will dwindle .
with an extension of the services covered by the fund , and a reduction in management allowances as more practices take funds , this [more] workload will increase and the rewards will dwindle .

The second generation enzyme immunoassay , which includes two additional antigens , c200 and c22–3 , has replaced the less sensitive one antigen capture assay .
the second generation enzyme immunoassay , which includes two [more] antigens , c200 and c22–3 , has replaced the less sensitive one antigen capture assay .

Hypertension may be controlled by a nitroprusside infusion , which has the additional advantage of aiding heat loss by peripheral vasodilatation .
hypertension may be controlled by a nitroprusside infusion , which has the [more] advantage of aiding heat loss by peripheral vasodilatation .

Additional recordings with electroencephalogram , video , or other respiratory measures were used to confirm diagnoses .
[more] recordings with electroencephalogram , video , or other respiratory measures were used to confirm diagnoses .

Management involved monitoring of oxygen at home , additional inspired oxygen , anticonvulsant treatment , or child protection procedures .
management involved monitoring of oxygen at home , [more] inspired oxygen , anticonvulsant treatment , or child protection procedures .

One hundred and thirteen had been born at term and the others at a median gestational age of 32 weeks ( range 24–36 ) ; none of the latter had been discharged from their neonatal unit on additional inspired oxygen .
one hundred and thirteen had been born at term and the others at a median gestational age of 32 weeks ( range 24–36 ) ; none of the latter had been discharged from their neonatal unit on [more] inspired oxygen .

Subsequent investigations included continuous recordings in hospital with the aim of capturing further events with signals additional to those on the event recorder ( for example , three channels of electroencephalograms , nasal airflow , respiratory inductance plethysmography , transcutaneous or end tidal carbon dioxide ) .
subsequent investigations included continuous recordings in hospital with the aim of capturing further events with signals [more] to those on the event recorder ( for example , three channels of electroencephalograms , nasal airflow , respiratory inductance plethysmography , transcutaneous or end tidal carbon dioxide ) .

Patients discharged on additional inspired oxygen received this by nasal cannulas ( de Vilbiss ) .
patients discharged on [more] inspired oxygen received this by nasal cannulas ( de vilbiss ) .

Additional inspired oxygen was discontinued only after an overnight recording performed 6–8 weeks after the last event had confirmed normal baseline and stable oxygenation .
[more] inspired oxygen was discontinued only after an overnight recording performed 6–8 weeks after the last event had confirmed normal baseline and stable oxygenation .

Twenty nine of these 40 patients ( 15 with baseline hypoxaemia and 14 with recurrent hypoxaemic events ) received continuous additional inspired oxygen .
twenty nine of these 40 patients ( 15 with baseline hypoxaemia and 14 with recurrent hypoxaemic events ) received continuous [more] inspired oxygen .

The administration of additional inspired oxygen seemed to be of benefit ; in 15 patients with baseline hypoxaemia this would be expected as episodic desaturation has been reported to be more severe if baseline hypoxaemia is present .
the administration of [more] inspired oxygen seemed to be of benefit ; in 15 patients with baseline hypoxaemia this would be expected as episodic desaturation has been reported to be more severe if baseline hypoxaemia is present .

These episodes can be due to both apnoeic and non-apnoeic mechanisms , and some of the apparent benefits of additional inspired oxygen may arise through relaxation of bronchiolar or pulmonary arteriolar muscle tone , both of which may increase in response to airway hypoxia .
these episodes can be due to both apnoeic and non-apnoeic mechanisms , and some of the apparent benefits of [more] inspired oxygen may arise through relaxation of bronchiolar or pulmonary arteriolar muscle tone , both of which may increase in response to airway hypoxia .

Reaccreditation could be handled most convincingly by a body drawn from the caring and scientific professions , with additional publicly elected or appointed representatives .
reaccreditation could be handled most convincingly by a body drawn from the caring and scientific professions , with [more] publicly elected or appointed representatives .

Additional requirements for inclusion in the study were age under 75 years , life expectancy over two months , Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status < 3 , no previous chemotherapy , and adequate haematological ( leucocyte count > 4×10/l , platelet > 150×10/l ) , hepatic ( no jaundice and serum aminotransferase concentrations < 100 IU/l ) , and renal ( serum creatinine < 132.6 µmol/l , creatinine clearance > 1 ml/s ) functions .
[more] requirements for inclusion in the study were age under 75 years , life expectancy over two months , eastern cooperative oncology group performance status < 3 , no previous chemotherapy , and adequate haematological ( leucocyte count > 4×10/l , platelet > 150×10/l ) , hepatic ( no jaundice and serum aminotransferase concentrations < 100 iu/l ) , and renal ( serum creatinine < 132.6 µmol/l , creatinine clearance > 1 ml/s ) functions .

Assessment of the first 150 cases after one year in April 1983 confirmed that tonsillectomy had no additional benefit compared with adenoidectomy alone .
assessment of the first 150 cases after one year in april 1983 confirmed that tonsillectomy had no [more] benefit compared with adenoidectomy alone .

The decision to combine adenoidectomy with insertion of tubes should consider the additional morbidity and mortality and also the probable need for an overnight stay in hospital for adenoidectomy compared with a day case admission for tube insertion alone .
the decision to combine adenoidectomy with insertion of tubes should consider the [more] morbidity and mortality and also the probable need for an overnight stay in hospital for adenoidectomy compared with a day case admission for tube insertion alone .

People being assessed are also offered an advocacy service in case they feel that they would benefit from additional support .
people being assessed are also offered an advocacy service in case they feel that they would benefit from [more] support .

This model of assessment and care management will be used for all client groups in Southwark , but in the mental health services some additional features , both legislative and professional , will be incorporated into the overall structure .
this model of assessment and care management will be used for all client groups in southwark , but in the mental health services some [more] features , both legislative and professional , will be incorporated into the overall structure .

People who choose to be private patients in public hospitals have 75 % of the schedule fee reimbursed by Medicare and pay any additional fees through private insurance , if they have it .
people who choose to be private patients in public hospitals have 75 % of the schedule fee reimbursed by medicare and pay any [more] fees through private insurance , if they have it .

An additional £600m ( $ A1.36bn ) over five years has been allocated for this .
an [more] £600m ( $ a1.36bn ) over five years has been allocated for this .

In response to the National Aboriginal Health Strategy the federal government has allocated an additional £108m ( $ A232m ) over a five year period from 1990 to 1995 .
in response to the national aboriginal health strategy the federal government has allocated an [more] £108m ( $ a232m ) over a five year period from 1990 to 1995 .

All employees identified by linkage to industrial records also reported that they had worked in the nuclear industry and no additional parents reported having been an employee .
all employees identified by linkage to industrial records also reported that they had worked in the nuclear industry and no [more] parents reported having been an employee .

Three additional parents reported that they worked on contract at nuclear sites and had been monitored for exposure to radiation before their child was diagnosed ( one father of a case , after conception ; one father of a control , before conception ; one mother of a control , before conception ) .
three [more] parents reported that they worked on contract at nuclear sites and had been monitored for exposure to radiation before their child was diagnosed ( one father of a case , after conception ; one father of a control , before conception ; one mother of a control , before conception ) .

Improving selection and retention of medical staff to redress the expected deficit in manpower would be an alternative or additional approach .
improving selection and retention of medical staff to redress the expected deficit in manpower would be an alternative or [more] approach .

If all three aspects are not addressed the 240 additional cannon fodder will not remain in the system either .
if all three aspects are not addressed the 240 [more] cannon fodder will not remain in the system either .

We have also shown that selective decontamination of the gut has antiseptic ( anti-inflammatory ) properties , which may be additional to its anti-infective ( antibacterial ) effect .
we have also shown that selective decontamination of the gut has antiseptic ( anti-inflammatory ) properties , which may be [more] to its anti-infective ( antibacterial ) effect .

We subsequently undertook an additional study of the records of 450 call outs of London police surgeons and are now conducting research for the first comprehensive national study of police surgeons .
we subsequently undertook an [more] study of the records of 450 call outs of london police surgeons and are now conducting research for the first comprehensive national study of police surgeons .

Other studies , especially randomised controlled trials , may be of little additional help as many exclude important groups such as women or elderly people .
other studies , especially randomised controlled trials , may be of little [more] help as many exclude important groups such as women or elderly people .

The additional services needed therefore have to be financed from some other source .
the [more] services needed therefore have to be financed from some other source .

If the tenants can get this it can be used to provide additional care .
if the tenants can get this it can be used to provide [more] care .

The changes include : 7.1.1 The abolition of the additional requirements allowance and the substitution of premiums to the Income Support Scheme for elderly and disabled people .
the changes include : 7.1.1 the abolition of the [more] requirements allowance and the substitution of premiums to the income support scheme for elderly and disabled people .

7.1.2 The introduction of an Independent Living Fund administered by the Disablement Income Group as a substitute for the domestic help additional requirement .
7.1.2 the introduction of an independent living fund administered by the disablement income group as a substitute for the domestic help [more] requirement .

This sometimes throws an additional casework burden on their colleagues .
this sometimes throws an [more] casework burden on their colleagues .

Additional home support can be provided for a further 10 clients who do not wish to or can not attend the day centre .
[more] home support can be provided for a further 10 clients who do not wish to or can not attend the day centre .

It was suggested that `` The provision of these new additional and replacement continuing care units will also facilitate the desirable reduction in size of many larger inappropriately sited mental illness hospitals . ``
it was suggested that `` the provision of these new [more] and replacement continuing care units will also facilitate the desirable reduction in size of many larger inappropriately sited mental illness hospitals . ``

This system of teaching advocates the flexible use , singly or in combination according to the need of the child , of a variety of additional methods of communication like reading , writing , mime , gesture and amplification of sound .
this system of teaching advocates the flexible use , singly or in combination according to the need of the child , of a variety of [more] methods of communication like reading , writing , mime , gesture and amplification of sound .

After exposure , the plate was developed conventionally to form a negative , then reversed by an additional bath of potassium permanganate and sulphuric acid to form a positive .
after exposure , the plate was developed conventionally to form a negative , then reversed by an [more] bath of potassium permanganate and sulphuric acid to form a positive .

Whether this difference represents an important additional effect of salmeterol or is simply due to a higher relative dose is uncertain .
whether this difference represents an important [more] effect of salmeterol or is simply due to a higher relative dose is uncertain .

It is recommended that salmeterol be taken regularly twice daily and that a shorter acting β 2 agonist such as salbutamol be added for additional relief .
it is recommended that salmeterol be taken regularly twice daily and that a shorter acting β 2 agonist such as salbutamol be added for [more] relief .

They were asked if additional radiographs of the spine could be taken , and 149 ( 78 % ) agreed .
they were asked if [more] radiographs of the spine could be taken , and 149 ( 78 % ) agreed .

Additional complexities are involved if league tables contain studies from several countries .
[more] complexities are involved if league tables contain studies from several countries .

Further consideration of the physiological process of labour at term raises an additional point .
further consideration of the physiological process of labour at term raises an [more] point .

They may also include several additional items of useful information : the duration of disease ( for example , diabetes , malignancy ) or date of operation , the certainty or otherwise of a diagnosis , the existence of an unexplained or undiagnosed symptom or sign , and involvement of other hospitals or carers .
they may also include several [more] items of useful information : the duration of disease ( for example , diabetes , malignancy ) or date of operation , the certainty or otherwise of a diagnosis , the existence of an unexplained or undiagnosed symptom or sign , and involvement of other hospitals or carers .

There are other additional benefits .
there are other [more] benefits .

Before any of them can be significantly claimed to be logical as well as grammatical subjects , and treated as denoting certain objects that exist in their own right rather than merely describing attributes of such objects , or representing something purely fictional , certain additional conditions must be fulfilled .
before any of them can be significantly claimed to be logical as well as grammatical subjects , and treated as denoting certain objects that exist in their own right rather than merely describing attributes of such objects , or representing something purely fictional , certain [more] conditions must be fulfilled .

Leibniz took a different route and looked for clues to particularity within the monads themselves , but the only `` criterion `` he was able to produce was his `` principle of indiscernibles `` , and eventually he was forced to introduce the additional metaphysical postulate of `` sufficient reason `` in order to safeguard the existential uniqueness of his monads .
leibniz took a different route and looked for clues to particularity within the monads themselves , but the only `` criterion `` he was able to produce was his `` principle of indiscernibles `` , and eventually he was forced to introduce the [more] metaphysical postulate of `` sufficient reason `` in order to safeguard the existential uniqueness of his monads .

But as is already clear from what was said in the last chapter , the irreducibility thesis , plausible though it may appear at first sight , remains highly vulnerable to criticism and requires important additional assumptions if it is to be taken at all seriously .
but as is already clear from what was said in the last chapter , the irreducibility thesis , plausible though it may appear at first sight , remains highly vulnerable to criticism and requires important [more] assumptions if it is to be taken at all seriously .

However , it is necessary to consider this in a little more detail , for it might be argued that a rather better case could be made out for the materialist theory than the dismissive remarks of the preceding section seem to suggest , provided certain additional facts are taken into consideration .
however , it is necessary to consider this in a little more detail , for it might be argued that a rather better case could be made out for the materialist theory than the dismissive remarks of the preceding section seem to suggest , provided certain [more] facts are taken into consideration .

’ One of those bits of added value must undoubtedly be the additional contacts which that person can provide .
’ one of those bits of added value must undoubtedly be the [more] contacts which that person can provide .

In short , those who propose a deprivation weighting must decide whether this is to be additional to or a substitute for mortality .
in short , those who propose a deprivation weighting must decide whether this is to be [more] to or a substitute for mortality .

If an indicator of social deprivation is additional to mortality , then how are the effects of each to be identified and understood ?
if an indicator of social deprivation is [more] to mortality , then how are the effects of each to be identified and understood ?

This ignores the substantial number of additional cases that would arise if screening became widespread .
this ignores the substantial number of [more] cases that would arise if screening became widespread .

The necessary solution lies in additional consultant appointments and also additional staff in training grades .
the necessary solution lies in [more] consultant appointments and also [more] staff in training grades .

He also knew that his grandmother 's death would bring him additional wealth .
he also knew that his grandmother 's death would bring him [more] wealth .

This imposes an additional demand on the system of levels .
this imposes an [more] demand on the system of levels .

We can not say how many of these are primarily curricular in nature , and how many were motivated by the prospects of additional money which might be attached to a statement under local formula funding arrangements .
we can not say how many of these are primarily curricular in nature , and how many were motivated by the prospects of [more] money which might be attached to a statement under local formula funding arrangements .

The paradox is , of course , that were this groundwork to be done there would be much less need for additional classroom support in the first place !
the paradox is , of course , that were this groundwork to be done there would be much less need for [more] classroom support in the first place !

Most of this stock in the 1920s was subsidized — given the existence of subsidies to builders under the 1919 Housing ( Additional Powers ) Act — and it went to the relatively well-paid skilled and white-collar working class .
most of this stock in the 1920s was subsidized — given the existence of subsidies to builders under the 1919 housing ( [more] powers ) act — and it went to the relatively well-paid skilled and white-collar working class .

The planners ' survey of the 24 incoming firms established in the New Town by 1973 indicated that these had expansion plans which would lead to the creation of a further 7000 jobs by 1991 and it was anticipated that additional in comers would provide a further 3000 jobs .
the planners ' survey of the 24 incoming firms established in the new town by 1973 indicated that these had expansion plans which would lead to the creation of a further 7000 jobs by 1991 and it was anticipated that [more] in comers would provide a further 3000 jobs .

In general it is likely that builders will prefer the additional green field land to the substantive existing provision within the built-up area .
in general it is likely that builders will prefer the [more] green field land to the substantive existing provision within the built-up area .

As has already been indicated this considerable additional development of land was happening while manufacturing employment was falling .
as has already been indicated this considerable [more] development of land was happening while manufacturing employment was falling .

For his part , Edward sensed that the ice was cracking and since he desperately needed money , preferably without political complications — his lay subjects were restive now — he restored the archbishop 's lands and offered the primate and several magnates what they were by then demanding — confirmation of Magna Carta , the Charter of the Forest and some additional articles .
for his part , edward sensed that the ice was cracking and since he desperately needed money , preferably without political complications — his lay subjects were restive now — he restored the archbishop 's lands and offered the primate and several magnates what they were by then demanding — confirmation of magna carta , the charter of the forest and some [more] articles .

No doubt this was for the good practical reason that as royal taxation became more frequent separate and additional councils for the church 's own business became more inconvenient : there was a limit to the number of times the clergy could be summoned from their parishes and livings to provincial assemblies in London or elsewhere .
no doubt this was for the good practical reason that as royal taxation became more frequent separate and [more] councils for the church 's own business became more inconvenient : there was a limit to the number of times the clergy could be summoned from their parishes and livings to provincial assemblies in london or elsewhere .

Here is a transcript of a conversation . What additional information do you need to make sense of it ?
here is a transcript of a conversation . what [more] information do you need to make sense of it ?

The introduction of the negative sentence ( 2b ) into a consideration of ( 2a ) creates an additional problem . For example , it has been suggested ( cf. Kempson , 1975 ) that a sentence such as ( 2d ) is a perfectly reasonable sentence of English and undermines the argument for logical presupposition , as it is defined above
the introduction of the negative sentence ( 2b ) into a consideration of ( 2a ) creates an [more] problem . for example , it has been suggested ( cf. kempson , 1975 ) that a sentence such as ( 2d ) is a perfectly reasonable sentence of english and undermines the argument for logical presupposition , as it is defined above

This flouting of a maxim results in the speaker conveying , in addition to the literal meaning of his utterance , an additional meaning , which is a conversational implicature .
this flouting of a maxim results in the speaker conveying , in addition to the literal meaning of his utterance , an [more] meaning , which is a conversational implicature .

It must be spoken , audible , and , depending on the level of investigation involved , clear enough to allow instrumental analysis , and accompanied by additional information on the age , sex and linguistic background of the speaker .
it must be spoken , audible , and , depending on the level of investigation involved , clear enough to allow instrumental analysis , and accompanied by [more] information on the age , sex and linguistic background of the speaker .

We may have been led to finding those four paragraphs because they are , in fact , the divisions which actually appear in the original and we merely sought additional evidence to support the way the author had divided up his discourse .
we may have been led to finding those four paragraphs because they are , in fact , the divisions which actually appear in the original and we merely sought [more] evidence to support the way the author had divided up his discourse .

This brings an additional advantage .
this brings an [more] advantage .

This gives the little nest additional stability and so reduces the risk of it being overturned by a gust of wind .
this gives the little nest [more] stability and so reduces the risk of it being overturned by a gust of wind .

Each additional storey may be given its own roof so that eventually the building looks like a Chinese pagoda .
each [more] storey may be given its own roof so that eventually the building looks like a chinese pagoda .

But this particular species has an additional need to control the temperature within its habitations .
but this particular species has an [more] need to control the temperature within its habitations .

An even greater attraction was the additional dramatic layer of having the Doctor and his friends as hindsight judge and jury over the events surrounding them .
an even greater attraction was the [more] dramatic layer of having the doctor and his friends as hindsight judge and jury over the events surrounding them .

More importantly , the financial and time pressures on heads of houses have become so acute as to leave little appetite among senior publishing people for taking on additional responsibilities .
more importantly , the financial and time pressures on heads of houses have become so acute as to leave little appetite among senior publishing people for taking on [more] responsibilities .

Will the search for a successor to Sir Roger be any easier a year hence ? Outgoing president Paul Scherer suggests that potential candidates may be exaggerating the pressures on the president : there are in fact no more than six Council meetings a year , and an additional monthly afternoon meeting for officers .
will the search for a successor to sir roger be any easier a year hence ? outgoing president paul scherer suggests that potential candidates may be exaggerating the pressures on the president : there are in fact no more than six council meetings a year , and an [more] monthly afternoon meeting for officers .

From March , Airlift Book Company will operate an additional sales team to represent certain lists .
from march , airlift book company will operate an [more] sales team to represent certain lists .

No additional cases were cited in argument .
no [more] cases were cited in argument .

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

The following additional cases , although not cited , were referred to in the skeleton arguments :
the following [more] cases , although not cited , were referred to in the skeleton arguments :

The following additional cases were cited in argument in the Court of Appeal :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument in the court of appeal :

No additional cases were cited in argument .
no [more] cases were cited in argument .

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

It is not clear what reliance the court placed on this point , which they described as ‘ an additional difficulty .
it is not clear what reliance the court placed on this point , which they described as ‘ an [more] difficulty .

Before the Appellate Committee Mr. Newman however relied on certain additional points which had apparently been raised by him before the Divisional Court , but which the court did not in the circumstances find it necessary to consider in its judgment .
before the appellate committee mr. newman however relied on certain [more] points which had apparently been raised by him before the divisional court , but which the court did not in the circumstances find it necessary to consider in its judgment .

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

But before this unusual kind of power is exercised it must be clear that the statutory procedure is insufficient to achieve justice and that to require additional steps would not frustrate the apparent purpose of the legislation .
but before this unusual kind of power is exercised it must be clear that the statutory procedure is insufficient to achieve justice and that to require [more] steps would not frustrate the apparent purpose of the legislation .

In particular , it is well-established that when a statute has conferred on any body the power to make decisions affecting individuals , the courts will not only require the procedure prescribed by the statute to be followed , but will readily imply so much and no more to be introduced by way of additional procedural safeguards as will ensure the attainment of fairness .
in particular , it is well-established that when a statute has conferred on any body the power to make decisions affecting individuals , the courts will not only require the procedure prescribed by the statute to be followed , but will readily imply so much and no more to be introduced by way of [more] procedural safeguards as will ensure the attainment of fairness .

Since those recommendations are now made shortly after the trial , there will no longer be additional material such as reports on the prisoner 's subsequent behaviour , which would in any event be irrelevant to the requirements of retribution and deterrence .
since those recommendations are now made shortly after the trial , there will no longer be [more] material such as reports on the prisoner 's subsequent behaviour , which would in any event be irrelevant to the requirements of retribution and deterrence .

There was to be an additional consultation with the two judges which would take place after the prisoner had served three years of his sentence , so that the Secretary of State could receive at that stage their advice on the total period which should be served to satisfy the requirements of retribution and deterrence .
there was to be an [more] consultation with the two judges which would take place after the prisoner had served three years of his sentence , so that the secretary of state could receive at that stage their advice on the total period which should be served to satisfy the requirements of retribution and deterrence .

the Secretary of State , and the framework in which he operates , such that additional procedural safeguards are required in the interests of fairness ?
the secretary of state , and the framework in which he operates , such that [more] procedural safeguards are required in the interests of fairness ?

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

This would include the opportunity of subsidised housing and , if this were not to be made available immediately , then additional general welfare or family benefits would be made available to pay for accommodation as necessary .
this would include the opportunity of subsidised housing and , if this were not to be made available immediately , then [more] general welfare or family benefits would be made available to pay for accommodation as necessary .

No additional cases were cited in argument .
no [more] cases were cited in argument .

The following additional case was cited in argument :
the following [more] case was cited in argument :

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

The following additional cases , supplied by courtesy of counsel , were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases , supplied by courtesy of counsel , were cited in argument :

In support of his interpretation of article 5 ( 1 ) Mr. Beazley relied on the following additional points .
in support of his interpretation of article 5 ( 1 ) mr. beazley relied on the following [more] points .

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

The following additional cases , although not cited , were referred to in the skeleton arguments :
the following [more] cases , although not cited , were referred to in the skeleton arguments :

No additional cases were cited in argument .
no [more] cases were cited in argument .

We should add that after the hearing was completed we received a letter from Mr. Persaud inviting us to reopen the hearing to allow him to address additional points to us which he had not mentioned at all in his opening submissions to us or in his reply .
we should add that after the hearing was completed we received a letter from mr. persaud inviting us to reopen the hearing to allow him to address [more] points to us which he had not mentioned at all in his opening submissions to us or in his reply .

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

The following additional cases were cited in argument in the Court of Appeal :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument in the court of appeal :

The following additional cases , although not cited , were referred to in the skeleton arguments in the Court of Appeal :
the following [more] cases , although not cited , were referred to in the skeleton arguments in the court of appeal :

The following additional cases were cited in argument in the Divisional Court :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument in the divisional court :

But before this unusual kind of power is exercised it must be clear that the statutory procedure is insufficient to achieve justice and that to require additional steps would not frustrate the apparent purpose of the legislation .
but before this unusual kind of power is exercised it must be clear that the statutory procedure is insufficient to achieve justice and that to require [more] steps would not frustrate the apparent purpose of the legislation .

In particular , it is well established that when a statute has conferred on any body the power to make decisions affecting individuals , the courts will not only require the procedure prescribed by the statute to be followed , but will readily imply so much and no more to be introduced by way of additional procedural safeguards as will ensure the attainment of fairness .
in particular , it is well established that when a statute has conferred on any body the power to make decisions affecting individuals , the courts will not only require the procedure prescribed by the statute to be followed , but will readily imply so much and no more to be introduced by way of [more] procedural safeguards as will ensure the attainment of fairness .

The following additional case was cited in argument :
the following [more] case was cited in argument :

By a respondent 's notice dated 25 January 1992 the defendant sought that the judgment be affirmed on the additional ground that she was a residential occupier within the meaning of section 27 of the Act of 1988 because her right to remain in occupation was controlled by the Rent Act 1977 so that she could not be evicted except by enforcement of the possession order by a bailiff executing a warrant for possession , whether or not her statutory tenancy had been terminated by the possession order .
by a respondent 's notice dated 25 january 1992 the defendant sought that the judgment be affirmed on the [more] ground that she was a residential occupier within the meaning of section 27 of the act of 1988 because her right to remain in occupation was controlled by the rent act 1977 so that she could not be evicted except by enforcement of the possession order by a bailiff executing a warrant for possession , whether or not her statutory tenancy had been terminated by the possession order .

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

There are two additional points worth making .
there are two [more] points worth making .

The following additional cases , supplied by courtesy of counsel , were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases , supplied by courtesy of counsel , were cited in argument :

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

The following additional cases , although not cited , were referred to in the skeleton arguments :
the following [more] cases , although not cited , were referred to in the skeleton arguments :

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

No additional cases were cited in argument .
no [more] cases were cited in argument .

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

The other safeguard arises at an earlier stage of the proceedings , and provides an additional protection for persons who are abroad and not able to be served with proceedings in this country in the usual way .
the other safeguard arises at an earlier stage of the proceedings , and provides an [more] protection for persons who are abroad and not able to be served with proceedings in this country in the usual way .

The following additional cases , supplied by courtesy of counsel , were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases , supplied by courtesy of counsel , were cited in argument :

No additional cases were cited in argument .
no [more] cases were cited in argument .

By a respondent 's notice dated 20 February 1991 the plaintiffs gave notice of their intention to contend that the judgment should be affirmed on the additional grounds , inter alia , that ( 1 ) leave to appeal from the order of 4 November 1988 should have been refused ; ( 2 ) there was no ground for interfering with the judge 's finding that the first defendant was not the agent of the plaintiffs ; ( 3 ) there was no evidence that the second defendant was at any material time under the influence of or dominated by the first defendant so as to be prevented from exercising independent judgment ; ( 4 ) in so far as the first defendant repeated his over-optimistic expectations to the second defendant it was not a misrepresentation , fraudulent or otherwise ; and ( 5 ) as to whether there was manifest disadvantage , the charge was required as a condition of further increased overdraft facility to Heathrow Fabrications Ltd. , without which that company , whose success would have been of benefit to the second defendant , would have been in financial difficulties .
by a respondent 's notice dated 20 february 1991 the plaintiffs gave notice of their intention to contend that the judgment should be affirmed on the [more] grounds , inter alia , that ( 1 ) leave to appeal from the order of 4 november 1988 should have been refused ; ( 2 ) there was no ground for interfering with the judge 's finding that the first defendant was not the agent of the plaintiffs ; ( 3 ) there was no evidence that the second defendant was at any material time under the influence of or dominated by the first defendant so as to be prevented from exercising independent judgment ; ( 4 ) in so far as the first defendant repeated his over-optimistic expectations to the second defendant it was not a misrepresentation , fraudulent or otherwise ; and ( 5 ) as to whether there was manifest disadvantage , the charge was required as a condition of further increased overdraft facility to heathrow fabrications ltd. , without which that company , whose success would have been of benefit to the second defendant , would have been in financial difficulties .

The agreed £60,000 overdraft was utilised by the company but the additional security was not forthcoming .
the agreed £60,000 overdraft was utilised by the company but the [more] security was not forthcoming .

Mr. Tucker wanted additional security .
mr. tucker wanted [more] security .

But there is an additional and even stronger ground for impeaching it .
but there is an [more] and even stronger ground for impeaching it .

There is an additional reason for doing so .
there is an [more] reason for doing so .

The following additional case was cited in argument :
the following [more] case was cited in argument :

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

The following additional cases are referred to in the report of the Judge Rapporteur and the opinion of the Advocate General :
the following [more] cases are referred to in the report of the judge rapporteur and the opinion of the advocate general :

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

No additional cases were cited in argument .
no [more] cases were cited in argument .

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

The following additional cases , although not cited , were referred to in the skeleton arguments :
the following [more] cases , although not cited , were referred to in the skeleton arguments :

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

An analogy is the need to serve a notice of intention to adduce additional evidence of a witness who has already given evidence in the committal proceedings .
an analogy is the need to serve a notice of intention to adduce [more] evidence of a witness who has already given evidence in the committal proceedings .

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

The following additional case was cited in argument :
the following [more] case was cited in argument :

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

The following additional case was cited in argument :
the following [more] case was cited in argument :

The third matter disclosed by the additional evidence was , as the appellants claim , their lack of understanding of the legal process or the terminology of the documents involved .
the third matter disclosed by the [more] evidence was , as the appellants claim , their lack of understanding of the legal process or the terminology of the documents involved .

Affidavit evidence from the appellants , which ought to have been before the judge , has now been put before this court and an application has been made for leave to adduce this as additional evidence on the hearing of the appeal .
affidavit evidence from the appellants , which ought to have been before the judge , has now been put before this court and an application has been made for leave to adduce this as [more] evidence on the hearing of the appeal .

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

The following additional case was cited in argument :
the following [more] case was cited in argument :

The following additional cases , although not cited , were referred to in the skeleton argument :
the following [more] cases , although not cited , were referred to in the skeleton argument :

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

There are provisions relating to qualification for office , and to appointment and vacation of office ; and to many express powers , duties , rights and liabilities additional to those expressed in the debenture .
there are provisions relating to qualification for office , and to appointment and vacation of office ; and to many express powers , duties , rights and liabilities [more] to those expressed in the debenture .

There are additional administrative functions , such as the submission of a statement of affairs and the making of reports on specified matters .
there are [more] administrative functions , such as the submission of a statement of affairs and the making of reports on specified matters .

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

The following additional cases were cited in argument :
the following [more] cases were cited in argument :

( i ) Petition and a copy ( and an additional copy for the supervisor of a voluntary arrangement unless he is the petitioner ) and a further copy for the petitioner or his solicitor ; ( ii ) affidavit verifying the petition with a copy of the petition exhibited ( see section 9 below ) ; ( iii ) receipt for deposit of £240 paid to the official receiver ( Insolvency Fees ( Amendment ) Order 1990 ) -this sum can be paid to the court who will remit it to the official receiver ; ( iv ) affidavit of service of statutory demand ( if applicable ) ; ( v ) court fee : £45 .
( i ) petition and a copy ( and an [more] copy for the supervisor of a voluntary arrangement unless he is the petitioner ) and a further copy for the petitioner or his solicitor ; ( ii ) affidavit verifying the petition with a copy of the petition exhibited ( see section 9 below ) ; ( iii ) receipt for deposit of £240 paid to the official receiver ( insolvency fees ( amendment ) order 1990 ) -this sum can be paid to the court who will remit it to the official receiver ; ( iv ) affidavit of service of statutory demand ( if applicable ) ; ( v ) court fee : £45 .

If the amount of security proves to be insufficient , the court may , on the official receiver 's application , increase the amount to be deposited , and if the additional sum is not paid within two days after service of the order requiring it , then the interim receiver may be discharged .
if the amount of security proves to be insufficient , the court may , on the official receiver 's application , increase the amount to be deposited , and if the [more] sum is not paid within two days after service of the order requiring it , then the interim receiver may be discharged .

The report must be sent to the bankrupt at least fourteen days before the hearing and , if the trustee is other than the official receiver , then the official receiver must also be sent a copy of the report , and he may file an additional report which must be sent to the bankrupt at least seven days before the hearing ( r 6.207 ( 4 ) and ( 5 ) ) .
the report must be sent to the bankrupt at least fourteen days before the hearing and , if the trustee is other than the official receiver , then the official receiver must also be sent a copy of the report , and he may file an [more] report which must be sent to the bankrupt at least seven days before the hearing ( r 6.207 ( 4 ) and ( 5 ) ) .

The bankrupt may be required to submit accounts for the previous three years and to provide additional information as may be required by the official receiver ( rr 6.64–6.66 ) .
the bankrupt may be required to submit accounts for the previous three years and to provide [more] information as may be required by the official receiver ( rr 6.64–6.66 ) .

With the heavy No 1 , the genoa car should be about six inches ( 15cm ) more on the checkstays and add additional backstay pressure .
with the heavy no 1 , the genoa car should be about six inches ( 15cm ) more on the checkstays and add [more] backstay pressure .

The bow is of the same openwork trifoliate design but has a additional small know mounted on the top .
the bow is of the same openwork trifoliate design but has a [more] small know mounted on the top .

She considers the studios a supportive and professional working environment which , with the additional opportunity to make exchange visits to studios abroad — last year she spent several months in Russia — has alleviated some of the immediate pressures on leaving college .
she considers the studios a supportive and professional working environment which , with the [more] opportunity to make exchange visits to studios abroad — last year she spent several months in russia — has alleviated some of the immediate pressures on leaving college .

It is this aspect of the complex — the hotels and camp sites additional to the themed areas — that Disney believes needs reinforcing .
it is this aspect of the complex — the hotels and camp sites [more] to the themed areas — that disney believes needs reinforcing .

This argument overlooks a feature of addictive disease that is often overlooked by those who currently advocate substitution with medically prescribed drugs : the addict will commonly take the prescribed drug and an additional illegal drug or may sell the prescribed drug in order to obtain a preferred illegal drug .
this argument overlooks a feature of addictive disease that is often overlooked by those who currently advocate substitution with medically prescribed drugs : the addict will commonly take the prescribed drug and an [more] illegal drug or may sell the prescribed drug in order to obtain a preferred illegal drug .

The denial system is strong enough without giving the addictive disease any additional opportunity to manifest itself by giving the patient further excuse to leave treatment .
the denial system is strong enough without giving the addictive disease any [more] opportunity to manifest itself by giving the patient further excuse to leave treatment .

Proving additional laws
proving [more] laws

There arc additional provisions which apply to applications for the grant of a new licence or the provisional grant of a new licence .
there arc [more] provisions which apply to applications for the grant of a new licence or the provisional grant of a new licence .

( 3 ) The maximum penalty is a fine of level 3 with an additional fine of £ 5 for every day the licence-holder is in default , with both the licence-holder and the premises liable to disqualification ( Sched. 5 ) .
( 3 ) the maximum penalty is a fine of level 3 with an [more] fine of £ 5 for every day the licence-holder is in default , with both the licence-holder and the premises liable to disqualification ( sched. 5 ) .

( a ) and ( h ) preserve the additional period for consuming alcoholic liquor or taking away alcoholic liquor supplied in a closed vessel purchased during the permitted hours introduced by 5.3 of the 1962 Act .
( a ) and ( h ) preserve the [more] period for consuming alcoholic liquor or taking away alcoholic liquor supplied in a closed vessel purchased during the permitted hours introduced by 5.3 of the 1962 act .

Additional provisions regarding restricted hotel and restaurant licences
[more] provisions regarding restricted hotel and restaurant licences

There will be additional checks , peculiar to the individual aircraft flow and you will need to incorporate these into the standard checks .
there will be [more] checks , peculiar to the individual aircraft flow and you will need to incorporate these into the standard checks .

These transient errors are additional to the errors normally present in instrument systems eg mechanical lag ( hysteresis ) , position error , density error , and compressibility error which affect Altimeters , Airspeed Indicators and Vertical Speed Indicators .
these transient errors are [more] to the errors normally present in instrument systems eg mechanical lag ( hysteresis ) , position error , density error , and compressibility error which affect altimeters , airspeed indicators and vertical speed indicators .

Operation of the Indent button causes an additional coded pulse to appear on the ground radar screen for about fifteen seconds to assist the radar operator to identify your aircraft .
operation of the indent button causes an [more] coded pulse to appear on the ground radar screen for about fifteen seconds to assist the radar operator to identify your aircraft .

If the accounts of British politics between 1832 and 1867 pointed to the sovereignty of Parliament , then the accounts that came to the fore after that period made the additional point that the sovereignty of the people was behind this and was now of the constitutional and political essence .
if the accounts of british politics between 1832 and 1867 pointed to the sovereignty of parliament , then the accounts that came to the fore after that period made the [more] point that the sovereignty of the people was behind this and was now of the constitutional and political essence .

Moreover , if we were to attempt this , then getting an agreed set of principles approved by Parliament would open up conflicts as to the rights to be included , and if a new code was eventually passed then their existence alongside the European Convention would create confusion and cause additional difficulties for the courts .
moreover , if we were to attempt this , then getting an agreed set of principles approved by parliament would open up conflicts as to the rights to be included , and if a new code was eventually passed then their existence alongside the european convention would create confusion and cause [more] difficulties for the courts .

The marketer will , therefore , have to adapt his promotional and distribution arrangements ( etc ) to meet this additional complication .
the marketer will , therefore , have to adapt his promotional and distribution arrangements ( etc ) to meet this [more] complication .

iv ) Processing determinants Will include : * Motivation — which includes the specific motives for the purchase , and the additional but nonspecific advantages that will result .
iv ) processing determinants will include : * motivation — which includes the specific motives for the purchase , and the [more] but nonspecific advantages that will result .

Additional market segmentation intelligence can be gained from the technique of consumer targeting .
[more] market segmentation intelligence can be gained from the technique of consumer targeting .

Techniques of consumer targeting are an important additional input to market analysis , segmentation and planning .
techniques of consumer targeting are an important [more] input to market analysis , segmentation and planning .

Although ‘ Hot Hot Hot ’ , the other failure , retains the manic absurdity , it offers little in the way of additional entertainment .
although ‘ hot hot hot ’ , the other failure , retains the manic absurdity , it offers little in the way of [more] entertainment .

Mr. Roy Hughes : With Welsh coalfields in a near terminal condition , with massive redundancies in the steel industry , including a major closure , is this the time for the Government to come forward with proposals to double the toll on the Seven bridge , our main access point ? Who does the Secretary of State not plead with the Chancellor to get rid of that additional tax on the people of Wales ?
mr. roy hughes : with welsh coalfields in a near terminal condition , with massive redundancies in the steel industry , including a major closure , is this the time for the government to come forward with proposals to double the toll on the seven bridge , our main access point ? who does the secretary of state not plead with the chancellor to get rid of that [more] tax on the people of wales ?

Schemes are in hand to improve an additional 500 homes at a cost of £4.5 million .
schemes are in hand to improve an [more] 500 homes at a cost of £4.5 million .

Mr. Allen : Will the Hon. Gentleman consider using some of the time of those operators for the installation of a fax machine which could be used collectively by right Hon. and Hon. Members rather than duplicating many times a facility that could be provided and serviced by one additional member of staff , or even by current members of stall ?
mr. allen : will the hon. gentleman consider using some of the time of those operators for the installation of a fax machine which could be used collectively by right hon. and hon. members rather than duplicating many times a facility that could be provided and serviced by one [more] member of staff , or even by current members of stall ?

In 1653 Shirley 's Cupid and Death , with music by Christopher Gibbons ( 1616–76 ) , Orlando 's son , and Matthew Locke ( c. 1630–1677 ) , was presented before the Portuguese Ambassador and revived in 1659 with additional long recitatives by Locke .
in 1653 shirley 's cupid and death , with music by christopher gibbons ( 1616–76 ) , orlando 's son , and matthew locke ( c. 1630–1677 ) , was presented before the portuguese ambassador and revived in 1659 with [more] long recitatives by locke .

An additional feature of the unit 's organization is the administration of a Behaviour Modification or ‘ points ’ system .
an [more] feature of the unit 's organization is the administration of a behaviour modification or ‘ points ’ system .

In fact , because the pupils have exhausted the range of sanctions available to a school , new and additional ones can only be created by the granting of rewards and privileges .
in fact , because the pupils have exhausted the range of sanctions available to a school , new and [more] ones can only be created by the granting of rewards and privileges .

In the face of this evidence there is no sense in continuing to rely on the pathological or medical model as the main basis for the development of additional or specialist services .
in the face of this evidence there is no sense in continuing to rely on the pathological or medical model as the main basis for the development of [more] or specialist services .

More resources are required and one has to acknowledge that because of their absence the teaching profession is wary of accepting additional responsibilities .
more resources are required and one has to acknowledge that because of their absence the teaching profession is wary of accepting [more] responsibilities .

If life could be as readily organized as statistics can , then the additional staff would be spread fairly evenly at about one teacher for each of the 200 schools for the maladjusted .
if life could be as readily organized as statistics can , then the [more] staff would be spread fairly evenly at about one teacher for each of the 200 schools for the maladjusted .

Without this additional source , production in Wales might have stopped entirely .
without this [more] source , production in wales might have stopped entirely .

Later in the year , the Queen , as was customary , gave a reception at Buckingham Palace to which three representatives of the firm were invited as an additional way of marking its achievement .
later in the year , the queen , as was customary , gave a reception at buckingham palace to which three representatives of the firm were invited as an [more] way of marking its achievement .

This policy was adopted by the government as part of its general economic strategy to cut public expenditure and meant that local authorities could only exceed a predetermined level of spending on higher education if they found the additional sums of money from the rates .
this policy was adopted by the government as part of its general economic strategy to cut public expenditure and meant that local authorities could only exceed a predetermined level of spending on higher education if they found the [more] sums of money from the rates .

The principle upon which it operates is that the pool is split into two components : the first is referred to as ‘ common funding ’ and accounts for the greater bulk of the pool ; and the second is known as ‘ further funding ’ and comprises an element of additional financing for those institutions which have a high historic unit cost .
the principle upon which it operates is that the pool is split into two components : the first is referred to as ‘ common funding ’ and accounts for the greater bulk of the pool ; and the second is known as ‘ further funding ’ and comprises an element of [more] financing for those institutions which have a high historic unit cost .

Second , about one-third of untrained new entrants should have the opportunity of an additional year 's training on the same scale as they receive in their first year ; together these might lead to a formal qualification .
second , about one-third of untrained new entrants should have the opportunity of an [more] year 's training on the same scale as they receive in their first year ; together these might lead to a formal qualification .

By dressing a narrow window with curtains inside the reveal you will cut out light during the day as there is no additional space in which they can be stacked back .
by dressing a narrow window with curtains inside the reveal you will cut out light during the day as there is no [more] space in which they can be stacked back .

These strong steel tracks can be cut to length by a supplier , pre-bent to fit an awkward bay , and have the additional advantage of being ready corded .
these strong steel tracks can be cut to length by a supplier , pre-bent to fit an awkward bay , and have the [more] advantage of being ready corded .

It could be teamed with an additional short pair of curtains hung from the top of the window to create a tiered effect .
it could be teamed with an [more] short pair of curtains hung from the top of the window to create a tiered effect .

Ready stiffened and spongeable fabrics especially made for roller blinds can be bought by the metre , and have the additional advantage of being available in widths up to 175cm ( 69in ) , making joins unnecessary except on the widest of windows .
ready stiffened and spongeable fabrics especially made for roller blinds can be bought by the metre , and have the [more] advantage of being available in widths up to 175cm ( 69in ) , making joins unnecessary except on the widest of windows .

Blind fabric and lining to the width and length measurements , plus an additional 3cm ( 1 ¼in ) on width and length for turnings .
blind fabric and lining to the width and length measurements , plus an [more] 3cm ( 1 ¼in ) on width and length for turnings .

However , additional mechanisms may be at work .
however , [more] mechanisms may be at work .

But working class women fiercely defended their right to a room which expressed their pride in housewifery and which also afforded additional privacy , a scarce commodity in working class households .
but working class women fiercely defended their right to a room which expressed their pride in housewifery and which also afforded [more] privacy , a scarce commodity in working class households .

Men , on the other hand , were granted dependants ' benefits under national insurance in 1922 , plus the married man 's tax allowance from 1919 , on the assumption that a man supporting a wife needed additional tax relief ( in fact the allowance was paid to all men regardless of whether or not their wives worked ) .
men , on the other hand , were granted dependants ' benefits under national insurance in 1922 , plus the married man 's tax allowance from 1919 , on the assumption that a man supporting a wife needed [more] tax relief ( in fact the allowance was paid to all men regardless of whether or not their wives worked ) .

On the whole , women trade unionists agreed that the withdrawal of female labour would benefit male wages with the additional advantage that working class homes would be better ordered and managed .
on the whole , women trade unionists agreed that the withdrawal of female labour would benefit male wages with the [more] advantage that working class homes would be better ordered and managed .

For example , middle class women were as convinced as working class women by the medical profession 's call for hospitalised childbirth , although just as working class women wanted what they regarded as the additional bonus of hospital rest , so middle class women also saw the availability of anaesthesia as a major reason for welcoming the trend to hospital births .
for example , middle class women were as convinced as working class women by the medical profession 's call for hospitalised childbirth , although just as working class women wanted what they regarded as the [more] bonus of hospital rest , so middle class women also saw the availability of anaesthesia as a major reason for welcoming the trend to hospital births .

The works of his so-called ‘ pink ’ and ‘ blue ’ periods were being bought by important collectors , and the fact that an established dealer like Vollard was interested in his work gave him additional prestige .
the works of his so-called ‘ pink ’ and ‘ blue ’ periods were being bought by important collectors , and the fact that an established dealer like vollard was interested in his work gave him [more] prestige .

Earlier in 1912 Apollinaire had written a series of articles for Les Soirées de Paris and these were gathered together with some additional material to form the bulk of his Les Peintres Cubistes which was issued in March of the following year .
earlier in 1912 apollinaire had written a series of articles for les soirées de paris and these were gathered together with some [more] material to form the bulk of his les peintres cubistes which was issued in march of the following year .

Additional information can be added to the basic network as the exercise progresses .
[more] information can be added to the basic network as the exercise progresses .

An example of subjective probability is as follows : the Production Manager of a fast-growing microcomputer manufacturer , whose production has increased by 50 % in the past year , without additional capital investment , now estimates the probability of repeating that 50 % growth rate as .4 , given no change in investment levels .
an example of subjective probability is as follows : the production manager of a fast-growing microcomputer manufacturer , whose production has increased by 50 % in the past year , without [more] capital investment , now estimates the probability of repeating that 50 % growth rate as .4 , given no change in investment levels .

The first market may be offered complete packages of equipment , including a printer and additional storage units in addition to the central processor and visual display unit .
the first market may be offered complete packages of equipment , including a printer and [more] storage units in addition to the central processor and visual display unit .

Occupational exposure to radiation of both uranium miners and others serving the nuclear fuel cycle , and radiotherapy medical staff , provides additional evidence .
occupational exposure to radiation of both uranium miners and others serving the nuclear fuel cycle , and radiotherapy medical staff , provides [more] evidence .

Hohenemser and Renn ( 1988 ) suggest 28,000 additional cancer deaths worldwide will be the result of Chernobyl contamination , including 10,000–15,000 in the Soviet Union , 1500–3000 in Poland , 4000 in Western Europe and only 10–20 in the United States .
hohenemser and renn ( 1988 ) suggest 28,000 [more] cancer deaths worldwide will be the result of chernobyl contamination , including 10,000–15,000 in the soviet union , 1500–3000 in poland , 4000 in western europe and only 10–20 in the united states .

( 1988 ) estimate 17,000 additional fatal cancers in Europe in the next 50 years but highlight that the Chernobyl legacy adds an increment of only 0.01 per cent to European lifetime fatal cancer risk .
( 1988 ) estimate 17,000 [more] fatal cancers in europe in the next 50 years but highlight that the chernobyl legacy adds an increment of only 0.01 per cent to european lifetime fatal cancer risk .

An additional finding was that oxides of nitrogen emitted by aircraft flying in the upper troposphere would shift the balance between ozone destruction and ozone production by water vapour radicals , leading to ozone production in that level of the atmosphere .
an [more] finding was that oxides of nitrogen emitted by aircraft flying in the upper troposphere would shift the balance between ozone destruction and ozone production by water vapour radicals , leading to ozone production in that level of the atmosphere .

Kimball ( 1982 ) reviewed 437 experiments published in this century which dealt with yields of agricultural crops exposed to varying carbon dioxide concentrations , and concluded that a doubling of atmospheric carbon dioxide could increase global productivity by 33 per cent without additional inputs of water or fertilizers .
kimball ( 1982 ) reviewed 437 experiments published in this century which dealt with yields of agricultural crops exposed to varying carbon dioxide concentrations , and concluded that a doubling of atmospheric carbon dioxide could increase global productivity by 33 per cent without [more] inputs of water or fertilizers .

There are many forms of emission charges which may be used to provide economic incentives to polluters either to reduce or cease their pollution , including sales taxes on fuels or fuel ingredients : for example , Norway introduced fuel taxes in 1971 whereby a basic tax is levied on each unit of oil , together with an additional charge which increases for each 0.5 per cent of its sulphur content .
there are many forms of emission charges which may be used to provide economic incentives to polluters either to reduce or cease their pollution , including sales taxes on fuels or fuel ingredients : for example , norway introduced fuel taxes in 1971 whereby a basic tax is levied on each unit of oil , together with an [more] charge which increases for each 0.5 per cent of its sulphur content .

Obviously , any attempt to introduce additional chemicals into the atmosphere needs very careful consideration of whether the chemicals themselves pose a threat to people , plants and animals .
obviously , any attempt to introduce [more] chemicals into the atmosphere needs very careful consideration of whether the chemicals themselves pose a threat to people , plants and animals .

Additional air pollution in each of these classes must not exceed specific air quality ‘ increments ’ , thereby assuring a level of air quality which should in all cases be cleaner than that required by the NAAQSs .
[more] air pollution in each of these classes must not exceed specific air quality ‘ increments ’ , thereby assuring a level of air quality which should in all cases be cleaner than that required by the naaqss .

In the first six years a total of 266 reviews were conducted identifying annual savings of –600m with an additional 67m of one-off savings ( Making Things Happen , 1985 , p. 9 ) .
in the first six years a total of 266 reviews were conducted identifying annual savings of –600m with an [more] 67m of one-off savings ( making things happen , 1985 , p. 9 ) .

For example an advance factory programme should ideally be measured by additional benefit to a region 's economy , but in practice intermediate measures such as jobs created may be used instead ( National Audit Office , 1986b , para .
for example an advance factory programme should ideally be measured by [more] benefit to a region 's economy , but in practice intermediate measures such as jobs created may be used instead ( national audit office , 1986b , para .

Conspicuous consumption , foreign wars and protectionism gave way to the saving of monetary wealth , free trade and the search for additional overseas and domestic markets to exploit for economic gain .
conspicuous consumption , foreign wars and protectionism gave way to the saving of monetary wealth , free trade and the search for [more] overseas and domestic markets to exploit for economic gain .

Assuming the government does not lower its revenue , there will be some additional revenue at its disposal once the crisis is over .
assuming the government does not lower its revenue , there will be some [more] revenue at its disposal once the crisis is over .

This additional revenue is then spent on non-emergency state activities ; that is , it is displaced .
this [more] revenue is then spent on non-emergency state activities ; that is , it is displaced .

Crustose lichens are an additional weathering agent , tending to penetrate and defoliate rock surfaces ( Walton , 1985 ) .
crustose lichens are an [more] weathering agent , tending to penetrate and defoliate rock surfaces ( walton , 1985 ) .

Thus , all warm-blooded animals are insulated , but the special insulation of polar birds and mammals , additional to that of their temperate or tropical counterparts , is an example of adaptation in this sense .
thus , all warm-blooded animals are insulated , but the special insulation of polar birds and mammals , [more] to that of their temperate or tropical counterparts , is an example of adaptation in this sense .

By conferring additional resistance to cellular frost damage , it is especially useful in alpine , steppe and boreal forest regions , and no less so for polar conditions .
by conferring [more] resistance to cellular frost damage , it is especially useful in alpine , steppe and boreal forest regions , and no less so for polar conditions .

Insulation up to 3 clo units ( p. 177 ) is effective for active people , and up to 4 units for sedentary work ( Brotherhood , 1973 ) ; additional thickness of clothing tends to be cumbersome and counterproductive , requiring more energy to carry it about .
insulation up to 3 clo units ( p. 177 ) is effective for active people , and up to 4 units for sedentary work ( brotherhood , 1973 ) ; [more] thickness of clothing tends to be cumbersome and counterproductive , requiring more energy to carry it about .

‘ Wind-chill factors ’ , calculated originally in experiments involving heat losses from dry uninsulated surfaces ( Siple and Passel , 1945 ) , are often represented either as reduced temperatures or as additional heat lost per unit of time .
‘ wind-chill factors ’ , calculated originally in experiments involving heat losses from dry uninsulated surfaces ( siple and passel , 1945 ) , are often represented either as reduced temperatures or as [more] heat lost per unit of time .

The additional calories are spent on muscular activity , and the heat generated is more than enough to maintain the subject 's temperature against the steep environmental gradient .
the [more] calories are spent on muscular activity , and the heat generated is more than enough to maintain the subject 's temperature against the steep environmental gradient .

The family drew together to help each other , and most of them had additional sources of comfort .
the family drew together to help each other , and most of them had [more] sources of comfort .

‘ There have been some — some additional problems . ’
‘ there have been some — some [more] problems . ’

Beyond that point , however , there was no tendency for the presence of additional adults to bring about more work and less distraction , partly because extra adults tended to introduce extra challenges and more complex organizational structures .
beyond that point , however , there was no tendency for the presence of [more] adults to bring about more work and less distraction , partly because extra adults tended to introduce extra challenges and more complex organizational structures .

Any minority group is likely to include a substantial number of people who feel the need of … help and reassurance , … and many members of ethnic minorities suffer an additional persistent burden of racial discrimination which may well cause them to wonder what hope they could ever have of a fair hearing from a representative of the culture which treats them in this way … Yet of course each of the schools in which the assistants work has pupils of many different ethnic origins , and in practice no single head has expressed any other intention than that assistants should work with families from all parts of the local community .
any minority group is likely to include a substantial number of people who feel the need of … help and reassurance , … and many members of ethnic minorities suffer an [more] persistent burden of racial discrimination which may well cause them to wonder what hope they could ever have of a fair hearing from a representative of the culture which treats them in this way … yet of course each of the schools in which the assistants work has pupils of many different ethnic origins , and in practice no single head has expressed any other intention than that assistants should work with families from all parts of the local community .

Whereas Types 1–4 , are all variants of the basic two-tier model of primary school management , in this type the coordinator and curriculum leaders represent a significant and formally recognized additional layer in the management structure , running their own meetings and development programmes , reporting back to the head and the staff as a whole , and contributing in a distinctive way to overall school policy .
whereas types 1–4 , are all variants of the basic two-tier model of primary school management , in this type the coordinator and curriculum leaders represent a significant and formally recognized [more] layer in the management structure , running their own meetings and development programmes , reporting back to the head and the staff as a whole , and contributing in a distinctive way to overall school policy .

No proposal involving additional spending can be discussed by ministers in Cabinet or Cabinet subcommittee unless it is accompanied by a Treasury paper on the cost consequences .
no proposal involving [more] spending can be discussed by ministers in cabinet or cabinet subcommittee unless it is accompanied by a treasury paper on the cost consequences .

Local authorities must have their accounts vetted in the same way , but district auditors — appointed by central government — have additional functions .
local authorities must have their accounts vetted in the same way , but district auditors — appointed by central government — have [more] functions .

The Layfield Committee ( 1976 ) thought it the most feasible and equitable form of additional local revenue .
the layfield committee ( 1976 ) thought it the most feasible and equitable form of [more] local revenue .

There the chairs of the various committees would haggle to bring the total additional claims down to some acceptable consequent rate increase and to decide whose budget was to be trimmed most .
there the chairs of the various committees would haggle to bring the total [more] claims down to some acceptable consequent rate increase and to decide whose budget was to be trimmed most .

This view visualises workers and potential workers weighing up the pleasure gained from an hour of gardening , balancing it against an additional hour in the office or on the production line .
this view visualises workers and potential workers weighing up the pleasure gained from an hour of gardening , balancing it against an [more] hour in the office or on the production line .

The effect of withdrawing state income as earned income rises is precisely the same in economic terms as an ordinary tax on additional earnings .
the effect of withdrawing state income as earned income rises is precisely the same in economic terms as an ordinary tax on [more] earnings .

People who wish to consume a service know what resources it uses because they are faced with a price which just covers the additional resources that are needed to provide it .
people who wish to consume a service know what resources it uses because they are faced with a price which just covers the [more] resources that are needed to provide it .

The second assumption is that additional tax relief will indeed increase the level of giving .
the second assumption is that [more] tax relief will indeed increase the level of giving .

For some this had the additional attraction that the hospital trusts could , at a future date , be simply floated off as private bodies .
for some this had the [more] attraction that the hospital trusts could , at a future date , be simply floated off as private bodies .

The second factor , which constitutes an additional hypothesis which will be explored in the following chapters , is that there are highly significant and fundamental economic and geographical determinants which have acted in the past to constrain Soviet activities in the region and which will remain a crucial obstacle to an increased Soviet presence , even in the context of a more favourable political climate .
the second factor , which constitutes an [more] hypothesis which will be explored in the following chapters , is that there are highly significant and fundamental economic and geographical determinants which have acted in the past to constrain soviet activities in the region and which will remain a crucial obstacle to an increased soviet presence , even in the context of a more favourable political climate .

Despite Ariosto such a project is still feasible , Gustave declares : the additional elements he will bring to the subject are ‘ terror and a broader poetry ’ .
despite ariosto such a project is still feasible , gustave declares : the [more] elements he will bring to the subject are ‘ terror and a broader poetry ’ .

Thru is ‘ deconstructionist ’ in the additional sense that it places itself in multiple positions within the field of literary discourse .
thru is ‘ deconstructionist ’ in the [more] sense that it places itself in multiple positions within the field of literary discourse .

They also indicate that for every 1,000 increase in youth unemployment , 23 additional males are incarcerated , even when the effects of crime rates and court workload are controlled for .
they also indicate that for every 1,000 increase in youth unemployment , 23 [more] males are incarcerated , even when the effects of crime rates and court workload are controlled for .

In the 1989 statement on Government expenditure they announced that the Home Office was to receive yet another increase in money to enable it to build two extra prisons , to set up 30 day centres for parole on probation , to recruit 300 more police officers in provincial forces , to employ an additional 1,300 civilians in the police forces and to make the Immigration and Nationality Department more efficient .
in the 1989 statement on government expenditure they announced that the home office was to receive yet another increase in money to enable it to build two extra prisons , to set up 30 day centres for parole on probation , to recruit 300 more police officers in provincial forces , to employ an [more] 1,300 civilians in the police forces and to make the immigration and nationality department more efficient .

Prior to the announcement of the additional two it had been estimated that the total capital cost of the 26 new prisons would be 870 million at an average cost per place of 69,200 .
prior to the announcement of the [more] two it had been estimated that the total capital cost of the 26 new prisons would be 870 million at an average cost per place of 69,200 .

the new order would contain additional elements of control which some members of the probation service might perceive as inimical to their approach to working with offenders . ( Home Office 1988b , p. 17 ) but should this happen , the probation service could :
the new order would contain [more] elements of control which some members of the probation service might perceive as inimical to their approach to working with offenders . ( home office 1988b , p. 17 ) but should this happen , the probation service could :

Early redemption of a loan carries a penalty of 90 days ' extra interest , except during the first year of the five year deal , when an additional 150 days ' interest is levied .
early redemption of a loan carries a penalty of 90 days ' extra interest , except during the first year of the five year deal , when an [more] 150 days ' interest is levied .

First-time buyers , who do n't take the Lifecare option at the outset of their loan , can buy the additional cover at a later date .
first-time buyers , who do n't take the lifecare option at the outset of their loan , can buy the [more] cover at a later date .

Additional information
[more] information

There is the added benefit of a garage with additional parking .
there is the added benefit of a garage with [more] parking .

Of course , these are the same three options for a ball in a regular water hazard , but from a lateral water hazard there are an additional two options .
of course , these are the same three options for a ball in a regular water hazard , but from a lateral water hazard there are an [more] two options .

Later on , the pressure from the baby 's head can also be an additional cause .
later on , the pressure from the baby 's head can also be an [more] cause .

Of those extending additional credit , 55 per cent attributed it to the failure of their customers to pay on time .
of those extending [more] credit , 55 per cent attributed it to the failure of their customers to pay on time .

In the case of mortgage default , for example , there are now nearly 60,000 mortgages more than 12 months in arrears , and some part of these arrears will inevitably translate into additional repossessions .
in the case of mortgage default , for example , there are now nearly 60,000 mortgages more than 12 months in arrears , and some part of these arrears will inevitably translate into [more] repossessions .

Hertfordshire County Council has revealed that primary schools with the greatest additional funds had fourteen times the extra amounts available to the poorest schools .
hertfordshire county council has revealed that primary schools with the greatest [more] funds had fourteen times the extra amounts available to the poorest schools .

In the secondary sector the disparities were even wider with the richest schools having thirty-seven times as much additional income as the poorest .
in the secondary sector the disparities were even wider with the richest schools having thirty-seven times as much [more] income as the poorest .

Barr and Barnes and their colleagues favour a scheme based on bank loans repayable through an additional national insurance contribution .
barr and barnes and their colleagues favour a scheme based on bank loans repayable through an [more] national insurance contribution .

The additional contributions would be channelled back to the lending institutions by the Department of Social Security .
the [more] contributions would be channelled back to the lending institutions by the department of social security .

The Unit also provides additional resources for housing investment in local authority estates where large numbers of houses remain empty because of insufficient funds for renovation .
the unit also provides [more] resources for housing investment in local authority estates where large numbers of houses remain empty because of insufficient funds for renovation .

This is largely true , though some artists do use ‘ body colour ’ occasionally , especially solid white to give that additional accent such as highlights and sparkles of light on water which sometimes give the same results as scratching out .
this is largely true , though some artists do use ‘ body colour ’ occasionally , especially solid white to give that [more] accent such as highlights and sparkles of light on water which sometimes give the same results as scratching out .

Few additional colours will be required .
few [more] colours will be required .

If you need an incentive to start giving up , think about the cost — and what you could use the additional money for !
if you need an incentive to start giving up , think about the cost — and what you could use the [more] money for !

In September and October strong winds are less frequent , and this additional experience is not needed .
in september and october strong winds are less frequent , and this [more] experience is not needed .

Five bungalows in the rear garden of the hotel have double or triple bedrooms with doors leading to a patio , a shower room with wc , and an entrance lobby with an additional bed ( and a fridge and sink ! )
five bungalows in the rear garden of the hotel have double or triple bedrooms with doors leading to a patio , a shower room with wc , and an entrance lobby with an [more] bed ( and a fridge and sink ! )

If they sail independently we have to pay additional yacht insurance and keep a shore based engineer on call to support you .
if they sail independently we have to pay [more] yacht insurance and keep a shore based engineer on call to support you .

Temporary Deprivation of Baggage — Additional cover up to £100 to cover up to £100 to cover essential hire of personal effects following at least 24 hours baggage delay , or purchase of replacement items within the above sum insured of baggage/personal effects .
temporary deprivation of baggage — [more] cover up to £100 to cover up to £100 to cover essential hire of personal effects following at least 24 hours baggage delay , or purchase of replacement items within the above sum insured of baggage/personal effects .

If we can accept the change , there will be an administration fee of £10 per person ( £25 per person if it is also necessary to re-issue travel documents ) , plus any additional charges due .
if we can accept the change , there will be an administration fee of £10 per person ( £25 per person if it is also necessary to re-issue travel documents ) , plus any [more] charges due .

One of America 's first reactions was to talk of the need the Gulf states would have for ‘ additional security ’ .
one of america 's first reactions was to talk of the need the gulf states would have for ‘ [more] security ’ .

Instead , the United States is considering additional aid of $ 10 billion to help resettle the Soviet refugees and $ 3.2 billion for Israeli rearmament .
instead , the united states is considering [more] aid of $ 10 billion to help resettle the soviet refugees and $ 3.2 billion for israeli rearmament .

To the amount shown above that applies to you , add one of the following amounts for each additional child in your family unless they have over £3000 in savings :
to the amount shown above that applies to you , add one of the following amounts for each [more] child in your family unless they have over £3000 in savings :

The additional methods available once Decree has been obtained and a final demand for payment issued , which is known as a Charge , are a petition for sequestration or liquidation of the debtor .
the [more] methods available once decree has been obtained and a final demand for payment issued , which is known as a charge , are a petition for sequestration or liquidation of the debtor .

The new service will provide an additional means of confirming the accuracy of residential credit information supplied by applicants .
the new service will provide an [more] means of confirming the accuracy of residential credit information supplied by applicants .

An additional £74,000 has since been transferred to the Trust , making a magnificent total of over £380,000 generated by the affinity scheme in only six months .
an [more] £74,000 has since been transferred to the trust , making a magnificent total of over £380,000 generated by the affinity scheme in only six months .

Backpacking sacks have additional straps between the main body and the top of the shoulder straps which can be tightened to bring the top of the sack closer to the back and thus more upright .
backpacking sacks have [more] straps between the main body and the top of the shoulder straps which can be tightened to bring the top of the sack closer to the back and thus more upright .

He was aware of her at once , though she was only a slender additional shadow pressed close within the deep doorway of the cell .
he was aware of her at once , though she was only a slender [more] shadow pressed close within the deep doorway of the cell .

There may have been an additional dimension to all this .
there may have been an [more] dimension to all this .

Additional evidence of the significance of rural growth is provided by population data for a classification of districts in England and Wales .
[more] evidence of the significance of rural growth is provided by population data for a classification of districts in england and wales .

However , there were additional ‘ differential shifts ’ , further differences in performance , which were most marked in Scotland and the North West , and which remain for discussion .
however , there were [more] ‘ differential shifts ’ , further differences in performance , which were most marked in scotland and the north west , and which remain for discussion .

Job losses additional to ‘ structural shifts ’ occurred because of the relative status , and often age of product , of branch factories within their respective multi-plant firms , and only rarely because of their absolute location in Britain .
job losses [more] to ‘ structural shifts ’ occurred because of the relative status , and often age of product , of branch factories within their respective multi-plant firms , and only rarely because of their absolute location in britain .

Even where TNCs have been attracted by regional policy to locate new investments of the 1980s in assisted areas , the yield of additional jobs has been meagre .
even where tncs have been attracted by regional policy to locate new investments of the 1980s in assisted areas , the yield of [more] jobs has been meagre .

This investment of £728 million was expected in 1988 to provide only 3,000 additional jobs , mainly in component firms .
this investment of £728 million was expected in 1988 to provide only 3,000 [more] jobs , mainly in component firms .

‘ Testing and Assessment ’ was the only additional topic mentioned by more than one institution , and that was by two only .
‘ testing and assessment ’ was the only [more] topic mentioned by more than one institution , and that was by two only .

Taking all courses together , there was a noticeable tendency to consider additional topics in the areas of ‘ Language and … Ideology , Gender , Race , etc .
taking all courses together , there was a noticeable tendency to consider [more] topics in the areas of ‘ language and … ideology , gender , race , etc .

Extended , even maintained development , required additional staff .
extended , even maintained development , required [more] staff .

Additional supporting tapes and filmed materials will be used .
[more] supporting tapes and filmed materials will be used .

Much of the teaching takes place in school ; this , of course , is additional to the four main teaching practices which span the four years .
much of the teaching takes place in school ; this , of course , is [more] to the four main teaching practices which span the four years .

if the interpreter is also acting as culture broker , guide , philosopher and friend several things can happen ; the level of interpreting accuracy diminishes as the interpreter addresses these additional roles , both the non-English and English speaking clients lose control over the content of what is said , and , if the interpreter takes it upon themselves to decide what is to be interpreted , the standard of service usually diminishes .
if the interpreter is also acting as culture broker , guide , philosopher and friend several things can happen ; the level of interpreting accuracy diminishes as the interpreter addresses these [more] roles , both the non-english and english speaking clients lose control over the content of what is said , and , if the interpreter takes it upon themselves to decide what is to be interpreted , the standard of service usually diminishes .

Aiming at densities of 50 persons per acre , the area would receive no additional population .
aiming at densities of 50 persons per acre , the area would receive no [more] population .

The region was booming , particularly in service employment , where 80 per cent of the additional jobs had been found .
the region was booming , particularly in service employment , where 80 per cent of the [more] jobs had been found .

It gave additional powers to local authorities with severe inner area problems and the provisions only applied to three types of designated districts .
it gave [more] powers to local authorities with severe inner area problems and the provisions only applied to three types of designated districts .

Forester had an idea of how he might get the additional information , but it would have to wait until tomorrow .
forester had an idea of how he might get the [more] information , but it would have to wait until tomorrow .

There is an additional double bind for men in that they are very often the cause of the woman 's tears ; it may well be their behaviour that has caused the distress .
there is an [more] double bind for men in that they are very often the cause of the woman 's tears ; it may well be their behaviour that has caused the distress .

Having regard to the doubts already expressed on the advisability of placing entire reliance on the automatic functioning of such systems , it is suggested that the facilities they provide for the application of water might be adapted to perform the additional role of fixed fire fighting equipment .
having regard to the doubts already expressed on the advisability of placing entire reliance on the automatic functioning of such systems , it is suggested that the facilities they provide for the application of water might be adapted to perform the [more] role of fixed fire fighting equipment .

Where , in such warehouses the storage rack system supports the roof then little or no additional protection at ceiling level may be required according to the structure of the roof and the geometry of the rack system at roof level .
where , in such warehouses the storage rack system supports the roof then little or no [more] protection at ceiling level may be required according to the structure of the roof and the geometry of the rack system at roof level .

As and when National Building Regulations include means of escape , fire fighting facilities and other additional requirements , it is understood that these will supersede the parallel clauses in any Local Authority Acts .
as and when national building regulations include means of escape , fire fighting facilities and other [more] requirements , it is understood that these will supersede the parallel clauses in any local authority acts .

The outcome can be conventional or revolutionary ; to develop another of Popper 's metaphors , it can amount to mere filling in of the mortar , an additional brick or two , or even a completely new building .
the outcome can be conventional or revolutionary ; to develop another of popper 's metaphors , it can amount to mere filling in of the mortar , an [more] brick or two , or even a completely new building .

There are additional dimensions to the authority of teachers in higher education .
there are [more] dimensions to the authority of teachers in higher education .

In addition to the software we have become used to ; word processors , data bases , spreadsheets and so on , we now have two additional categories .
in addition to the software we have become used to ; word processors , data bases , spreadsheets and so on , we now have two [more] categories .

Several additional features can now be added like colour or photographs and the product starts to take on a more professional look .
several [more] features can now be added like colour or photographs and the product starts to take on a more professional look .

The price of all this additional information is not shown in the quote , £6 per page .
the price of all this [more] information is not shown in the quote , £6 per page .

Most users will seldom have more than , say , half a dozen additional fonts and these will probably all fit quite happily into the System file itself .
most users will seldom have more than , say , half a dozen [more] fonts and these will probably all fit quite happily into the system file itself .

supplementary material additional to the main body of a book and printed separately at the start or end of the text .
supplementary material [more] to the main body of a book and printed separately at the start or end of the text .

additional white space allowed in the margins of text and illustrations when forming a foldout .
[more] white space allowed in the margins of text and illustrations when forming a foldout .

artwork requiring additional components such as halftones or line drawings to be added before the reproduction stage .
artwork requiring [more] components such as halftones or line drawings to be added before the reproduction stage .

an instruction to the printer for the inclusion of additional copy .
an instruction to the printer for the inclusion of [more] copy .

additional paper required to compensate for spoilage in printing .
[more] paper required to compensate for spoilage in printing .

Almost without exception these packages , if one can still call them that , are based around the spreadsheet and provide overlays to offer additional functions such as word processing , data base and communications .
almost without exception these packages , if one can still call them that , are based around the spreadsheet and provide overlays to offer [more] functions such as word processing , data base and communications .

It is generally sensible to limit the additional capabilities that the new desktop publishing product will give you to the bare minimum .
it is generally sensible to limit the [more] capabilities that the new desktop publishing product will give you to the bare minimum .

On the rare occasion where we need the additional quality of typesetting the only thing we need to take are the disks .
on the rare occasion where we need the [more] quality of typesetting the only thing we need to take are the disks .

The new release of PageMaker has addressed itself to four main areas in which users felt the product was lacking ; long documents , repetitive formats , graphics and colour , as well as adding additional features such as text export and enhanced file import facilities .
the new release of pagemaker has addressed itself to four main areas in which users felt the product was lacking ; long documents , repetitive formats , graphics and colour , as well as adding [more] features such as text export and enhanced file import facilities .

Interestingly , this and all the additional ‘ power features ’ of 3.0 must be selected by the user , they are not default options when you install the package .
interestingly , this and all the [more] ‘ power features ’ of 3.0 must be selected by the user , they are not default options when you install the package .

Additional items such as colour , indentation and tabs can also be attached to the tag .
[more] items such as colour , indentation and tabs can also be attached to the tag .

There is no implementation of a line , column or page breaking tag so there is almost inevitably some additional manual positioning to be done .
there is no implementation of a line , column or page breaking tag so there is almost inevitably some [more] manual positioning to be done .

Additional handles can be added to the second frame simply by clicking on it with the mouse and these are then dragged to re-shape the boundary .
[more] handles can be added to the second frame simply by clicking on it with the mouse and these are then dragged to re-shape the boundary .

Indeed , when first turned on , the current user might wonder where the additional features actually were , so closely have Aldus stuck to the previous version 's user interface .
indeed , when first turned on , the current user might wonder where the [more] features actually were , so closely have aldus stuck to the previous version 's user interface .

Some suppliers are beginning to develop additional faces but the obvious way forward is to create a PostScript film recorder .
some suppliers are beginning to develop [more] faces but the obvious way forward is to create a postscript film recorder .

Perhaps now is the time to run down the older methods and , if this is not the case , maybe some additional training is required .
perhaps now is the time to run down the older methods and , if this is not the case , maybe some [more] training is required .

Additional , and often standard , features will include charting , graphing , tables generation and last , but by no means least , the capability to handle mathematical or scientific material .
[more] , and often standard , features will include charting , graphing , tables generation and last , but by no means least , the capability to handle mathematical or scientific material .

Should an additional shift be established in order to raise production levels to meet growing sales demand ? )
should an [more] shift be established in order to raise production levels to meet growing sales demand ? )

matrix structures are sometimes more costly eg. if product management positions are additional jobs , where a simple structure of functional departmentation would suffice ; and
matrix structures are sometimes more costly eg. if product management positions are [more] jobs , where a simple structure of functional departmentation would suffice ; and

The proceeds of our Oil Reserves are presently being used to cover short term deficiencies and there are really no increased national resources in spite of several years of additional oil revenue .
the proceeds of our oil reserves are presently being used to cover short term deficiencies and there are really no increased national resources in spite of several years of [more] oil revenue .

The latest government practice , of having an additional mid-year budget each November , confirms the fact that grand strategies devised with the full confidence of the ruling party , and which consequently become Acts of Parliament every July , frequently provide inadequate in as little as six months .
the latest government practice , of having an [more] mid-year budget each november , confirms the fact that grand strategies devised with the full confidence of the ruling party , and which consequently become acts of parliament every july , frequently provide inadequate in as little as six months .

The 7 million tonnes of straw could , by proper conversion into animal feed , product 600,000 tonnes of beef , which alone is worth £1,000 million at wholesale prices , not to mention additional processed meat and pet-food .
the 7 million tonnes of straw could , by proper conversion into animal feed , product 600,000 tonnes of beef , which alone is worth £1,000 million at wholesale prices , not to mention [more] processed meat and pet-food .

Additional revenue could be obtained by the Exchequer from this source and it would deter demand for imported goods by making them appear expensive in our shops .
[more] revenue could be obtained by the exchequer from this source and it would deter demand for imported goods by making them appear expensive in our shops .

There would be every justification to grant-aid this type of work , leaving developers and speculators to concentrate on additional building when they see that they can utilise the facilities throughout the year .
there would be every justification to grant-aid this type of work , leaving developers and speculators to concentrate on [more] building when they see that they can utilise the facilities throughout the year .

He was still acting as a trustee for the officers and men of the artillery train when additional compensation was voted out of crown lands in the act of 1652 ; a misleading reference from May of that year has led some authorities to assume that he was dead by then .
he was still acting as a trustee for the officers and men of the artillery train when [more] compensation was voted out of crown lands in the act of 1652 ; a misleading reference from may of that year has led some authorities to assume that he was dead by then .

Additional poems bearing individual dates were transcribed on to the endpapers of the British Library copy from a manuscript owned by Dixon 's niece , a Mrs Eliza ( née De Langle ) Bunce , possibly the child of an unidentified sister .
[more] poems bearing individual dates were transcribed on to the endpapers of the british library copy from a manuscript owned by dixon 's niece , a mrs eliza ( née de langle ) bunce , possibly the child of an unidentified sister .

Lowther purchased additional land worth over £1,200 a year at a cost of £28,085 , mostly in Cumbria though some was in Yorkshire .
lowther purchased [more] land worth over £1,200 a year at a cost of £28,085 , mostly in cumbria though some was in yorkshire .

After a separate trial , held ten days after Rackam 's execution , two additional , and notably active , members of his crew were also sentenced to hang : these were the female pirates Mary Read and Anne Bonny , who were both reprieved upon informing the court that they were ‘ quick with child ’ .
after a separate trial , held ten days after rackam 's execution , two [more] , and notably active , members of his crew were also sentenced to hang : these were the female pirates mary read and anne bonny , who were both reprieved upon informing the court that they were ‘ quick with child ’ .

The canal and railways serving Par and Newquay acquired an additional importance with the growth of the working of china clay in the moorland between them .
the canal and railways serving par and newquay acquired an [more] importance with the growth of the working of china clay in the moorland between them .

In the ‘ additional note ’ to Guy Mannering , Sir Walter Scott [ q.v . ]
in the ‘ [more] note ’ to guy mannering , sir walter scott [ q.v . ]

, the London draper , for which he hired 500 additional workers .
, the london draper , for which he hired 500 [more] workers .

Additional distribution warehouses were maintained in London , Blaydon-on-Tyne , Ware ( Hertfordshire ) , Wolverhampton , Walsall , and Stourbridge .
[more] distribution warehouses were maintained in london , blaydon-on-tyne , ware ( hertfordshire ) , wolverhampton , walsall , and stourbridge .

He was still involved in the fishery in 1596 , when he took the Pilgrim of Newport , Isle of Wight , into St John 's Harbour to purchase additional salt .
he was still involved in the fishery in 1596 , when he took the pilgrim of newport , isle of wight , into st john 's harbour to purchase [more] salt .

His father left home when he was three , and his mother took on additional jobs , enabling the children to attend the village school .
his father left home when he was three , and his mother took on [more] jobs , enabling the children to attend the village school .

Eastry , however , reorganized and improved the method of collecting revenues from the manors , bringing in additional funds .
eastry , however , reorganized and improved the method of collecting revenues from the manors , bringing in [more] funds .

These two operations went together , for additional capital was needed to buy up competitors , and iron and wire suppliers .
these two operations went together , for [more] capital was needed to buy up competitors , and iron and wire suppliers .

In 1889 he assumed the additional surnames and arms of Goldsmid and Stern .
in 1889 he assumed the [more] surnames and arms of goldsmid and stern .

It was conceded that had any individual shareholder held a sufficient block to give him ‘ control ’ of the company then he might have been entitled to a higher price than the total market value of his shares , since he would then have been selling an item of property — control — additional to his shares .
it was conceded that had any individual shareholder held a sufficient block to give him ‘ control ’ of the company then he might have been entitled to a higher price than the total market value of his shares , since he would then have been selling an item of property — control — [more] to his shares .

It will also be possible , by the trust deed , to impose on the company additional obligations , regarding the submission of information and the like , which might not otherwise be practicable .
it will also be possible , by the trust deed , to impose on the company [more] obligations , regarding the submission of information and the like , which might not otherwise be practicable .

The justification for this is probably that it provides the chargee with an additional incentive to ensure that his charge is registered .
the justification for this is probably that it provides the chargee with an [more] incentive to ensure that his charge is registered .

Of the additional safeguards now to be considered the primary one , both to investors and creditors , is the publicity which , to a greater or lesser extent , attends the functioning of the company .
of the [more] safeguards now to be considered the primary one , both to investors and creditors , is the publicity which , to a greater or lesser extent , attends the functioning of the company .

It also enables some additional or more recent information to be obtained .
it also enables some [more] or more recent information to be obtained .

Again , if the company is listed , it will be subject to additional duties to keep its security holders and , indeed the public , informed of all major developments and if it does not The Exchange may publish the information .
again , if the company is listed , it will be subject to [more] duties to keep its security holders and , indeed the public , informed of all major developments and if it does not the exchange may publish the information .

Such is the importance attached to the true-and-fair principle that , when compliance with the relevant Schedule and other provisions of the Act would not be sufficient to give a true and fair view , the necessary additional information must be given in the accounts or notes to them .
such is the importance attached to the true-and-fair principle that , when compliance with the relevant schedule and other provisions of the act would not be sufficient to give a true and fair view , the necessary [more] information must be given in the accounts or notes to them .

Furthermore , it must give additional information on the matters mentioned in Schedule 7 to the Act .
furthermore , it must give [more] information on the matters mentioned in schedule 7 to the act .

The commendable objectives were ( i ) to present private investors with a document which they might find more helpful to them than the full statutory accounts , ( ii ) to reduce an appalling waste of paper , since undoubtedly a great many such investors consign the glossy brochures containing the accounts ( ii ) to their waste-paper baskets after only the most cursory of glances ( if any ) and , perhaps , ( iii ) to reduce the company 's postage — though it is unlikely that any saving on that could be commensurate with the cost of preparing an additional document and , in effect , having it audited .
the commendable objectives were ( i ) to present private investors with a document which they might find more helpful to them than the full statutory accounts , ( ii ) to reduce an appalling waste of paper , since undoubtedly a great many such investors consign the glossy brochures containing the accounts ( ii ) to their waste-paper baskets after only the most cursory of glances ( if any ) and , perhaps , ( iii ) to reduce the company 's postage — though it is unlikely that any saving on that could be commensurate with the cost of preparing an [more] document and , in effect , having it audited .

’ Instead , it compromises ; expressions of opinion , however distasteful or offensive they may be , are not within the ambit of the legislation without the additional public order elements .
’ instead , it compromises ; expressions of opinion , however distasteful or offensive they may be , are not within the ambit of the legislation without the [more] public order elements .

If the trial takes place before the magistrates and they come to the conclusion that the offence under section 54 ( 1 ) is not made out , they are presently unable to convict of the offence of simple assault unless there is an additional information charging the common assault .
if the trial takes place before the magistrates and they come to the conclusion that the offence under section 54 ( 1 ) is not made out , they are presently unable to convict of the offence of simple assault unless there is an [more] information charging the common assault .

This additional activation of cat might cause the logogen for cot to be more highly activated than the correct logogen for cot : cot would be incorrectly identified as cat .
this [more] activation of cat might cause the logogen for cot to be more highly activated than the correct logogen for cot : cot would be incorrectly identified as cat .

However , waiting for further phonemes after the /p/ would also be inefficient because this increases recognition time without increasing accuracy , since the additional phonemes do not provide any necessary information .
however , waiting for further phonemes after the /p/ would also be inefficient because this increases recognition time without increasing accuracy , since the [more] phonemes do not provide any necessary information .

Finally , the additional time taken to read words occurring at the end of clauses and sentences might reflect the time taken to carry out syntactic processing of that particular clause or sentence .
finally , the [more] time taken to read words occurring at the end of clauses and sentences might reflect the time taken to carry out syntactic processing of that particular clause or sentence .

For the latter , the additional time spent on reading words occurring at clause boundaries ( in comparison with words not occurring at boundaries ) was 73 milliseconds .
for the latter , the [more] time spent on reading words occurring at clause boundaries ( in comparison with words not occurring at boundaries ) was 73 milliseconds .

For the philosophical passage , the additional time was 228 milliseconds .
for the philosophical passage , the [more] time was 228 milliseconds .

Further analysis of the relationship between pause length and syntactic complexity suggested that the additional reading time was not caused by greater syntactic complexity .
further analysis of the relationship between pause length and syntactic complexity suggested that the [more] reading time was not caused by greater syntactic complexity .

Therefore , Mitchell and Green concluded , the additional reading time must reflect the additional difficulty of relating the information currently being obtained to information presented earlier in the passage .
therefore , mitchell and green concluded , the [more] reading time must reflect the [more] difficulty of relating the information currently being obtained to information presented earlier in the passage .

For the moment , however , we want to consider what might be involved in the processing of an individual clause , and we will suggest that the additional processing load at the end of clauses arises because of several different processes , some concerned with understanding the syntax and semantics of the clause which has just been read , and others with the relating of information in this clause to earlier information in the passage .
for the moment , however , we want to consider what might be involved in the processing of an individual clause , and we will suggest that the [more] processing load at the end of clauses arises because of several different processes , some concerned with understanding the syntax and semantics of the clause which has just been read , and others with the relating of information in this clause to earlier information in the passage .

However , when a subordinate clause follows a main clause this additional processing load does not occur .
however , when a subordinate clause follows a main clause this [more] processing load does not occur .

Second , a context may increase comprehension time by introducing additional processing demands , namely , the integration of the meaning of the sentence with the preceding context .
second , a context may increase comprehension time by introducing [more] processing demands , namely , the integration of the meaning of the sentence with the preceding context .

Second , a prior context imposes an additional processing load ( and hence an increase in processing time in Dooling 's experiment ) when a current sentence has to be integrated with information presented earlier in the discourse .
second , a prior context imposes an [more] processing load ( and hence an increase in processing time in dooling 's experiment ) when a current sentence has to be integrated with information presented earlier in the discourse .

However this difference might not have reflected the additional time taken to draw an inference in the indirect antecedent condition , but rather that there was repetition of a noun in the direct antecedent condition but not in the indirect antecedent condition .
however this difference might not have reflected the [more] time taken to draw an inference in the indirect antecedent condition , but rather that there was repetition of a noun in the direct antecedent condition but not in the indirect antecedent condition .

Haviland and Clark found that the reaction time difference between the two conditions remained and therefore concluded that the additional time taken to comprehend the target sentence in the indirect antecedent condition arose because of the need to draw a bridging inference .
haviland and clark found that the reaction time difference between the two conditions remained and therefore concluded that the [more] time taken to comprehend the target sentence in the indirect antecedent condition arose because of the need to draw a bridging inference .

Other symptoms frequently seen in the sentence production of Broca 's aphasics would need to be explained as due to additional deficits in the sentence-production system ( e.g .
other symptoms frequently seen in the sentence production of broca 's aphasics would need to be explained as due to [more] deficits in the sentence-production system ( e.g .

They are also much valued as an additional source of interest in the water garden , adding colour and life to the pool and providing entertainment for old and young alike .
they are also much valued as an [more] source of interest in the water garden , adding colour and life to the pool and providing entertainment for old and young alike .

All the rest of the equipment , together with additional tools and a power generator , were sent out the following morning .
all the rest of the equipment , together with [more] tools and a power generator , were sent out the following morning .

During the period , apart from emergencies , any additional funding must come from existing programmes ( Collender , 1992 , 280–93 ) .
during the period , apart from emergencies , any [more] funding must come from existing programmes ( collender , 1992 , 280–93 ) .

The Corporate Report takes the view that published accounts should include additional indicators of performance via additional statements , such as statements of value added , employment reports , statements of money exchanges with governments , etc .
the corporate report takes the view that published accounts should include [more] indicators of performance via [more] statements , such as statements of value added , employment reports , statements of money exchanges with governments , etc .

For predicting the need to obtain additional short-term finance resources .
for predicting the need to obtain [more] short-term finance resources .

The extent to which accounting information enters into the consideration of relevance and how far it meets these constraints , is determined by an additional concept : materiality .
the extent to which accounting information enters into the consideration of relevance and how far it meets these constraints , is determined by an [more] concept : materiality .

However , particularly in the context of public sector accounting , it adds a necessary additional emphasis .
however , particularly in the context of public sector accounting , it adds a necessary [more] emphasis .

The question is whether the gain in timeliness is worth the additional subjectivity involved .
the question is whether the gain in timeliness is worth the [more] subjectivity involved .

This cost can be direct , for example in the form of additional accounting staff salaries , or it can be indirect , where other activities are neglected so as to put more effort into the final accounts .
this cost can be direct , for example in the form of [more] accounting staff salaries , or it can be indirect , where other activities are neglected so as to put more effort into the final accounts .

The fund view is flexible enough to provide the opportunity for providing this kind of ‘ additional ’ information .
the fund view is flexible enough to provide the opportunity for providing this kind of ‘ [more] ’ information .

Under accruals accounting , in order to make sure the whole budget was spent , additional orders would have to be issued and invoices received before debits would be recognized .
under accruals accounting , in order to make sure the whole budget was spent , [more] orders would have to be issued and invoices received before debits would be recognized .

These additional costs are of two kinds .
these [more] costs are of two kinds .

The additional attraction of moving to a central control , for some , is that it has often been argued , and increasingly so over the past 20 years , that debt charges do not measure ‘ cost of service ’ and should not be charged to detailed revenue accounts anyway .
the [more] attraction of moving to a central control , for some , is that it has often been argued , and increasingly so over the past 20 years , that debt charges do not measure ‘ cost of service ’ and should not be charged to detailed revenue accounts anyway .

An additional potential benefit is that charging depreciation means that funds are set aside ( though these funds need not be and probably will not be liquid ) to maintain the capital of the organization .
an [more] potential benefit is that charging depreciation means that funds are set aside ( though these funds need not be and probably will not be liquid ) to maintain the capital of the organization .

The current situation could be interpreted this way : the additional depreciation is building up capital but not so that the sewers can be replaced without the need to borrow ; rather , that the smaller future borrowing requirement will recompense future generations for the unwillingness of pre-1974 ratepayers to share the burden of the capital cost of sewers .
the current situation could be interpreted this way : the [more] depreciation is building up capital but not so that the sewers can be replaced without the need to borrow ; rather , that the smaller future borrowing requirement will recompense future generations for the unwillingness of pre-1974 ratepayers to share the burden of the capital cost of sewers .

There is no doubt that in the past this is where depreciation accounting has floundered , as an addition to the existing system : local taxes were judged to be incapable of bearing the additional burden .
there is no doubt that in the past this is where depreciation accounting has floundered , as an addition to the existing system : local taxes were judged to be incapable of bearing the [more] burden .

Depreciation accounting , in that way , could be used to raise additional taxes , perhaps for the explicit purpose of providing further investment .
depreciation accounting , in that way , could be used to raise [more] taxes , perhaps for the explicit purpose of providing further investment .

This might lead us to conclude that in the case where taxes can not bear the additional charges resulting from depreciation accounting ( which is another way of saying that there is not the political will to impose them ) , in order to retain control of the charge to revenue accounts , the existing system will remain .
this might lead us to conclude that in the case where taxes can not bear the [more] charges resulting from depreciation accounting ( which is another way of saying that there is not the political will to impose them ) , in order to retain control of the charge to revenue accounts , the existing system will remain .

An additional provision should be made in the profit and loss account for replacement of rail passenger assets .
an [more] provision should be made in the profit and loss account for replacement of rail passenger assets .

The report concludes that there is a need for the following additional statements to be published ( p. 79 ) :
the report concludes that there is a need for the following [more] statements to be published ( p. 79 ) :

And although the analyst questioned whether the additional labour in Rochester was completely justified by this , there is no doubt that this fact is at the heart of the differences in unit costs .
and although the analyst questioned whether the [more] labour in rochester was completely justified by this , there is no doubt that this fact is at the heart of the differences in unit costs .

Guidance has been provided by The Corporate Report , as we noted earlier , on the kind of additional statements that might be produced .
guidance has been provided by the corporate report , as we noted earlier , on the kind of [more] statements that might be produced .

An additional benefit is the relief of stress and tension .
an [more] benefit is the relief of stress and tension .

These were additional to interpretations of planation surfaces and were particularly concerned with the alternation of pluvial and arid phases in the Quaternary and their possible relationship to those of temperate latitudes ; with the sequence of valley development particularly as revealed by the chronology of alluvial deposits ; and with the significance of human activity which in some of the areas studied extended over many centuries .
these were [more] to interpretations of planation surfaces and were particularly concerned with the alternation of pluvial and arid phases in the quaternary and their possible relationship to those of temperate latitudes ; with the sequence of valley development particularly as revealed by the chronology of alluvial deposits ; and with the significance of human activity which in some of the areas studied extended over many centuries .

Hence additional measurements have often had to be made and not only should these be related to an a priori hypothesis but also they may be derived from small experimental areas .
hence [more] measurements have often had to be made and not only should these be related to an a priori hypothesis but also they may be derived from small experimental areas .

Experience of these techniques has recently prompted Oldfield ( 1983b ) to propose a steady-state model of ecosystem change related to man 's impact on environment as an additional alternative to more familiar successional and cyclic models , and this is more appropriately considered in relation to other time-bound developments ( chapter 8 , p. 182 ) .
experience of these techniques has recently prompted oldfield ( 1983b ) to propose a steady-state model of ecosystem change related to man 's impact on environment as an [more] alternative to more familiar successional and cyclic models , and this is more appropriately considered in relation to other time-bound developments ( chapter 8 , p. 182 ) .

In soil geography it is generally suggested that the systems approach was formally applied by Nikiforoff ( 1959 ) although earlier he had distinguished accumulative and non-accumulative soils and so implicitly involved an open system attitude ( Nikiforoff , 1949 ) . Earlier still Jenny ( 1941 ) in his Factors of Soil Formation had expressed any soil character in terms of climate ( cl ) , organisms ( o ) , relief ( r ) , parent material ( p ) time ( t ) , and other additional unspecified factors in the relation :
in soil geography it is generally suggested that the systems approach was formally applied by nikiforoff ( 1959 ) although earlier he had distinguished accumulative and non-accumulative soils and so implicitly involved an open system attitude ( nikiforoff , 1949 ) . earlier still jenny ( 1941 ) in his factors of soil formation had expressed any soil character in terms of climate ( cl ) , organisms ( o ) , relief ( r ) , parent material ( p ) time ( t ) , and other [more] unspecified factors in the relation :

An additional approach to geography as a whole using a systems framework has been advocated by Wilson ( 1981 ) .
an [more] approach to geography as a whole using a systems framework has been advocated by wilson ( 1981 ) .

Brezhnev 's neutralisation scheme for the Gulf in 1980 may have had an additional , more specific objective .
brezhnev 's neutralisation scheme for the gulf in 1980 may have had an [more] , more specific objective .

Additional evidence for the association of barchans with unidirectional winds is provided by Kharga Oasis , one of the only desert stations with wind records : at this locality the winds are almost unidirectional and the barchan is the only form of dune present .
[more] evidence for the association of barchans with unidirectional winds is provided by kharga oasis , one of the only desert stations with wind records : at this locality the winds are almost unidirectional and the barchan is the only form of dune present .

Individuals follow leaders because of the additional attribute of charisma and the personal attraction of the leader .
individuals follow leaders because of the [more] attribute of charisma and the personal attraction of the leader .

They act as guardians of the public purse when dealing with members of spending departments who seek additional resources .
they act as guardians of the public purse when dealing with members of spending departments who seek [more] resources .

Contrapuntal , or ‘ polyphonic ’ textures have the special objective of creating additional beauty in music through the movement of parts .
contrapuntal , or ‘ polyphonic ’ textures have the special objective of creating [more] beauty in music through the movement of parts .

Canon by inversion is not as easy to follow as normal imitation , and perhaps by reason of this obscurity it has been favoured by composers in this century — or at least by those who prefer obscurity to clarity . Example 39 is a canon by inversion at the 7th from Bach 's Musical Offering in which the ‘ royal theme ’ is filled out with additional notes of a chromatic nature :
canon by inversion is not as easy to follow as normal imitation , and perhaps by reason of this obscurity it has been favoured by composers in this century — or at least by those who prefer obscurity to clarity . example 39 is a canon by inversion at the 7th from bach 's musical offering in which the ‘ royal theme ’ is filled out with [more] notes of a chromatic nature :

But even in less extreme cases , themes can be greatly enriched by additional harmonies , particularly by a moving bass line which can transform the significance of the rest .
but even in less extreme cases , themes can be greatly enriched by [more] harmonies , particularly by a moving bass line which can transform the significance of the rest .

Membership Field Chairs Module leaders of modules that are acceptable or compulsory for the field Appropriate Heads of Departments ( ex officio ) Student representatives The committee may co-opt additional members for special purposes .
membership field chairs module leaders of modules that are acceptable or compulsory for the field appropriate heads of departments ( ex officio ) student representatives the committee may co-opt [more] members for special purposes .

Additional information supplied by the Modular Office includes details of medical certificates received over the term , field change requests from students and statistical summaries of module results .
[more] information supplied by the modular office includes details of medical certificates received over the term , field change requests from students and statistical summaries of module results .

However , in accordance with the principles of credit accumulation , full-time students can make use of Course regulations to take additional modules , at their own expense in the part-time mode , to get back on track .
however , in accordance with the principles of credit accumulation , full-time students can make use of course regulations to take [more] modules , at their own expense in the part-time mode , to get back on track .

This strategy is not the whole solution ; for example , external reviewers may be reluctant to identify under-resourcing as a serious quality problem , when they know that additional resources are not available , just as juries would not convict for lamb-stealing in eighteenth-century England when they knew conviction would lead to death .
this strategy is not the whole solution ; for example , external reviewers may be reluctant to identify under-resourcing as a serious quality problem , when they know that [more] resources are not available , just as juries would not convict for lamb-stealing in eighteenth-century england when they knew conviction would lead to death .

Similarly , the finding that class size affects performance , and ancillary evidence on the rate of increase in the frequency of large classes , has directly led to the provision of additional purpose-built accommodation for large classes .
similarly , the finding that class size affects performance , and ancillary evidence on the rate of increase in the frequency of large classes , has directly led to the provision of [more] purpose-built accommodation for large classes .

They will relish the additional control this gives them over their work .
they will relish the [more] control this gives them over their work .

All sorts of additional class niceties were well known to travellers , even if they were not hallowed by signposts .
all sorts of [more] class niceties were well known to travellers , even if they were not hallowed by signposts .

In India there was an additional need for female protection among the Muslims .
in india there was an [more] need for female protection among the muslims .

Never did he hasten his steps or hurry , no matter what the emergency , so that there was the additional fear that he would miss the train .
never did he hasten his steps or hurry , no matter what the emergency , so that there was the [more] fear that he would miss the train .

the role of generalised agencies was endorsed , but with no additional funding ;
the role of generalised agencies was endorsed , but with no [more] funding ;

It does not for the moment wish to take on additional responsibilities in respect of criminal legal aid , means assessments and determinations and taxations of costs , given that it is not at present in a position to do the work more effectively .
it does not for the moment wish to take on [more] responsibilities in respect of criminal legal aid , means assessments and determinations and taxations of costs , given that it is not at present in a position to do the work more effectively .

Respondents other than the Law Society thought that the supposed difficulties of including advice agencies in franchising had been exaggerated ; their involvement should indeed be encouraged , and would require additional resources .
respondents other than the law society thought that the supposed difficulties of including advice agencies in franchising had been exaggerated ; their involvement should indeed be encouraged , and would require [more] resources .

It is he or she who will be incurring additional expenses as a result of the accident and whose earning power may have been impaired .
it is he or she who will be incurring [more] expenses as a result of the accident and whose earning power may have been impaired .

This places an additional responsibility on an Area Director in deciding whether an applicant for legal aid has reasonable grounds for bringing an action as plaintiff — the Director may be protecting unassisted defendants as well as the public purse .
this places an [more] responsibility on an area director in deciding whether an applicant for legal aid has reasonable grounds for bringing an action as plaintiff — the director may be protecting unassisted defendants as well as the public purse .

You can see that with the possible exception of a few dust samples there are no radiometric ages older than 4600 Ma , which is additional evidence for this being the age of formation of the planets .
you can see that with the possible exception of a few dust samples there are no radiometric ages older than 4600 ma , which is [more] evidence for this being the age of formation of the planets .

Any reduction in orbital speed by the action of an additional force can be shown to lead to shrinkage of the orbit .
any reduction in orbital speed by the action of an [more] force can be shown to lead to shrinkage of the orbit .

In order to explain this excess radiation additional inputs of energy to Jupiter from beyond the planet have been considered , but none seem anywhere near large enough to make up the difference .
in order to explain this excess radiation [more] inputs of energy to jupiter from beyond the planet have been considered , but none seem anywhere near large enough to make up the difference .

The application of the assessment process to the process of intervention and , if necessary , the development of a support network will then build upon the strength and resources identified and be designed to provide additional resources and services to minimize risk and improve the quality of life .
the application of the assessment process to the process of intervention and , if necessary , the development of a support network will then build upon the strength and resources identified and be designed to provide [more] resources and services to minimize risk and improve the quality of life .

The lack of additional or ring-fenced central funding for the care programme approach as such was seen as a disadvantage .
the lack of [more] or ring-fenced central funding for the care programme approach as such was seen as a disadvantage .

In another model , that preferred by the Department of Health ( 1992 ) , care programming is the pathway to care management , which provides similar input but with additional intensity and possibly with additional resources .
in another model , that preferred by the department of health ( 1992 ) , care programming is the pathway to care management , which provides similar input but with [more] intensity and possibly with [more] resources .

Patients were initially assessed while receiving a typical neuroleptic , and additional medications .
patients were initially assessed while receiving a typical neuroleptic , and [more] medications .

Such a step might not involve a great deal of additional work in the legislative process , since Bills are already accompanied on presentation to Parliament by an Explanatory and Financial Memorandum , which is frequently well drafted and helpful .
such a step might not involve a great deal of [more] work in the legislative process , since bills are already accompanied on presentation to parliament by an explanatory and financial memorandum , which is frequently well drafted and helpful .

There is nothing to prevent eleven ( or fewer ) Member States entering into a treaty between themselves on matters outside or additional to the existing treaties — indeed the Maastricht Treaty itself , as is well known , envisages less than twelve Member States acting together in the ‘ new ’ areas of Monetary Union and Social policy — and in that sense can hardly be regarded as deepening the Community as previously defined .
there is nothing to prevent eleven ( or fewer ) member states entering into a treaty between themselves on matters outside or [more] to the existing treaties — indeed the maastricht treaty itself , as is well known , envisages less than twelve member states acting together in the ‘ new ’ areas of monetary union and social policy — and in that sense can hardly be regarded as deepening the community as previously defined .

Citing an additional reason for the change of tack , he went on to suggest that ‘ laying the blame at the door of Libya will lift a burden from the shoulders of diplomats working to reconvene the Middle East peace conference and to release the last remaining British hostage in Lebanon , Mr Terry Waite .
citing an [more] reason for the change of tack , he went on to suggest that ‘ laying the blame at the door of libya will lift a burden from the shoulders of diplomats working to reconvene the middle east peace conference and to release the last remaining british hostage in lebanon , mr terry waite .

‘ Publishers should make sure that there really are adequate incentives for booksellers to showcase their ranges in prime locations which are attractively fitted out … To me the biggest problem must be over publishing . How can we possibly justify creating 7,000 additional children 's books each year ? What bookseller can hope adequately to display more than a mere handful of these — and often then at the expense of much saleable backlist titles ? ’
‘ publishers should make sure that there really are adequate incentives for booksellers to showcase their ranges in prime locations which are attractively fitted out … to me the biggest problem must be over publishing . how can we possibly justify creating 7,000 [more] children 's books each year ? what bookseller can hope adequately to display more than a mere handful of these — and often then at the expense of much saleable backlist titles ? ’

Inevitably , it is going to lead to stocks that are narrower in range , but the benefits are already showing in additional use .
inevitably , it is going to lead to stocks that are narrower in range , but the benefits are already showing in [more] use .

Let us hope , then , that it achieves the automatic status of recommended ‘ additional ’ reading .
let us hope , then , that it achieves the automatic status of recommended ‘ [more] ’ reading .

Since the South Australian legislature expressly rejected the original Bill introduced by the Attorney-General , which would have abolished the immunity altogether , it would seem that an act calculated to humiliate a spouse could not consist of rape alone unless there were additional aggravating circumstances .
since the south australian legislature expressly rejected the original bill introduced by the attorney-general , which would have abolished the immunity altogether , it would seem that an act calculated to humiliate a spouse could not consist of rape alone unless there were [more] aggravating circumstances .

The additional element in sexual assault might be no more than the particular circumstances .
the [more] element in sexual assault might be no more than the particular circumstances .

For example , injury or damage caused by the use of woodworking machinery [ other than portable tools ] may be specifically excluded unless you ask for it to be included and pay an additional premium .
for example , injury or damage caused by the use of woodworking machinery [ other than portable tools ] may be specifically excluded unless you ask for it to be included and pay an [more] premium .

Employers need to be committed to providing candidates with access to and use of workplace evidence ; opportunities for additional experience ; testimonies of their performance ; counselling and support ; and , ideally , a development programme for achieving the required competencies .
employers need to be committed to providing candidates with access to and use of workplace evidence ; opportunities for [more] experience ; testimonies of their performance ; counselling and support ; and , ideally , a development programme for achieving the required competencies .

Glasgow seemed better equipped to handle the additional 20 minutes and snatched victory thanks to an own goal by Donald McIntyre ( Forfar ) and Stephen Ross 's late third .
glasgow seemed better equipped to handle the [more] 20 minutes and snatched victory thanks to an own goal by donald mcintyre ( forfar ) and stephen ross 's late third .

Bawsinch Nature Reserve was bought in 1971 for £1,000 by the Scottish Wildlife Trust to provide a buffer zone for Duddingston Bird Sanctuary and provide additional habitats .
bawsinch nature reserve was bought in 1971 for £1,000 by the scottish wildlife trust to provide a buffer zone for duddingston bird sanctuary and provide [more] habitats .

Meeting the European Community Urban Waste Water Directive alone will require an additional £76 million expenditure — to end sludge dumping at sea , to provide secondary sewage treatment at Edinburgh Sewage Treatment Works and to construct the Almond Valley Trunk Sewer .
meeting the european community urban waste water directive alone will require an [more] £76 million expenditure — to end sludge dumping at sea , to provide secondary sewage treatment at edinburgh sewage treatment works and to construct the almond valley trunk sewer .

Both you and the Council must give each other copies of any additional information .
both you and the council must give each other copies of any [more] information .

Extension of the East Approach to Leith to Seafield Road , together with additional design features and inflation , have increased the current preliminary estimate to £12.3 million .
extension of the east approach to leith to seafield road , together with [more] design features and inflation , have increased the current preliminary estimate to £12.3 million .

1.7 The Department acknowledges that certain duties may carry additional risks to employees and all possible steps will be taken to minimise these . Particularly :
1.7 the department acknowledges that certain duties may carry [more] risks to employees and all possible steps will be taken to minimise these . particularly :

Whether there should be temporary additional supervision and monitoring of the employee 's work .
whether there should be temporary [more] supervision and monitoring of the employee 's work .

Following an agreement by the Council to meet the marginal cost of additional interviews , the Scottish Office enhanced the sample size for Lothian and agreed that the data would be made available for local use .
following an agreement by the council to meet the marginal cost of [more] interviews , the scottish office enhanced the sample size for lothian and agreed that the data would be made available for local use .

The scheme generated a significant number of additional bus trips which gave rise to the highest proportion of elderly bus passenger casualties of all Scottish local authorities .
the scheme generated a significant number of [more] bus trips which gave rise to the highest proportion of elderly bus passenger casualties of all scottish local authorities .

Generate additional funding and resources for the road safety initiatives contained in the Road Safety Plan .
generate [more] funding and resources for the road safety initiatives contained in the road safety plan .

an increasing number of buses now include additional passenger safety features
an increasing number of buses now include [more] passenger safety features

If you have savings of £5,000 , we would ignore the first £3000 and work out the additional payment on the remaining £2000 at £1 for every £250 which would give an additional weekly payment of £8 .
if you have savings of £5,000 , we would ignore the first £3000 and work out the [more] payment on the remaining £2000 at £1 for every £250 which would give an [more] weekly payment of £8 .

Additional ‘ adaptations ’ to houses and public buildings .
[more] ‘ adaptations ’ to houses and public buildings .

Additional home alarm services .
[more] home alarm services .

Additional physiotherapy , occupational and speech therapy services .
[more] physiotherapy , occupational and speech therapy services .

Details of the costs of these additional services are available on request in the Library .
details of the costs of these [more] services are available on request in the library .

Correspondence re the formation of additional neighbourhood watch schemes on the village .
correspondence re the formation of [more] neighbourhood watch schemes on the village .

The Company 's objectives are to : Manage effectively its existing reserves portfolio ; find and develop efficiently additional reserves which offer significant potential to add value for shareholders ; build a business which is profitable even at low oil prices ; and provide a strong financial base to support its operations .
the company 's objectives are to : manage effectively its existing reserves portfolio ; find and develop efficiently [more] reserves which offer significant potential to add value for shareholders ; build a business which is profitable even at low oil prices ; and provide a strong financial base to support its operations .

Our working interest production rose from 85,000 boepd to 184,000 boepd , chiefly as a result of the additional production from the Ultramar acquisition .
our working interest production rose from 85,000 boepd to 184,000 boepd , chiefly as a result of the [more] production from the ultramar acquisition .

They should be given additional resources .
they should be given [more] resources .

Whilst we would like to reserve our position over any additional conditions that we or others may wish to propose in future , we support the County Council 's conditions , as drafted .
whilst we would like to reserve our position over any [more] conditions that we or others may wish to propose in future , we support the county council 's conditions , as drafted .

‘ However , we faced additional difficulties in view of the fact that Markham is a transmedian field , ’ David continued .
‘ however , we faced [more] difficulties in view of the fact that markham is a transmedian field , ’ david continued .

Consequently , an active programme of asset disposals has been under way over the last year in order to reduce the group 's high level of debt , which was the result of decisions to develop new oil and gas fields over the last few years , as well as the additional debt burden inherited following the acquisition of Ultramar .
consequently , an active programme of asset disposals has been under way over the last year in order to reduce the group 's high level of debt , which was the result of decisions to develop new oil and gas fields over the last few years , as well as the [more] debt burden inherited following the acquisition of ultramar .

Reasonable additional travel and accommodation expenses necessary to obtain a replacement passport .
reasonable [more] travel and accommodation expenses necessary to obtain a replacement passport .

Covers costs incurred for medical treatment plus any additional hotel , travel and repatriation costs .
covers costs incurred for medical treatment plus any [more] hotel , travel and repatriation costs .

Additional accommodation and travel expenses incurred as a consequence of accident or mechanical failure involving the motor vehicle in which you are travelling or failure of public transport services resulting in failure to deliver you to the International departure/return port or airport in time .
[more] accommodation and travel expenses incurred as a consequence of accident or mechanical failure involving the motor vehicle in which you are travelling or failure of public transport services resulting in failure to deliver you to the international departure/return port or airport in time .

An additional $ 101 million is required to tackle pollution of land and sea , caused mainly by phosphate and chemical industries , through a reduction in discharges of sulphur dioxide , fluorine compounds and phosphate derivatives .
an [more] $ 101 million is required to tackle pollution of land and sea , caused mainly by phosphate and chemical industries , through a reduction in discharges of sulphur dioxide , fluorine compounds and phosphate derivatives .

In such circumstances , the necessary task of self publicity , can become a considerable additional burden .
in such circumstances , the necessary task of self publicity , can become a considerable [more] burden .

The report estimated that its recommendations would require additional funding of between £8 million and £10 million , excluding the cost of additional farm support .
the report estimated that its recommendations would require [more] funding of between £8 million and £10 million , excluding the cost of [more] farm support .

Additional payments are also being offered for landscape improvements , such as restoring traditional stone walls , creating reedbeds and pollarding willows .
[more] payments are also being offered for landscape improvements , such as restoring traditional stone walls , creating reedbeds and pollarding willows .

The study found that the notional replacement of all Cologne 's cars with electrically-driven ones would create an additional electricity demand of 7,000 — 9,000 megawatt/hours a day .
the study found that the notional replacement of all cologne 's cars with electrically-driven ones would create an [more] electricity demand of 7,000 — 9,000 megawatt/hours a day .

In the light of this planning for the introduction of the new Honour School of Computation in October 1994 is proceeding , with the provision of the first necessary additional posts and other resources .
in the light of this planning for the introduction of the new honour school of computation in october 1994 is proceeding , with the provision of the first necessary [more] posts and other resources .

To achieve this will require further investment of resources in academic staff and the infrastructure to support them , such as library provision , information technology , research support , and additional space , including the acquisition of further sites for development .
to achieve this will require further investment of resources in academic staff and the infrastructure to support them , such as library provision , information technology , research support , and [more] space , including the acquisition of further sites for development .

One major problem affecting growth is that residential accommodation in the City is expensive and in short supply , and the local planning authority expects the University and the colleges to provide accommodation for all additional students .
one major problem affecting growth is that residential accommodation in the city is expensive and in short supply , and the local planning authority expects the university and the colleges to provide accommodation for all [more] students .

The University has reviewed with faculty boards and other admitting bodies the number of additional graduate students which on academic grounds they would wish to take ( within the limits of their predicted resources ) over the next five to ten years .
the university has reviewed with faculty boards and other admitting bodies the number of [more] graduate students which on academic grounds they would wish to take ( within the limits of their predicted resources ) over the next five to ten years .

The University has committed additional resources to this area , and has increased the range of courses and professional development opportunities for all categories of staff .
the university has committed [more] resources to this area , and has increased the range of courses and professional development opportunities for all categories of staff .

It is clear from current projections that demand for additional space within the University for both Arts and Sciences will considerably exceed the capacity of the University 's present buildings and the available development sites on which the University might build .
it is clear from current projections that demand for [more] space within the university for both arts and sciences will considerably exceed the capacity of the university 's present buildings and the available development sites on which the university might build .

In the meantime modest additional sums have been set aside for research and other support for the subject areas concerned , and some funds are available for further increased infrastructure support once additional accommodation can be made available .
in the meantime modest [more] sums have been set aside for research and other support for the subject areas concerned , and some funds are available for further increased infrastructure support once [more] accommodation can be made available .

3.3 ) are dependent upon additional external funding being received .
3.3 ) are dependent upon [more] external funding being received .

This year the Library has used its first grant from the Barbara and James Craig Fund to provide additional books for graduate students , and to support two subjects in particular need : Law and Politics .
this year the library has used its first grant from the barbara and james craig fund to provide [more] books for graduate students , and to support two subjects in particular need : law and politics .

It was satisfying to see the Dorothy Hodgkin Quadrangle near completion and already partly occupied , giving much needed additional undergraduate accommodation .
it was satisfying to see the dorothy hodgkin quadrangle near completion and already partly occupied , giving much needed [more] undergraduate accommodation .

It will also provide additional conference facilities which have become so important to College income .
it will also provide [more] conference facilities which have become so important to college income .

We are also aware of the need to find additional income from industrial sponsors and , happily , facilities provided in this way are well used .
we are also aware of the need to find [more] income from industrial sponsors and , happily , facilities provided in this way are well used .

An additional requirement is that each industrial site would have to publish a yearly environmental statement which would be open to public scrutiny .
an [more] requirement is that each industrial site would have to publish a yearly environmental statement which would be open to public scrutiny .

This is a new post , which has been established primarily to provide relief to senior members of the General Administrative and Academic Divisions and to enable the divisions to cope with the additional demands placed upon them by ad hoc tasks , for example the creation of new working parties .
this is a new post , which has been established primarily to provide relief to senior members of the general administrative and academic divisions and to enable the divisions to cope with the [more] demands placed upon them by ad hoc tasks , for example the creation of new working parties .

Finally , one additional subject is chosen from the following list : Ethnology , Political History 1919–1945 , Plant Ecology , Sociology , and the Geomorphology of Britain .
finally , one [more] subject is chosen from the following list : ethnology , political history 1919–1945 , plant ecology , sociology , and the geomorphology of britain .

The professor will normally be allowed to retain his full stipend during any term of sabbatical leave provided that ( a ) he will spend a considerable part of his leave in advanced study or research ; ( b ) he will give up all teaching and administrative duties in Oxford other than examining and graduate supervision ; ( c ) if after taking account of any loss of normal sources of income and any gain of income from new sources ( less any additional expenses associated with new activities ) , he is in a better financial position than if he had not taken leave , he will forgo from his stipend such sum as will leave him in approximately the same financial state as if he had not taken leave .
the professor will normally be allowed to retain his full stipend during any term of sabbatical leave provided that ( a ) he will spend a considerable part of his leave in advanced study or research ; ( b ) he will give up all teaching and administrative duties in oxford other than examining and graduate supervision ; ( c ) if after taking account of any loss of normal sources of income and any gain of income from new sources ( less any [more] expenses associated with new activities ) , he is in a better financial position than if he had not taken leave , he will forgo from his stipend such sum as will leave him in approximately the same financial state as if he had not taken leave .

It has been traditional for the theoretical chemists to run series of seminars additional to those in Physical Chemistry , and it is expected that the Coulson Professor will wish to continue this .
it has been traditional for the theoretical chemists to run series of seminars [more] to those in physical chemistry , and it is expected that the coulson professor will wish to continue this .

Officially , 550 species have been formally identified as endangered but an additional 3,600 threatened species have not been listed despite evidence that they required protection .
officially , 550 species have been formally identified as endangered but an [more] 3,600 threatened species have not been listed despite evidence that they required protection .

The law guarantees that sufficient additional funds are available to act quickly in the event of a spill .
the law guarantees that sufficient [more] funds are available to act quickly in the event of a spill .

United Distillers employs around 10,000 people worldwide and , with its joint ventures , an additional 1,500 .
united distillers employs around 10,000 people worldwide and , with its joint ventures , an [more] 1,500 .

This will , however , require negotiation with the underwriters and additional underwriting fees .
this will , however , require negotiation with the underwriters and [more] underwriting fees .

The Notes to Rule 2.5 impose additional obligations : ( 1 ) The language used in announcements must be clear and unambiguous and the word `` agreement `` must be used with particular care .
the notes to rule 2.5 impose [more] obligations : ( 1 ) the language used in announcements must be clear and unambiguous and the word `` agreement `` must be used with particular care .

Where warranties are to be given the following additional clause may be contained in the agreement :
where warranties are to be given the following [more] clause may be contained in the agreement :

In the case of registered land the following additional words should be included at the end of clause 9.1 :
in the case of registered land the following [more] words should be included at the end of clause 9.1 :

17.1 This agreement embodies the entire understanding of the parties save as augmented by any side letter [ s ] [ or other agreement[s] ] exchanged contemporaneously with this agreement and signed by the parties hereto or by their duly authorised agents which side letter [ s ] [ or agreement[s] ] shall take effect either as a collateral agreement to this agreement or if it [ they ] shall be incorporated by express reference all the terms and conditions of such side letter [ s ] [ or other agreement [ s ] ] shall be treated as being a single composite agreement with this agreement and subject thereto there are no other arrangements between the parties relating to the subject matter of this agreement It may be advisable to include an arbitration provision , either to deal with any particular point in the agreement or to attempt to resolve disputes in general . If this is thought advisable , the following additional clause could be added :
17.1 this agreement embodies the entire understanding of the parties save as augmented by any side letter [ s ] [ or other agreement[s] ] exchanged contemporaneously with this agreement and signed by the parties hereto or by their duly authorised agents which side letter [ s ] [ or agreement[s] ] shall take effect either as a collateral agreement to this agreement or if it [ they ] shall be incorporated by express reference all the terms and conditions of such side letter [ s ] [ or other agreement [ s ] ] shall be treated as being a single composite agreement with this agreement and subject thereto there are no other arrangements between the parties relating to the subject matter of this agreement it may be advisable to include an arbitration provision , either to deal with any particular point in the agreement or to attempt to resolve disputes in general . if this is thought advisable , the following [more] clause could be added :

2.4 " Common Parts " means any malls and other pedestrian ways concourses and circulation areas staircases escalators ramps and lifts service roads loading bays forecourts and other ways and areas in the Centre which are from time to time during the Term provided by the Landlord for common use by customers frequenting the Centre and by the Tenants and the occupiers of the Centre or persons expressly or by implication authorised by them Although it is highly unlikely that the landlord would so amend or alter the common parts to make it impossible for the tenant to carry on its business , the following additional wording may be considered :
2.4 " common parts " means any malls and other pedestrian ways concourses and circulation areas staircases escalators ramps and lifts service roads loading bays forecourts and other ways and areas in the centre which are from time to time during the term provided by the landlord for common use by customers frequenting the centre and by the tenants and the occupiers of the centre or persons expressly or by implication authorised by them although it is highly unlikely that the landlord would so amend or alter the common parts to make it impossible for the tenant to carry on its business , the following [more] wording may be considered :

3.5 The expression " the Centre " where the context so admits includes any additional and adjoining land and buildings in which during the Term the Landlord or a Group Company shall have acquired the freehold or leasehold interest and which shall have been so constructed or acquired to form [ an integral ] part of the Centre
3.5 the expression " the centre " where the context so admits includes any [more] and adjoining land and buildings in which during the term the landlord or a group company shall have acquired the freehold or leasehold interest and which shall have been so constructed or acquired to form [ an integral ] part of the centre

It may also be advisable to insert the following additional clause :
it may also be advisable to insert the following [more] clause :

The following additional landlord 's covenants should also be considered :
the following [more] landlord 's covenants should also be considered :

The tenant should also consider amending 7.5.2 to extend the suspension by an additional three months to enable the tenant to fit out the premises and there is no harm in including a provision that a due proportion of rents paid in advance should be refunded to the tenant .
the tenant should also consider amending 7.5.2 to extend the suspension by an [more] three months to enable the tenant to fit out the premises and there is no harm in including a provision that a due proportion of rents paid in advance should be refunded to the tenant .

7.7.2 not to do or omit anything that could cause any policy of insurance on or in relation to the Premises to become void or voidable wholly or in part nor ( unless the Tenant shall have previously notified the Landlord and have agreed to pay the increased premium ) anything by which additional insurance premiums may become payable This does not seem unreasonable .
7.7.2 not to do or omit anything that could cause any policy of insurance on or in relation to the premises to become void or voidable wholly or in part nor ( unless the tenant shall have previously notified the landlord and have agreed to pay the increased premium ) anything by which [more] insurance premiums may become payable this does not seem unreasonable .

7.7.9.2 To pay to the Landlord on demand with Interest ( where the Landlord has rebuilt and reinstated the Premises out of its own money ) the amount of such insurance money so irrecoverable in which event the provisions of clauses 7.5 and 7.6 shall apply and clause 7.7.9 should contain the following amendment : … anyone at the Premises expressly or by implication with the Tenant 's authority while under the Tenant 's control and in the employment of the Tenant wholly or partially irrecoverable … 7.8 Increase or decrease of the Centre If at any time during the Term the Centre shall be increased or decreased on a permanent basis the Insurance Rent Percentage shall be varied with effect from the first premium or additional premium payable in respect of a period after such a change by agreement between the parties or in default of agreement within [ 3 ] months of the first proposal for variation made by the Landlord in such a manner as shall be determined to be fair and reasonable in the light of the event in question by the Surveyor acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator This requires no comment . [ 7.9 Landlord 's insurance covenants The Landlord covenants with the Tenant in relation to the policy of insurance effected by the Landlord pursuant to [ its ] obligations contained in this Lease :
7.7.9.2 to pay to the landlord on demand with interest ( where the landlord has rebuilt and reinstated the premises out of its own money ) the amount of such insurance money so irrecoverable in which event the provisions of clauses 7.5 and 7.6 shall apply and clause 7.7.9 should contain the following amendment : … anyone at the premises expressly or by implication with the tenant 's authority while under the tenant 's control and in the employment of the tenant wholly or partially irrecoverable … 7.8 increase or decrease of the centre if at any time during the term the centre shall be increased or decreased on a permanent basis the insurance rent percentage shall be varied with effect from the first premium or [more] premium payable in respect of a period after such a change by agreement between the parties or in default of agreement within [ 3 ] months of the first proposal for variation made by the landlord in such a manner as shall be determined to be fair and reasonable in the light of the event in question by the surveyor acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator this requires no comment . [ 7.9 landlord 's insurance covenants the landlord covenants with the tenant in relation to the policy of insurance effected by the landlord pursuant to [ its ] obligations contained in this lease :

Without a specific perpetuity period of at least the length of the term ( if the term exceeds 21 years ) plus a few additional years to cover holding over under the 1954 Act , there would be no right to use pipes placed under the premises during the 23rd year of the term .
without a specific perpetuity period of at least the length of the term ( if the term exceeds 21 years ) plus a few [more] years to cover holding over under the 1954 act , there would be no right to use pipes placed under the premises during the 23rd year of the term .

9.20 Limitation on liability Before leaving the provisos it may be worthwhile to include the following additional proviso : On an assignment of this Lease in pursuance of the Landlord 's licence authorising the assignment the Landlord shall forthwith at the assignor 's cost release the assignor from its future liability under this Lease in such form as the Landlord shall reasonably require Although this is unlikely to find favour with the landlord , it should perhaps be considered having regard to a recession and the outcry from tenants who , having assigned their leases , are being called upon to pay accumulating back rents as a result of the insolvency of the current tenant .
9.20 limitation on liability before leaving the provisos it may be worthwhile to include the following [more] proviso : on an assignment of this lease in pursuance of the landlord 's licence authorising the assignment the landlord shall forthwith at the assignor 's cost release the assignor from its future liability under this lease in such form as the landlord shall reasonably require although this is unlikely to find favour with the landlord , it should perhaps be considered having regard to a recession and the outcry from tenants who , having assigned their leases , are being called upon to pay accumulating back rents as a result of the insolvency of the current tenant .

It is permissible to raise additional enquiries , and indeed , the buyer 's conveyancer has a professional duty to do so if there appear to be material omissions .
it is permissible to raise [more] enquiries , and indeed , the buyer 's conveyancer has a professional duty to do so if there appear to be material omissions .

However , the Protocol system does not encourage additional enquiries on detailed and pernickety points .
however , the protocol system does not encourage [more] enquiries on detailed and pernickety points .

Previously , an additional requirement of having land registered potentially caused problems where there was immediate or quick resale .
previously , an [more] requirement of having land registered potentially caused problems where there was immediate or quick resale .

The details on how the transaction should proceed are set out in the text , and these deal with the situation from the moment new instructions are given : the ticking of the relevant boxes on the " fixtures , fittings and contents " form and " property information " form ; dealing with any additional enquiries ; signing the contract in readiness for exchange of contracts ; proceeding to sign the transfer in order to conclude the transaction , and redeeming any outstanding mortgage .
the details on how the transaction should proceed are set out in the text , and these deal with the situation from the moment new instructions are given : the ticking of the relevant boxes on the " fixtures , fittings and contents " form and " property information " form ; dealing with any [more] enquiries ; signing the contract in readiness for exchange of contracts ; proceeding to sign the transfer in order to conclude the transaction , and redeeming any outstanding mortgage .

Sometimes , there will be additional monies agreed in respect of fixtures and fittings , or even in respect of items of household and garden furniture .
sometimes , there will be [more] monies agreed in respect of fixtures and fittings , or even in respect of items of household and garden furniture .

In the event of dealing with leasehold property , the seller should be asked to complete an `` additional property information `` form , which does in fact contain a series of questions peculiar to leasehold premises such as management accounts , service charges , etc , and you should ask the seller both for evidence that the rent has been paid up to date and for evidence of current insurance cover .
in the event of dealing with leasehold property , the seller should be asked to complete an `` [more] property information `` form , which does in fact contain a series of questions peculiar to leasehold premises such as management accounts , service charges , etc , and you should ask the seller both for evidence that the rent has been paid up to date and for evidence of current insurance cover .

The additional property information form is appropriate for leasehold property .
the [more] property information form is appropriate for leasehold property .

The raising of additional enquiries is not encouraged , but may be necessary in order to fulfil the conveyancer 's professional duty to his or her buyer client .
the raising of [more] enquiries is not encouraged , but may be necessary in order to fulfil the conveyancer 's professional duty to his or her buyer client .

The standard condition ( Condition 4 ) deals with time limits for the raising of requisitions and it is now becoming increasingly common practice to mix in requisitions with any additional enquiries under the vague heading of `` Observations `` .
the standard condition ( condition 4 ) deals with time limits for the raising of requisitions and it is now becoming increasingly common practice to mix in requisitions with any [more] enquiries under the vague heading of `` observations `` .

Upon receipt of preliminary enquiries and any additional enquiries , the seller 's conveyancers should answer those that they can from the deeds and documents of title and the balance from information given to them by their client .
upon receipt of preliminary enquiries and any [more] enquiries , the seller 's conveyancers should answer those that they can from the deeds and documents of title and the balance from information given to them by their client .

The following are examples of additional special conditions : Whether the sale is with vacant possession on completion , or subject to an existing tenancy .
the following are examples of [more] special conditions : whether the sale is with vacant possession on completion , or subject to an existing tenancy .

As mentioned above , the additional property information form deals with the more complex questions that often relate to leasehold property .
as mentioned above , the [more] property information form deals with the more complex questions that often relate to leasehold property .

However , the practice of raising pages and pages of additional enquiries is now strongly discouraged , and the enquiries necessary are simply those to fulfil one 's professional obligations to one 's client .
however , the practice of raising pages and pages of [more] enquiries is now strongly discouraged , and the enquiries necessary are simply those to fulfil one 's professional obligations to one 's client .

8 . Preliminary enquiries and additional enquiries
8 . preliminary enquiries and [more] enquiries

When you act for a buyer , always go through the answers you receive to your preliminary enquiries , search and additional enquiries made of the local authority , marking each of these with a tick if it is satisfactory , or with a cross if it is not , or if it requires further elucidation .
when you act for a buyer , always go through the answers you receive to your preliminary enquiries , search and [more] enquiries made of the local authority , marking each of these with a tick if it is satisfactory , or with a cross if it is not , or if it requires further elucidation .

So , when acting in such a case , add to your additional enquiries made of the local authority , or better in a letter , some such enquiry as this : Is the Authority aware of any infilling or any geological stratum which might result in the instability of the foundations of any building erected on the site for which planning consent has been granted ?
so , when acting in such a case , add to your [more] enquiries made of the local authority , or better in a letter , some such enquiry as this : is the authority aware of any infilling or any geological stratum which might result in the instability of the foundations of any building erected on the site for which planning consent has been granted ?

( a ) Examples of additional enquiries ( 1 ) Is the seller aware of any development or proposals for the development or use of property in the neighbourhood which might adversely affect the property or the amenities of persons living in it ?
( a ) examples of [more] enquiries ( 1 ) is the seller aware of any development or proposals for the development or use of property in the neighbourhood which might adversely affect the property or the amenities of persons living in it ?

This has been referred to previously in the text , but there are two additional points to note .
this has been referred to previously in the text , but there are two [more] points to note .

Question 1 of the additional questions will reveal whether or not the road has been adopted and all charges paid .
question 1 of the [more] questions will reveal whether or not the road has been adopted and all charges paid .

Note : there is a short form of additional enquiries , which refers to the detailed questions by numbers , but its use is not to be recommended — it 's better to have the full questions and answers on one form .
note : there is a short form of [more] enquiries , which refers to the detailed questions by numbers , but its use is not to be recommended — it 's better to have the full questions and answers on one form .

Additional details of other entries that may be found in the certificate ( eg notices ) are set out later in this chapter .
[more] details of other entries that may be found in the certificate ( eg notices ) are set out later in this chapter .

If in a compulsory area the title is still unregistered , deducing and investigation of the unregistered title proceeds in the normal way with only one additional requirement imposed by the system : an additional search , which you ought to make when buying property with an unregistered title , namely , against the `` index map and parcels index `` .
if in a compulsory area the title is still unregistered , deducing and investigation of the unregistered title proceeds in the normal way with only one [more] requirement imposed by the system : an [more] search , which you ought to make when buying property with an unregistered title , namely , against the `` index map and parcels index `` .

As soon as you 've concluded your investigation of title , and whilst , with the help of your notes on title , it 's still fresh in your mind , prepare your requisitions on title ( with , of course , an additional print or carbon copy for the use of the seller 's conveyancer ) .
as soon as you 've concluded your investigation of title , and whilst , with the help of your notes on title , it 's still fresh in your mind , prepare your requisitions on title ( with , of course , an [more] print or carbon copy for the use of the seller 's conveyancer ) .

There are just two additional points that should be made .
there are just two [more] points that should be made .

You will not know the precise balance until you have prepared a completion statement , and you can not prepare a completion statement until you have worked out your own firm 's costs and disbursements ; and indeed until you have taken into account the costs and additional fees or charges that may be relevant to the particular transaction .
you will not know the precise balance until you have prepared a completion statement , and you can not prepare a completion statement until you have worked out your own firm 's costs and disbursements ; and indeed until you have taken into account the costs and [more] fees or charges that may be relevant to the particular transaction .

There may be additional documents as mentioned above .
there may be [more] documents as mentioned above .

It could be argued that the requirement of regularity is unduly restrictive and reflects the rationale of the Trade Descriptions Act 1968 , namely , the additional duties imposed on suppliers should only fall on those who can , because of the regularity of their dealings , be expected to have some competence in relation to the goods supplied .
it could be argued that the requirement of regularity is unduly restrictive and reflects the rationale of the trade descriptions act 1968 , namely , the [more] duties imposed on suppliers should only fall on those who can , because of the regularity of their dealings , be expected to have some competence in relation to the goods supplied .

In addition to the standard required contents of periodic statements , statements relating to portfolios including futures and other derivatives must include additional matters including : ( 1 ) Each payment received or made by the firm in respect of the account during the relevant month .
in addition to the standard required contents of periodic statements , statements relating to portfolios including futures and other derivatives must include [more] matters including : ( 1 ) each payment received or made by the firm in respect of the account during the relevant month .

Additional disclosure would also be necessary if , as explained in relation to exclusion clauses , the relationship between customer and agent evolved over time imparting higher levels of fiduciary duties .
[more] disclosure would also be necessary if , as explained in relation to exclusion clauses , the relationship between customer and agent evolved over time imparting higher levels of fiduciary duties .

( b ) Adolescents in need There is a separate and additional duty for every local authority `` to provide accommodation for any child in need within their area who has reached the age of 16 and whose welfare the authority consider is likely to be seriously prejudiced if they do not provide him with accommodation `` ( s20 ( 3 ) ) .
( b ) adolescents in need there is a separate and [more] duty for every local authority `` to provide accommodation for any child in need within their area who has reached the age of 16 and whose welfare the authority consider is likely to be seriously prejudiced if they do not provide him with accommodation `` ( s20 ( 3 ) ) .

This is additional to the report the guardian ad litem is obliged to prepare although it would be unusual to request a report from a court welfare officer where a guardian is already involved .
this is [more] to the report the guardian ad litem is obliged to prepare although it would be unusual to request a report from a court welfare officer where a guardian is already involved .

Thus , if a trustee of a family trust or a nominee or bare trustee or even an agent receives rent there can be a liability to income tax on him ( normally just at the basic rate but sometimes at the additional rate ) .
thus , if a trustee of a family trust or a nominee or bare trustee or even an agent receives rent there can be a liability to income tax on him ( normally just at the basic rate but sometimes at the [more] rate ) .

The additional rate of tax is 10 per cent of £75 , ie £7.50 .
the [more] rate of tax is 10 per cent of £75 , ie £7.50 .

If that sum is paid to the beneficiary he will be entitled to a tax credit of £32.50 , ie the £25 credit which must be paid to him plus the £7.50 additional rate .
if that sum is paid to the beneficiary he will be entitled to a tax credit of £32.50 , ie the £25 credit which must be paid to him plus the £7.50 [more] rate .

Similar principles are relevant where the issue goes beyond the express rules to imply additional terms , based on public policy , or the presumed intention of the parties .
similar principles are relevant where the issue goes beyond the express rules to imply [more] terms , based on public policy , or the presumed intention of the parties .

Leverage will come in the form of additional assistants and legal executives ( with consequent training and partnership expectations that must be dealt with ) , and through better use of technology .
leverage will come in the form of [more] assistants and legal executives ( with consequent training and partnership expectations that must be dealt with ) , and through better use of technology .

If you are fortunate enough to be in one of the large metropolitan areas training will be available without the additional burden of travel .
if you are fortunate enough to be in one of the large metropolitan areas training will be available without the [more] burden of travel .

Additional knowledge
[more] knowledge

An additional requirement for the franchising specification is that the firm should keep a running record of the costs incurred for each Legal Aid case because the Board is increasingly putting costs conditions on certificates .
an [more] requirement for the franchising specification is that the firm should keep a running record of the costs incurred for each legal aid case because the board is increasingly putting costs conditions on certificates .

As an additional safeguard , you may refer your concerns to the Solicitors ' Complaints Bureau , whose details can be obtained from us .
as an [more] safeguard , you may refer your concerns to the solicitors ' complaints bureau , whose details can be obtained from us .

The additional expenses of investigating your claim are known as disbursements .
the [more] expenses of investigating your claim are known as disbursements .

This decision was plainly absurd : all confidentiality in the information had evaporated with overseas publication , and no additional damage to the national interest could possibly have been done by re-publication of the contents of the book in the British press .
this decision was plainly absurd : all confidentiality in the information had evaporated with overseas publication , and no [more] damage to the national interest could possibly have been done by re-publication of the contents of the book in the british press .

Two of these compounds , dichlorvos and ivermectin , have the additional advantage of activity against larvae of horse bot flies ( Gasterophilus spp . )
two of these compounds , dichlorvos and ivermectin , have the [more] advantage of activity against larvae of horse bot flies ( gasterophilus spp . )

Whilst these notes repeat much of the material covered in the `` Statements and Functions `` section , additional information has been added and they are presented in a more readable order .
whilst these notes repeat much of the material covered in the `` statements and functions `` section , [more] information has been added and they are presented in a more readable order .

Some word processing packages have additional programs which can be used to check spelling errors or produce indexes .
some word processing packages have [more] programs which can be used to check spelling errors or produce indexes .

Used as an additional resource , a different dimension which adds to an otherwise laborious process , programs can be very effective .
used as an [more] resource , a different dimension which adds to an otherwise laborious process , programs can be very effective .

In terms of resources , the school librarian and teacher need to consider whether the software needs any additional resources before it can be used effectively . Will there be a need for workcards , data recording sheets , data disks , maps , atlases , pixel pads or coloured pens to accompany the software ?
in terms of resources , the school librarian and teacher need to consider whether the software needs any [more] resources before it can be used effectively . will there be a need for workcards , data recording sheets , data disks , maps , atlases , pixel pads or coloured pens to accompany the software ?

The second mortgagee should also be a party to receive the additional covenant of the wife .
the second mortgagee should also be a party to receive the [more] covenant of the wife .

( a ) Unregistered land Recitals to a conveyance can be very useful , not only to describe briefly the reason for the deed but also to recite additional information which , owing to the provisions of s45 ( 6 ) of the Law of Property Act 1925 ( the section providing that a recital 20 years ' old shall be sufficient evidence of the truth of the fact recited unless proved to the contrary ) , might not be readily available later ( for instance , because a copy marriage certificate is mislaid or was not abstracted ) .
( a ) unregistered land recitals to a conveyance can be very useful , not only to describe briefly the reason for the deed but also to recite [more] information which , owing to the provisions of s45 ( 6 ) of the law of property act 1925 ( the section providing that a recital 20 years ' old shall be sufficient evidence of the truth of the fact recited unless proved to the contrary ) , might not be readily available later ( for instance , because a copy marriage certificate is mislaid or was not abstracted ) .

This additional restriction relates to any disposition and not just to those where capital monies arise .
this [more] restriction relates to any disposition and not just to those where capital monies arise .

Within two years Bob had acquired three additional Stringbags to help in his restoration project .
within two years bob had acquired three [more] stringbags to help in his restoration project .

To estimate the additional employment generated , a two stage calculation is made .
to estimate the [more] employment generated , a two stage calculation is made .

m. , and a further £53 for each additional 75 sq .
m. , and a further £53 for each [more] 75 sq .

This concluded that ‘ not only is there sufficient land for building another 250,000 dwellings [ in the study area ] over the next five years , but already capacity has been identified for building an additional 117,000 dwellings after five years ’ .
this concluded that ‘ not only is there sufficient land for building another 250,000 dwellings [ in the study area ] over the next five years , but already capacity has been identified for building an [more] 117,000 dwellings after five years ’ .

Here the question is not merely one of sensitivity but also of the enormous additional cost of preserving amenities by placing cables underground .
here the question is not merely one of sensitivity but also of the enormous [more] cost of preserving amenities by placing cables underground .

Biological factors could also easily be incorporated as additional vulnerability factors ( see Akiskal , 1979 ) .
biological factors could also easily be incorporated as [more] vulnerability factors ( see akiskal , 1979 ) .

Hence some kind of additional support , information or psychological preparation for further failure might be instituted , and this might be valuable in preventive terms .
hence some kind of [more] support , information or psychological preparation for further failure might be instituted , and this might be valuable in preventive terms .

Additional knowledge is required to specify more closely the smaller proportion of troubled people who would be most susceptible to developing psychiatric disorder in the context of particular events .
[more] knowledge is required to specify more closely the smaller proportion of troubled people who would be most susceptible to developing psychiatric disorder in the context of particular events .

In contrast , however , the treatment of laminar flow can be continued to indicate the detailed form of the velocity profile ( eqn ( 11.54 ) ) , whereas nothing more can be derived about the turbulent flow without additional assumptions or experimental observations .
in contrast , however , the treatment of laminar flow can be continued to indicate the detailed form of the velocity profile ( eqn ( 11.54 ) ) , whereas nothing more can be derived about the turbulent flow without [more] assumptions or experimental observations .

Turbulent flows have much higher entrainment rates than the corresponding laminar flows , a fact that may be related to the additional dissipation by the velocity fluctuations .
turbulent flows have much higher entrainment rates than the corresponding laminar flows , a fact that may be related to the [more] dissipation by the velocity fluctuations .

We shall see in Section 21.5 that additional ideas are needed for flows adjacent to walls .
we shall see in section 21.5 that [more] ideas are needed for flows adjacent to walls .

If the density increases upwards , then buoyancy forces provide an additional source of energy for the turbulence .
if the density increases upwards , then buoyancy forces provide an [more] source of energy for the turbulence .

If the density decreases upwards , then the turbulence must do work against buoyancy forces , which therefore produce a loss of turbulent energy additional to viscous dissipation ; turbulence can not persist when the density gradient is too large .
if the density decreases upwards , then the turbulence must do work against buoyancy forces , which therefore produce a loss of turbulent energy [more] to viscous dissipation ; turbulence can not persist when the density gradient is too large .

Finally , the experiment with the additional capacitance has been mentioned to illustrate that the route can be changed by a small modification of the system .
finally , the experiment with the [more] capacitance has been mentioned to illustrate that the route can be changed by a small modification of the system .

They have the additional advantage of giving the information in electrical form , which can be processed electronically to give quantities such as intensities , correlations , and spectra .
they have the [more] advantage of giving the information in electrical form , which can be processed electronically to give quantities such as intensities , correlations , and spectra .

Banks may wish to make additional loans , but customers may not want to borrow .
banks may wish to make [more] loans , but customers may not want to borrow .

Thus , just because banks have acquired additional liquid assets , it does not automatically follow that they will create credit on the basis of it .
thus , just because banks have acquired [more] liquid assets , it does not automatically follow that they will create credit on the basis of it .

For example , if there is an upsurge in consumer demand for credit , banks may be very keen to grant additional loans and thus make more profits , even though they have acquired no additional liquid assets .
for example , if there is an upsurge in consumer demand for credit , banks may be very keen to grant [more] loans and thus make more profits , even though they have acquired no [more] liquid assets .

Assume ( a ) that banks hold just three types of asset : cash , bills and advances ; ( b ) that they operate a 10 per cent liquidity ratio ; and ( c ) that they acquire additional cash deposits of £1 million .
assume ( a ) that banks hold just three types of asset : cash , bills and advances ; ( b ) that they operate a 10 per cent liquidity ratio ; and ( c ) that they acquire [more] cash deposits of £1 million .

As these loans are spent and find their way back to the banks as additional deposits , so the money supply expands .
as these loans are spent and find their way back to the banks as [more] deposits , so the money supply expands .

To the extent that these are regarded as liquid assets , they can be used as the liquidity base for additional loans to customers .
to the extent that these are regarded as liquid assets , they can be used as the liquidity base for [more] loans to customers .

Thus individuals often hold some additional money as a precaution .
thus individuals often hold some [more] money as a precaution .

Expansion of the money supply in these circumstances may lead to no additional expenditure , only additional idle balances .
expansion of the money supply in these circumstances may lead to no [more] expenditure , only [more] idle balances .

Additional effects of expectations
[more] effects of expectations

There were , however , three outstanding concerns which emerged from the additional comments to the question .
there were , however , three outstanding concerns which emerged from the [more] comments to the question .

From the point of view of the tourist the arrangement had an additional delight .
from the point of view of the tourist the arrangement had an [more] delight .

And there was the additional point that on their return they had appeared cheerful , as if from a windfall .
and there was the [more] point that on their return they had appeared cheerful , as if from a windfall .

Metallic paint gets an additional 3kg of clear paint as well .
metallic paint gets an [more] 3kg of clear paint as well .

It is argued that greater care in extraction would lead to a higher price of the timber but , in hill-forest in Sarawak planned systems using directional felling are said to reduce logging damage by half without incurring additional costs .
it is argued that greater care in extraction would lead to a higher price of the timber but , in hill-forest in sarawak planned systems using directional felling are said to reduce logging damage by half without incurring [more] costs .

Rousseau 's influential articles , however , had the additional purpose of discrediting the style of music associated with that place .
rousseau 's influential articles , however , had the [more] purpose of discrediting the style of music associated with that place .

( There is one additional vocal air in the ballet , a patter song in Italian that Lully composed for himself in his role as the village schoolmaster .
( there is one [more] vocal air in the ballet , a patter song in italian that lully composed for himself in his role as the village schoolmaster .

‘ It could be used as an additional bedroom , or a television den — ’
‘ it could be used as an [more] bedroom , or a television den — ’

Above the water table capillary suction provides an additional control .
above the water table capillary suction provides an [more] control .

The dissolution of carbon dioxide in precipitation provides an additional source of bicarbonate ions .
the dissolution of carbon dioxide in precipitation provides an [more] source of bicarbonate ions .

Guaranteeing access to additional resources without decreasing the provision of traditional materials is crucial ( Brindley 1993 : 176 ) .
guaranteeing access to [more] resources without decreasing the provision of traditional materials is crucial ( brindley 1993 : 176 ) .

For instance , the users and data might be at different sites , support in their use and access could be provided from a additional site , and the extracted data processed at a further one .
for instance , the users and data might be at different sites , support in their use and access could be provided from a [more] site , and the extracted data processed at a further one .

In most cases , additional more specialized tagsets are provided for those wishing to encode aspects of these features in more detail ( see further section 9.4. below ) , but the elements defined in this core are believed to be adequate for most applications most of the time .
in most cases , [more] more specialized tagsets are provided for those wishing to encode aspects of these features in more detail ( see further section 9.4. below ) , but the elements defined in this core are believed to be adequate for most applications most of the time .

An additional potential issue with regard to the weight ( and sometimes even ‘ admissibility ’ ) given to computer evidence is the best evidence rule .
an [more] potential issue with regard to the weight ( and sometimes even ‘ admissibility ’ ) given to computer evidence is the best evidence rule .

under the data collection provisions , Article 11 , the data user has additional obligations with regard to the information that the data subject must be informed of , such as potential third party recipients of such data ;
under the data collection provisions , article 11 , the data user has [more] obligations with regard to the information that the data subject must be informed of , such as potential third party recipients of such data ;

Two additional criteria need to be satisfied before we can definitely conclude that expectations are being formed rationally .
two [more] criteria need to be satisfied before we can definitely conclude that expectations are being formed rationally .

Remaining with our inflation-unemployment example where , we need to impose an additional restriction on the behaviour of the prediction error .
remaining with our inflation-unemployment example where , we need to impose an [more] restriction on the behaviour of the prediction error .

Unfortunately the island parable raises at least as many additional questions as it answers .
unfortunately the island parable raises at least as many [more] questions as it answers .

Unfortunately , even when this fairly uncontroversial observation is accepted , the debate occasionally assumes an additional layer of confusion when the underlying structure of the Keynesian model is called into question on account of the supposedly irrational behaviour of the suppliers of labour in that model .
unfortunately , even when this fairly uncontroversial observation is accepted , the debate occasionally assumes an [more] layer of confusion when the underlying structure of the keynesian model is called into question on account of the supposedly irrational behaviour of the suppliers of labour in that model .

Thus in calculating the date to be given for a hearing ( Ord 7 , r 10 ( 5 ) ) , an additional seven days must always be allowed where postal service is effected .
thus in calculating the date to be given for a hearing ( ord 7 , r 10 ( 5 ) ) , an [more] seven days must always be allowed where postal service is effected .

If an order for costs or additional costs is required to be made , the time for applying is when an application is made for payment out of court .
if an order for costs or [more] costs is required to be made , the time for applying is when an application is made for payment out of court .

Appeals from orders of district judge made on applications are made to the judge on notice to be filed and served within five days after the order is made unless additional time is allowed by the circuit judge .
appeals from orders of district judge made on applications are made to the judge on notice to be filed and served within five days after the order is made unless [more] time is allowed by the circuit judge .

There is an additional power rarely , if at all , used to refer an action to be heard by the judge as arbitrator , with the judge 's consent ( Ord 19 , r 2 ( 3 ) , ( 5 ) ( c ) ) .
there is an [more] power rarely , if at all , used to refer an action to be heard by the judge as arbitrator , with the judge 's consent ( ord 19 , r 2 ( 3 ) , ( 5 ) ( c ) ) .

Additional matters may be included in the reference later , on application to the court ( Ord 19 , r 3 ) .
[more] matters may be included in the reference later , on application to the court ( ord 19 , r 3 ) .

Any additional schooling costs would be included in the claim and , of course , the loss of the normal services provided by a wife : cooking , mending and any other tasks that she might perform around the home ( eg decorating ) .
any [more] schooling costs would be included in the claim and , of course , the loss of the normal services provided by a wife : cooking , mending and any other tasks that she might perform around the home ( eg decorating ) .

Lord Reid also referred to the additional factor , the incidence of taxation .
lord reid also referred to the [more] factor , the incidence of taxation .

Examples of such additional directions are for amendment of pleadings , further and better particulars , discovery by a defendant excused from this step under Ord 25 , r8 , more medical or other experts than Ord 25 , r8 allows , trial out of London or not at the trial centre for the District Registry in which the action is proceeding .
examples of such [more] directions are for amendment of pleadings , further and better particulars , discovery by a defendant excused from this step under ord 25 , r8 , more medical or other experts than ord 25 , r8 allows , trial out of london or not at the trial centre for the district registry in which the action is proceeding .

It is hard to see why reasonable notice should be an additional requirement where the document concerned is one which a reasonable man would regard as a legal document , to be read carefully for its terms and conditions .
it is hard to see why reasonable notice should be an [more] requirement where the document concerned is one which a reasonable man would regard as a legal document , to be read carefully for its terms and conditions .

Where the seller is successful in adding his additional clause , the guarantee obviously acts as an exclusion of liability .
where the seller is successful in adding his [more] clause , the guarantee obviously acts as an exclusion of liability .

Further , the clause gives additional flexibility by permitting the cancellation of the order in whole or part .
further , the clause gives [more] flexibility by permitting the cancellation of the order in whole or part .

Also , it should not be forgotten that in order for the buyer to be able to claim any additional damage at all , he must first prove that there has indeed been a breach of the warranties of title or quiet possession .
also , it should not be forgotten that in order for the buyer to be able to claim any [more] damage at all , he must first prove that there has indeed been a breach of the warranties of title or quiet possession .

1.3 These Conditions shall override any contrary different or additional terms or conditions ( if any ) contained on or referred to in an order form or other documents or correspondence from the Purchaser , and no addition alteration or substitution of these terms will bind the Seller or form part of any Order unless they are expressly accepted in writing by a person authorised to sign on the Seller 's behalf .
1.3 these conditions shall override any contrary different or [more] terms or conditions ( if any ) contained on or referred to in an order form or other documents or correspondence from the purchaser , and no addition alteration or substitution of these terms will bind the seller or form part of any order unless they are expressly accepted in writing by a person authorised to sign on the seller 's behalf .

4.1 Unless otherwise stated in the Order , the price quoted includes delivery to the address specified in the Order , provided that the Seller reserves the right to make an additional charge to cover any increase in transport costs occurring before the date of delivery .
4.1 unless otherwise stated in the order , the price quoted includes delivery to the address specified in the order , provided that the seller reserves the right to make an [more] charge to cover any increase in transport costs occurring before the date of delivery .

Section 9 of the Administration of Justice Act 1985 comes into effect on 1 January 1992 ; so incorporation of a solicitor 's practice will become an additional option .
section 9 of the administration of justice act 1985 comes into effect on 1 january 1992 ; so incorporation of a solicitor 's practice will become an [more] option .

By s12 of the Solicitors Act , the Law Society is given discretion to grant or refuse an application for a practising certificate in the following cases : ( 1 ) a first application ; ( 2 ) an application by a solicitor who has never held an unconditional certificate since admission ; ( 3 ) where 12 months or more will have elapsed since a practising certificate was last held ; ( 4 ) after the disciplinary tribunal has ordered a penalty or costs against the applicant or delivered a reprimand ; ( 5 ) after failure by the applicant to offer sufficient explanation for his or her professional conduct after being called upon so to do ; ( 6 ) after failure to deliver an accountant 's report in due time ( and an additional fee will be payable if the discretion is not invoked to refuse the application ) ; ( 7 ) after the expiry of a period of suspension ; ( 8 ) after the name of the applicant who has been struck off is restored to the roll ; ( 9 ) while the applicant is an undischarged bankrupt ; ( 10 ) after the applicant 's discharge from bankruptcy or after the applicant has entered into a composition or deed of arrangement for the benefit of his creditors ; ( 11 ) while the applicant is a patient as defined by s94 of the Mental Health Act 1983 or a person as to whom powers have been exercised under s104 of the Mental Health Act 1959 or s98 of the 1983 Act ; ( 12 ) where the applicant has received a sentence of imprisonment ; ( 13 ) where the applicant has failed to satisfy a money judgment against him or her which is not a judgment limited to costs and which is not a judgment in respect of which indemnity or relief from some other person is available .
by s12 of the solicitors act , the law society is given discretion to grant or refuse an application for a practising certificate in the following cases : ( 1 ) a first application ; ( 2 ) an application by a solicitor who has never held an unconditional certificate since admission ; ( 3 ) where 12 months or more will have elapsed since a practising certificate was last held ; ( 4 ) after the disciplinary tribunal has ordered a penalty or costs against the applicant or delivered a reprimand ; ( 5 ) after failure by the applicant to offer sufficient explanation for his or her professional conduct after being called upon so to do ; ( 6 ) after failure to deliver an accountant 's report in due time ( and an [more] fee will be payable if the discretion is not invoked to refuse the application ) ; ( 7 ) after the expiry of a period of suspension ; ( 8 ) after the name of the applicant who has been struck off is restored to the roll ; ( 9 ) while the applicant is an undischarged bankrupt ; ( 10 ) after the applicant 's discharge from bankruptcy or after the applicant has entered into a composition or deed of arrangement for the benefit of his creditors ; ( 11 ) while the applicant is a patient as defined by s94 of the mental health act 1983 or a person as to whom powers have been exercised under s104 of the mental health act 1959 or s98 of the 1983 act ; ( 12 ) where the applicant has received a sentence of imprisonment ; ( 13 ) where the applicant has failed to satisfy a money judgment against him or her which is not a judgment limited to costs and which is not a judgment in respect of which indemnity or relief from some other person is available .

Many firms , however , will find the basic level of cover inadequate for the protection of themselves and their clients and will wish to take out additional policies in the insurance market .
many firms , however , will find the basic level of cover inadequate for the protection of themselves and their clients and will wish to take out [more] policies in the insurance market .

The Council of the Law Society has power to grant waivers in appropriate cases , eg where additional accommodation is not so much a separate office as an annexe to the main place of business , and will as a matter of practice take soundings from the local law society before reaching its decision .
the council of the law society has power to grant waivers in appropriate cases , eg where [more] accommodation is not so much a separate office as an annexe to the main place of business , and will as a matter of practice take soundings from the local law society before reaching its decision .

It should always be possible for the salaried partner to rely on the nature of his subordinate position to claim to be entitled ( at any rate by necessary implication ) to an indemnity from the full partners in respect of any additional liabilities to which his being held out has exposed him : but as a matter of good practice , every would-be salaried partner should insist on written terms which clarify his standing in the firm and effectually indemnify him against extraordinary expenses and liabilities .
it should always be possible for the salaried partner to rely on the nature of his subordinate position to claim to be entitled ( at any rate by necessary implication ) to an indemnity from the full partners in respect of any [more] liabilities to which his being held out has exposed him : but as a matter of good practice , every would-be salaried partner should insist on written terms which clarify his standing in the firm and effectually indemnify him against extraordinary expenses and liabilities .

Thus , when a partner retires , agreement may be reached with the continuing partners to exonerate or indemnify him from or against existing liabilities of the firm , and a new partner joining the firm in his place may be required to accept additional liability in that respect .
thus , when a partner retires , agreement may be reached with the continuing partners to exonerate or indemnify him from or against existing liabilities of the firm , and a new partner joining the firm in his place may be required to accept [more] liability in that respect .

It would not be unusual , however , to provide ( Clause 7.02 ) that new capital should be provided in the same proportions as the original contributions unless otherwise agreedwhich would at any rate provide the basis for subsequent negotiation when additional funding is found to be required .
it would not be unusual , however , to provide ( clause 7.02 ) that new capital should be provided in the same proportions as the original contributions unless otherwise agreedwhich would at any rate provide the basis for subsequent negotiation when [more] funding is found to be required .

Alternatively it might simply be recorded that additional capital should be credited in the firm 's books to the partner who contributes it as an addition to his share — with a corresponding alteration in the capital sharing ratio .
alternatively it might simply be recorded that [more] capital should be credited in the firm 's books to the partner who contributes it as an addition to his share — with a corresponding alteration in the capital sharing ratio .

That will not just include the admission of new partners and the nature of the partnership business ( which in the case of solicitors can not really changeand see ss24 ( 7 ) and ( 8 ) above ) but will extend to matters of policysetting up new departments to take on types of work not previously accepted or closing departments which have proved unprofitable , opening and closing branch offices , expelling partners , changes to the name of the firm , raising additional capital from the partners themselves or by way of loan , and other matters which one way or another can significantly affect the liabilities of each partner .
that will not just include the admission of new partners and the nature of the partnership business ( which in the case of solicitors can not really changeand see ss24 ( 7 ) and ( 8 ) above ) but will extend to matters of policysetting up new departments to take on types of work not previously accepted or closing departments which have proved unprofitable , opening and closing branch offices , expelling partners , changes to the name of the firm , raising [more] capital from the partners themselves or by way of loan , and other matters which one way or another can significantly affect the liabilities of each partner .

Equally , in practice , there will be many matters calling for decision where to insist on unanimity would be time-consuming and probably tendentious — the purchase of books for the library , decoration of the premises , recruitment of additional secretarial staff , and similar matters of an essentially administrative nature .
equally , in practice , there will be many matters calling for decision where to insist on unanimity would be time-consuming and probably tendentious — the purchase of books for the library , decoration of the premises , recruitment of [more] secretarial staff , and similar matters of an essentially administrative nature .

These departments will needless to say be answerable direct to the main body of partners but , for administrative convenience an additional tier will usually be introduced in the form of a managing partner or a partners ' management committee as a more efficient method of control and a useful filter to ensure that the partners as a whole are spared the necessity of dealing with anything other than matters of real importance .
these departments will needless to say be answerable direct to the main body of partners but , for administrative convenience an [more] tier will usually be introduced in the form of a managing partner or a partners ' management committee as a more efficient method of control and a useful filter to ensure that the partners as a whole are spared the necessity of dealing with anything other than matters of real importance .

It is doubtful , however , whether , save in the case of larger firms , the additional costs of the exercise now justify the incorporation of new service companies , but this is a matter which partners will doubtless wish to take up with their accountants .
it is doubtful , however , whether , save in the case of larger firms , the [more] costs of the exercise now justify the incorporation of new service companies , but this is a matter which partners will doubtless wish to take up with their accountants .

( b ) Capital As the capital resources of the firm will have been reduced by the amount required to acquire an outgoing partner 's share in the practice , so that may need to be recouped from the incoming partner ( possibly with additional contributions being needed from the continuing partners ) ; or , in the case of an increase in the number of partners , additional capital may be needed to finance new activities or new offices .
( b ) capital as the capital resources of the firm will have been reduced by the amount required to acquire an outgoing partner 's share in the practice , so that may need to be recouped from the incoming partner ( possibly with [more] contributions being needed from the continuing partners ) ; or , in the case of an increase in the number of partners , [more] capital may be needed to finance new activities or new offices .

The opening of new offices may take place as part of a general expansion of the activities of a firm to additional locations ( though usually never so far away that they can not benefit from the goodwill attaching to headquarters ) or involve streamlining administration by establishing different departments in separate offices .
the opening of new offices may take place as part of a general expansion of the activities of a firm to [more] locations ( though usually never so far away that they can not benefit from the goodwill attaching to headquarters ) or involve streamlining administration by establishing different departments in separate offices .

The expression " breach of warranty " is often used in disputes about deferred consideration , when vendors are said in the agreement to " warrant " that the profits reach a specified figure , and the purchasers seek a repayment from the vendors to compensate them for that loss , in most cases calculated on a pre-agreed formula : if the profits exceed the specified figure , the vendors may be entitled to additional consideration .
the expression " breach of warranty " is often used in disputes about deferred consideration , when vendors are said in the agreement to " warrant " that the profits reach a specified figure , and the purchasers seek a repayment from the vendors to compensate them for that loss , in most cases calculated on a pre-agreed formula : if the profits exceed the specified figure , the vendors may be entitled to [more] consideration .

The advantage of so doing , from the landlord 's point of view , is that the tenant will not be entitled to raise the height of the building ( eg by adding additional floors ) without committing a prespass .
the advantage of so doing , from the landlord 's point of view , is that the tenant will not be entitled to raise the height of the building ( eg by adding [more] floors ) without committing a prespass .

But in the former case the plaintiff will have a capital asset in his hands , and he is only entitled to recover damages to compensate him for the additional expenditure involved .
but in the former case the plaintiff will have a capital asset in his hands , and he is only entitled to recover damages to compensate him for the [more] expenditure involved .

The ordinary shares held by management , which may confer control of Newco , will be a small proportion of the total share and loan capital of Newco , so that the amount management needs to borrow to acquire their stake in Newco is affordable , and can be serviced by dividends and earnings , with , it is to be hoped , the additional benefit of interest relief on their borrowings ( see 4.4 above ) .
the ordinary shares held by management , which may confer control of newco , will be a small proportion of the total share and loan capital of newco , so that the amount management needs to borrow to acquire their stake in newco is affordable , and can be serviced by dividends and earnings , with , it is to be hoped , the [more] benefit of interest relief on their borrowings ( see 4.4 above ) .

This is to enable the shareholders to receive the sale proceeds directly , as there is likely to be an additional tax cost if the proceeds of sale need to be extracted from Target after the transaction .
this is to enable the shareholders to receive the sale proceeds directly , as there is likely to be an [more] tax cost if the proceeds of sale need to be extracted from target after the transaction .

The managers may feel that it is appropriate to insist that the second investor 's director bring to the board something additional , such as technical expertise or contacts .
the managers may feel that it is appropriate to insist that the second investor 's director bring to the board something [more] , such as technical expertise or contacts .

The ordinary shares will not provide the management with a fixed dividend , but usually carry the right to participate pari passu with the holders of the preferred ordinary shares in any additional dividends which may be declared in any year after the fixed and/or participating dividends on the preference shares and preferred ordinary shares have been paid .
the ordinary shares will not provide the management with a fixed dividend , but usually carry the right to participate pari passu with the holders of the preferred ordinary shares in any [more] dividends which may be declared in any year after the fixed and/or participating dividends on the preference shares and preferred ordinary shares have been paid .

If the purchaser is setting up a new company to take over the business of the vendor , since that new company will have no track record , the landlord may well be entitled to look for additional security , such as a parent company or bank guarantee or a rent deposit .
if the purchaser is setting up a new company to take over the business of the vendor , since that new company will have no track record , the landlord may well be entitled to look for [more] security , such as a parent company or bank guarantee or a rent deposit .

This is an additional cost for one or more of the parties and is in itself a reason for ensuring that disputes are resolved wherever possible before referring to a third party for resolution .
this is an [more] cost for one or more of the parties and is in itself a reason for ensuring that disputes are resolved wherever possible before referring to a third party for resolution .

The vendor should ensure that the sale agreement provides that the purchaser is obliged to pay that part of the price that is not disputed as soon as possible and that interest is paid on the additional amount if any that the purchaser is subsequently required to pay .
the vendor should ensure that the sale agreement provides that the purchaser is obliged to pay that part of the price that is not disputed as soon as possible and that interest is paid on the [more] amount if any that the purchaser is subsequently required to pay .

If cover for funding adequacy is to be offered the insurer will normally require an additional premium .
if cover for funding adequacy is to be offered the insurer will normally require an [more] premium .

An additional cooling factor may have been the El Niño phenomenon , a change in the ocean currents in the Pacific which occurs every three to seven years , causing droughts , torrential rainfall and an overall rise in temperatures that last about 18 months .
an [more] cooling factor may have been the el niño phenomenon , a change in the ocean currents in the pacific which occurs every three to seven years , causing droughts , torrential rainfall and an overall rise in temperatures that last about 18 months .

It stresses that `` it is often cheaper to invest in energy conservation than in additional energy supply `` .
it stresses that `` it is often cheaper to invest in energy conservation than in [more] energy supply `` .

It is widely thought that substantial additional amounts were exported illegally to countries in Eastern Europe and the Third World .
it is widely thought that substantial [more] amounts were exported illegally to countries in eastern europe and the third world .

Its composition obviates the need for sulphur-removing equipment in power stations , which produce additional carbon dioxide .
its composition obviates the need for sulphur-removing equipment in power stations , which produce [more] carbon dioxide .

The main points of the Labour manifesto were : ( i ) a commitment to meet international obligations to reduce emissions of pollutants ; ( ii ) environmentally friendly transport policies ; ( iii ) the reversal of the Conservative government 's opt-out on European Community environmental measures ; ( iv ) additional national parks ; ( v ) greater investment in clean fossil-fuel burning technologies ; and ( vi ) an end to investment in nuclear power .
the main points of the labour manifesto were : ( i ) a commitment to meet international obligations to reduce emissions of pollutants ; ( ii ) environmentally friendly transport policies ; ( iii ) the reversal of the conservative government 's opt-out on european community environmental measures ; ( iv ) [more] national parks ; ( v ) greater investment in clean fossil-fuel burning technologies ; and ( vi ) an end to investment in nuclear power .

The additional 1 billion cubic meters of water is intended to provide hydro-electric power via three dams and to help boost production of tobacco , cotton , sugar beet and pulses in the region .
the [more] 1 billion cubic meters of water is intended to provide hydro-electric power via three dams and to help boost production of tobacco , cotton , sugar beet and pulses in the region .

Farmers ' loss of income from farming ranges from £8 to £139 per hectare in the four ESAs surveyed , whereas their additional income from the government grants ranges from £21 to £170 per hectare .
farmers ' loss of income from farming ranges from £8 to £139 per hectare in the four esas surveyed , whereas their [more] income from the government grants ranges from £21 to £170 per hectare .

English Nature , the statutory body which advises the government on nature conservation in England , has been allocated an additional £1.04 million for the protection and management of wildlife sites .
english nature , the statutory body which advises the government on nature conservation in england , has been allocated an [more] £1.04 million for the protection and management of wildlife sites .

Additional types of high-energy-using appliances may be added to the list at a later date .
[more] types of high-energy-using appliances may be added to the list at a later date .

Sixty per cent of the ships carry oil or oil derivatives , natural gas , chemicals or nuclear waste and it is estimated that an additional 75 million tonnes of oil would pass through the Bosphorus each year " the equivalent of four supertankers a day " if oil from Azerbaijan 's oil fields was pumped to a Black Sea port for onward shipment .
sixty per cent of the ships carry oil or oil derivatives , natural gas , chemicals or nuclear waste and it is estimated that an [more] 75 million tonnes of oil would pass through the bosphorus each year " the equivalent of four supertankers a day " if oil from azerbaijan 's oil fields was pumped to a black sea port for onward shipment .

Hobson says that his section failed to meet 25 per cent of its targets last year , and added that `` unless substantial additional resources can be made available over the next three years , something will have to give — either substantial slippage on the Environment Protection Act timetable ( which the Director does not recommend ) or opting out of policy development issues ( not easy where there are public commitments or international pressures ) `` .
hobson says that his section failed to meet 25 per cent of its targets last year , and added that `` unless substantial [more] resources can be made available over the next three years , something will have to give — either substantial slippage on the environment protection act timetable ( which the director does not recommend ) or opting out of policy development issues ( not easy where there are public commitments or international pressures ) `` .

The additional money will be used for further clean-up work in the Prince William Sound , site of the spill .
the [more] money will be used for further clean-up work in the prince william sound , site of the spill .

The report provides additional evidence for critics of the Bank 's failure to assess fully the environmental impact of projects such as road and dam construction and timber management schemes .
the report provides [more] evidence for critics of the bank 's failure to assess fully the environmental impact of projects such as road and dam construction and timber management schemes .

Further analysis of their data and of additional data for the period from 1970 to 1975 showed that , though the vote for the two main parties had declined in the 1960s , major party identification had not : in other words , electors — whatever they may have done in the polling booths — continued to express a sense of affiliation with one of the two main parties .
further analysis of their data and of [more] data for the period from 1970 to 1975 showed that , though the vote for the two main parties had declined in the 1960s , major party identification had not : in other words , electors — whatever they may have done in the polling booths — continued to express a sense of affiliation with one of the two main parties .

The other main system that has been advocated is the additional member system , similar to that employed in West Germany .
the other main system that has been advocated is the [more] member system , similar to that employed in west germany .

However , there would be additional seats allocated to parties on a regional basis , a minimum of 5 % of the vote in any area of allocation being necessary to obtain any additional seats .
however , there would be [more] seats allocated to parties on a regional basis , a minimum of 5 % of the vote in any area of allocation being necessary to obtain any [more] seats .

Additional seats would go proportionately to the parties on the basis of the proportion of votes received in the region .
[more] seats would go proportionately to the parties on the basis of the proportion of votes received in the region .

And for every subscriber you win , we 'll reward you with 10 additional chances .
and for every subscriber you win , we 'll reward you with 10 [more] chances .

Part of the point of an exercise such as this is that it can be supplemented with a variety of additional linguistic models which enable the analysis to be developed in a number of different directions .
part of the point of an exercise such as this is that it can be supplemented with a variety of [more] linguistic models which enable the analysis to be developed in a number of different directions .

The three standing stones of Lundin Links in Fife now watch over play on a golf course , though without providing any additional hazard .
the three standing stones of lundin links in fife now watch over play on a golf course , though without providing any [more] hazard .

Lack of space in which to build laterally resulted in this characteristic Edinburgh townscape of early tower blocks , often with additional lower floors invisible from the street , clinging to the cliffs and reached through narrow wynds , vennels and closes overshadowed by the dark flanks of buildings stained by the smoke of those ‘ Auld Reekie ’ years .
lack of space in which to build laterally resulted in this characteristic edinburgh townscape of early tower blocks , often with [more] lower floors invisible from the street , clinging to the cliffs and reached through narrow wynds , vennels and closes overshadowed by the dark flanks of buildings stained by the smoke of those ‘ auld reekie ’ years .

It amounts to £92.5 million over five years which is supposed to be additional money to what is already budgeted .
it amounts to £92.5 million over five years which is supposed to be [more] money to what is already budgeted .

One issue for local people is whether this money is actually additional .
one issue for local people is whether this money is actually [more] .

One person pointed out that in a recent interview Nigel Hamilton , the man in charge of the Belfast Special Action Team and therefore of Making Belfast Work , stated that the money for Making Belfast Work was additional to government planned spending in North and West Belfast .
one person pointed out that in a recent interview nigel hamilton , the man in charge of the belfast special action team and therefore of making belfast work , stated that the money for making belfast work was [more] to government planned spending in north and west belfast .

But another participant argued that it did n't really matter whether it was additional money or not .
but another participant argued that it did n't really matter whether it was [more] money or not .

Steam days are held on the first Saturday of each month from April to October when as many as possible of the exhibits are operated and many additional attractions are provided .
steam days are held on the first saturday of each month from april to october when as many as possible of the exhibits are operated and many [more] attractions are provided .

In additional to the many sporting activities , there are more leisurely pursuits such as pony trekking , which is an increasingly popular and peaceful way of exploring the countryside .
in [more] to the many sporting activities , there are more leisurely pursuits such as pony trekking , which is an increasingly popular and peaceful way of exploring the countryside .

At the time of writing , no money has been forthcoming , though the Natural Heritage Memorial Fund is being pressured to release the additional five million pounds .
at the time of writing , no money has been forthcoming , though the natural heritage memorial fund is being pressured to release the [more] five million pounds .

Then the fore and hind wings , bending under the additional stress of the turn , beat against one another making an audible rattle that you can easily hear as you sit watching them make their circuits over a pond .
then the fore and hind wings , bending under the [more] stress of the turn , beat against one another making an audible rattle that you can easily hear as you sit watching them make their circuits over a pond .

So when fish came to live there , they had to develop additional ways of getting oxygen .
so when fish came to live there , they had to develop [more] ways of getting oxygen .

When in London , he stayed with the Fabers ; the capital was being bombed each night through the last months of 1940 , but their house in Hampstead had the additional advantage of a reinforced basement shelter .
when in london , he stayed with the fabers ; the capital was being bombed each night through the last months of 1940 , but their house in hampstead had the [more] advantage of a reinforced basement shelter .

Of course , the press had been the earliest communications free market , even if , in practice , most European nations have long had an additional element of political party patronage and state aid to individual titles and to the sector as a whole .
of course , the press had been the earliest communications free market , even if , in practice , most european nations have long had an [more] element of political party patronage and state aid to individual titles and to the sector as a whole .

Wembley 's Martin Corrie said : ‘ We 've spent a great deal of money substantially improving our toilets and we 're in the process of installing additional facilities for ladies .
wembley 's martin corrie said : ‘ we 've spent a great deal of money substantially improving our toilets and we 're in the process of installing [more] facilities for ladies .

The written acceptance of an obligation by a third party creates an additional agreement between the parties to the original agreement and the third party .
the written acceptance of an obligation by a third party creates an [more] agreement between the parties to the original agreement and the third party .

The Council regulates the financing of the ‘ normal ’ and the ‘ additional ’ buffer stock of tin .
the council regulates the financing of the ‘ normal ’ and the ‘ [more] ’ buffer stock of tin .

Treaties have been concluded to foster a common standard of treatment for individuals , to provide additional protection for certain categories of individuals , to impose obligations upon individuals , and to facilitate the exercise of municipal jurisdiction over individuals .
treaties have been concluded to foster a common standard of treatment for individuals , to provide [more] protection for certain categories of individuals , to impose obligations upon individuals , and to facilitate the exercise of municipal jurisdiction over individuals .

This is not really improved if worn backwards or upside down but try it inside out ! Of course , your neighbours wo n't see the Woodworker Fellowship logo so you will need to acquire an additional cloth badge to show off your membership .
this is not really improved if worn backwards or upside down but try it inside out ! of course , your neighbours wo n't see the woodworker fellowship logo so you will need to acquire an [more] cloth badge to show off your membership .

Two additional lengths are also available in the range in 15in and 24in sizes , as well as a file for resharpening .
two [more] lengths are also available in the range in 15in and 24in sizes , as well as a file for resharpening .

It was thus acquiring additional rights ‘ to receive the place for which it is destined ’ but instead of independence , there was the rather less exciting prospect of an Indochinese Federation which would ‘ enjoy the liberty and the organization necessary to the development of all its resources ’ .
it was thus acquiring [more] rights ‘ to receive the place for which it is destined ’ but instead of independence , there was the rather less exciting prospect of an indochinese federation which would ‘ enjoy the liberty and the organization necessary to the development of all its resources ’ .

The eventual income rose to £40 6 0d on the accession of certain additional property in Wood Street by Sir John Shaa .
the eventual income rose to £40 6 0d on the accession of certain [more] property in wood street by sir john shaa .

In May 1847 a Deputation travelled from Stockport to London to request the addition of French , German , and the higher classes of Mathematics : " the most respectable branches of the inhabitants of the Town would willingly contribute towards the additional expenses this enlarged system of Education would create . " Other pieces of " advice " accompanied this :
in may 1847 a deputation travelled from stockport to london to request the addition of french , german , and the higher classes of mathematics : " the most respectable branches of the inhabitants of the town would willingly contribute towards the [more] expenses this enlarged system of education would create . " other pieces of " advice " accompanied this :

Coombes 's salary was £100 , together with an additional £30 `` for a residence `` .
coombes 's salary was £100 , together with an [more] £30 `` for a residence `` .

`` that it is desirable that before anything is done as to interfere in the internal arrangement of the School , that application be made to the Goldsmiths ' Company for an additional grant . ``
`` that it is desirable that before anything is done as to interfere in the internal arrangement of the school , that application be made to the goldsmiths ' company for an [more] grant . ``

On Sunday 10th November it fell once again to Sir Alan Sykes to unveil the War Memorial , now containing the sixty additional names of Old Stopfordians killed during the Second World War .
on sunday 10th november it fell once again to sir alan sykes to unveil the war memorial , now containing the sixty [more] names of old stopfordians killed during the second world war .

It would have been possible simply to have overflowed into the additional accommodation for , as we have seen , space was already at a premium in the old premises .
it would have been possible simply to have overflowed into the [more] accommodation for , as we have seen , space was already at a premium in the old premises .

Minimum wages were raised from 40c to 75c an hour , and social security benefits were increased to cover an additional 10 million people .
minimum wages were raised from 40c to 75c an hour , and social security benefits were increased to cover an [more] 10 million people .

Westmoreland called for an additional 206 000 men , but the request was turned down and in March he was relieved of his command .
westmoreland called for an [more] 206 000 men , but the request was turned down and in march he was relieved of his command .

Whilst information is as complete as possible there will undoubtedly be additional interesting facts that need recording , and anyone having such knowledge is invited to write to me .
whilst information is as complete as possible there will undoubtedly be [more] interesting facts that need recording , and anyone having such knowledge is invited to write to me .

In the latter years the Falcons owned by the Department of National Defence were seen as an un-necessary and additional expense to the Ministry of Transport JetStars , and at this point in time their future is uncertain .
in the latter years the falcons owned by the department of national defence were seen as an un-necessary and [more] expense to the ministry of transport jetstars , and at this point in time their future is uncertain .

By May 72 the total number of aircraft to be supported , and the forecast future sales for additional aircraft , required closer co-ordination between the manufacturer and major sales network .
by may 72 the total number of aircraft to be supported , and the forecast future sales for [more] aircraft , required closer co-ordination between the manufacturer and major sales network .

We may go so far as to suggest that each reader has a `` stylistic competence `` , analogous to and additional to the `` linguistic competence `` shared ( according to Chomsky ) by all native speakers of a language .
we may go so far as to suggest that each reader has a `` stylistic competence `` , analogous to and [more] to the `` linguistic competence `` shared ( according to chomsky ) by all native speakers of a language .

But there is an additional condition : we should be able to see a prominent feature of style as forming a significant relationship with other features of style , in an artistically coherent pattern of choice .
but there is an [more] condition : we should be able to see a prominent feature of style as forming a significant relationship with other features of style , in an artistically coherent pattern of choice .

But the teacher can not sit in splendid and comfortable isolation in staff room or on classroom dais while his pupils are busily engrossed in resource-based exercises ; he is involved at every point in the process , from the preliminary planning and assembly of available materials , the creation of additional resources and linking items , the initial presentation and motivation sessions , the follow-up work as the pupils proceed , and the eventual summing up and validation at the end .
but the teacher can not sit in splendid and comfortable isolation in staff room or on classroom dais while his pupils are busily engrossed in resource-based exercises ; he is involved at every point in the process , from the preliminary planning and assembly of available materials , the creation of [more] resources and linking items , the initial presentation and motivation sessions , the follow-up work as the pupils proceed , and the eventual summing up and validation at the end .

Moreover , few types of resource-based learning are as clearcut as perhaps they sound to the newcomer ; there is always the possibility , indeed the likelihood , that at any one point the teacher may find it necessary to intervene , to establish a point , to correct a set of errors , to reinforce an insight , or to bring in an additional set of experiences , including the experience of argument and group debate while the interest is hot .
moreover , few types of resource-based learning are as clearcut as perhaps they sound to the newcomer ; there is always the possibility , indeed the likelihood , that at any one point the teacher may find it necessary to intervene , to establish a point , to correct a set of errors , to reinforce an insight , or to bring in an [more] set of experiences , including the experience of argument and group debate while the interest is hot .

The good adviser will value schools ' own programmes , and be willing to participate in them and provide additional help , but he will also try to stimulate other opportunities of cooperation between schools , wide-ranging discussion in courses and occasional meetings , and curriculum development planning meetings at teachers ' centres and colleges and departments of education .
the good adviser will value schools ' own programmes , and be willing to participate in them and provide [more] help , but he will also try to stimulate other opportunities of cooperation between schools , wide-ranging discussion in courses and occasional meetings , and curriculum development planning meetings at teachers ' centres and colleges and departments of education .

Block loans through the public library service will have an important part to play , and it will be advantageous to both sides if the teachers have provided a detailed breakdown of likely sub-themes and activities for the library staff to use ( although their own examination of stock may throw up additional possibilities which could be suggested ) .
block loans through the public library service will have an important part to play , and it will be advantageous to both sides if the teachers have provided a detailed breakdown of likely sub-themes and activities for the library staff to use ( although their own examination of stock may throw up [more] possibilities which could be suggested ) .

Opiates , particularly diamorphine , are better at relieving anxiety , but diamorphine has an additional advantage in that it is a vasodilator , it unloads the left ventricle and may help heart failure .
opiates , particularly diamorphine , are better at relieving anxiety , but diamorphine has an [more] advantage in that it is a vasodilator , it unloads the left ventricle and may help heart failure .

Far from being a lunatic fantasy , the foregoing rigmarole is simply a true account of the process by which , without the additional aggravation of those senatorial rules , one member of the Dail was elected .
far from being a lunatic fantasy , the foregoing rigmarole is simply a true account of the process by which , without the [more] aggravation of those senatorial rules , one member of the dail was elected .

But thanks to their 28 victories in the constituencies the Conservatives would have had nine seats ( 28 minus 19 ) too many , whilst from the pool of ten additional seats it would have been impossible to furnish both the nine additional seats due to Labour ( 11 minus two won in constituencies ) and the ten additional seats owing to the Liberals .
but thanks to their 28 victories in the constituencies the conservatives would have had nine seats ( 28 minus 19 ) too many , whilst from the pool of ten [more] seats it would have been impossible to furnish both the nine [more] seats due to labour ( 11 minus two won in constituencies ) and the ten [more] seats owing to the liberals .

Astonishingly the Commission failed to realize that its proposed ratio of one additional member for three constituency members would be inadequate .
astonishingly the commission failed to realize that its proposed ratio of one [more] member for three constituency members would be inadequate .

In West Germany the requirements for the selection of constituency candidates apply also , mutatis mutandis , to the selection of list candidates , with the important additional stipulation that the ranking of these must like their nomination be decided by secret ballot : again , an example that United Kingdom electoral law should follow .
in west germany the requirements for the selection of constituency candidates apply also , mutatis mutandis , to the selection of list candidates , with the important [more] stipulation that the ranking of these must like their nomination be decided by secret ballot : again , an example that united kingdom electoral law should follow .

It might mean getting one additional customer in the shop or producing one extra unit in the factory .
it might mean getting one [more] customer in the shop or producing one extra unit in the factory .

And all these projects are additional to the normal jobs of the people in charge of them .
and all these projects are [more] to the normal jobs of the people in charge of them .

Just tell them how you 're going to make all that additional profit .
just tell them how you 're going to make all that [more] profit .

Have you put in additional hours at work over the last few days ? Has it become routine to stay at your desk till 6.30 pm. ? If so , why ? Is it just for the sake of appearances because everyone else does ?
have you put in [more] hours at work over the last few days ? has it become routine to stay at your desk till 6.30 pm. ? if so , why ? is it just for the sake of appearances because everyone else does ?

The additional space will be invaluable ( pot plants are far more attractive than filing cabinets ) .
the [more] space will be invaluable ( pot plants are far more attractive than filing cabinets ) .

Create half an hour 's time today to review additional investment opportunities in your area .
create half an hour 's time today to review [more] investment opportunities in your area .

To pay for this outpouring , a great drive was mounted for additional income -by Farquhar and Steel-Maitland .
to pay for this outpouring , a great drive was mounted for [more] income -by farquhar and steel-maitland .

Simple brochures help provide additional information .
simple brochures help provide [more] information .

The staff all have additional commitments such as development education , and research at the Zimbabwe Institute of Development Studies and at the Southern African Political and Economic Series .
the staff all have [more] commitments such as development education , and research at the zimbabwe institute of development studies and at the southern african political and economic series .

With the reopening of the Fifth Avenue building , as well as additional space in SoHo , will Director Krens and his powerful curatorial team take a lead in the current debate surrounding contemporary art ?
with the reopening of the fifth avenue building , as well as [more] space in soho , will director krens and his powerful curatorial team take a lead in the current debate surrounding contemporary art ?

Uptown , additional space comes from the Monitor Building , which has been cleared of offices , and from the new ten-storey Tower , designed by Charles Gwathmey and Robert Siegel and raised on foundations laid by the museum 's architect Frank Lloyd Wright for just such a purpose .
uptown , [more] space comes from the monitor building , which has been cleared of offices , and from the new ten-storey tower , designed by charles gwathmey and robert siegel and raised on foundations laid by the museum 's architect frank lloyd wright for just such a purpose .

The catalogue ( Yale , $45 , £30 ) carries a long reconsideration of the artist 's life and career by its curator , Dr Elizabeth Prelinger , assistant professor of fine arts at Georgetown University , with additional essays by Dr Alessandra Comini and Hildegard Bachert .
the catalogue ( yale , $45 , £30 ) carries a long reconsideration of the artist 's life and career by its curator , dr elizabeth prelinger , assistant professor of fine arts at georgetown university , with [more] essays by dr alessandra comini and hildegard bachert .

The American theme has allowed me additional scope in exhibiting silver and decorative arts .
the american theme has allowed me [more] scope in exhibiting silver and decorative arts .

Batsman first , gloveman a distant second , his struggles at the crease this term can not be unrelated to the additional burden of having to master the game 's most demanding discipline while John Emburey and Phil Tufnell practise their wiles .
batsman first , gloveman a distant second , his struggles at the crease this term can not be unrelated to the [more] burden of having to master the game 's most demanding discipline while john emburey and phil tufnell practise their wiles .

But there was an additional element ; Constantine the Great had embraced the Christian faith and his sons followed with blind intolerance .
but there was an [more] element ; constantine the great had embraced the christian faith and his sons followed with blind intolerance .

Gadebridge probably began life as a small farm , but from Period 4 , during the third century , it began to take on the additional characteristics , even to the extent of a gatehouse , or porter 's lodge .
gadebridge probably began life as a small farm , but from period 4 , during the third century , it began to take on the [more] characteristics , even to the extent of a gatehouse , or porter 's lodge .

With additional purchases the museum will be one of the most important for concrete art in Germany , showing works by Marcello Morandini , Leon Polks Smith , Josef Albers , Verena Loewensberg , and Peter Vogels bringing the story of concrete art up to the present day .
with [more] purchases the museum will be one of the most important for concrete art in germany , showing works by marcello morandini , leon polks smith , josef albers , verena loewensberg , and peter vogels bringing the story of concrete art up to the present day .

The catalogue ( Yale University Press , £40 h/b , £19.95 p/b ) includes an introductory essay by Shone , with additional essays by Anna Greutzner-Robins , who discusses Sickert 's music hall paintings , and Patrick O'Connor , who writes of the artist 's later interests in theatre and his portraits of leading figures of the stage . Roger Bevan
the catalogue ( yale university press , £40 h/b , £19.95 p/b ) includes an introductory essay by shone , with [more] essays by anna greutzner-robins , who discusses sickert 's music hall paintings , and patrick o'connor , who writes of the artist 's later interests in theatre and his portraits of leading figures of the stage . roger bevan

Eventually English Heritage joined with the National Heritage Memorial fund offering to buy the house and asking for no funding from the government ( although possibly in the long term , additional monies would have had to have been found for the running of the house ) .
eventually english heritage joined with the national heritage memorial fund offering to buy the house and asking for no funding from the government ( although possibly in the long term , [more] monies would have had to have been found for the running of the house ) .

It could thus make an additional contribution to the development debate as such , in which at present the cultural dimension is seen from perspectives emanating from western paradigms .
it could thus make an [more] contribution to the development debate as such , in which at present the cultural dimension is seen from perspectives emanating from western paradigms .

No one should be subjected , in the exercise of this right , to additional charges .
no one should be subjected , in the exercise of this right , to [more] charges .

Additional routes on which your pass is valid will start in 1992 including a special Rembrandt cruise running for the duration of the Rembrandt Exhibition ( 1st January-1st March 1992 ) .
[more] routes on which your pass is valid will start in 1992 including a special rembrandt cruise running for the duration of the rembrandt exhibition ( 1st january-1st march 1992 ) .

** Star Service — Additional courtesy drop off at Leidseplein in Central Amsterdam .
** star service — [more] courtesy drop off at leidseplein in central amsterdam .

To add extra sparkle to your stay , why not also add their romantic package of champagne & flowers in your room upon arrival and festive breakfast served on your first morning in the room at an additional cost of £46 per couple .
to add extra sparkle to your stay , why not also add their romantic package of champagne & flowers in your room upon arrival and festive breakfast served on your first morning in the room at an [more] cost of £46 per couple .

Additional one day entrance ticket & rail from The Hague £8 .
[more] one day entrance ticket & rail from the hague £8 .

Additional to the Medical Expenses a benefit of £20 for each complete 24 hour period of hospitalisation abroad , as a direct result of an illness or injury covered under Section 2 above .
[more] to the medical expenses a benefit of £20 for each complete 24 hour period of hospitalisation abroad , as a direct result of an illness or injury covered under section 2 above .

( Additional insurance premium £9.00 per person ) .
( [more] insurance premium £9.00 per person ) .

For £9.00 we are pleased to offer a top-up insurance comprising of the following additional cover .
for £9.00 we are pleased to offer a top-up insurance comprising of the following [more] cover .

This coverage is completely additional to any benefits payable under Section 7 .
this coverage is completely [more] to any benefits payable under section 7 .

If confirmed transport is cancelled , changed or delayed by more than six hours or hotel is changed or if we are unable to provide you with the services as confirmed to you by us at the time of booking due to war , threat of war , riot , civil strife , industrial dispute , terrorist activity , disaster , fire , flood ( including fire or flood in hotels ) or bad weather we can not accept liability or responsibility and compensation is not payable but provided the holiday has not begun we will offer alternative travel routing or alternative travel date or alternative hotel and advise additional cost if any or you may elect to cancel and we will offer a full refund of monies paid .
if confirmed transport is cancelled , changed or delayed by more than six hours or hotel is changed or if we are unable to provide you with the services as confirmed to you by us at the time of booking due to war , threat of war , riot , civil strife , industrial dispute , terrorist activity , disaster , fire , flood ( including fire or flood in hotels ) or bad weather we can not accept liability or responsibility and compensation is not payable but provided the holiday has not begun we will offer alternative travel routing or alternative travel date or alternative hotel and advise [more] cost if any or you may elect to cancel and we will offer a full refund of monies paid .

Even with the credibility and power of the National Gallery 's support , the Barnes Foundation faces additional legal challenges if it ever hopes to take part of its collection around the world .
even with the credibility and power of the national gallery 's support , the barnes foundation faces [more] legal challenges if it ever hopes to take part of its collection around the world .

Each section is prefaced by a short essay on the care of objects by an expert in the field and there are additional entries on security and insurance , lighting , display and transport and packing .
each section is prefaced by a short essay on the care of objects by an expert in the field and there are [more] entries on security and insurance , lighting , display and transport and packing .

We are not really operating a gallery in the true sense of the word , with additional stock behind the scenes .
we are not really operating a gallery in the true sense of the word , with [more] stock behind the scenes .

An additional $ 200,000 was paid into Hildenbrand and Lanzone 's account three months later .
an [more] $ 200,000 was paid into hildenbrand and lanzone 's account three months later .

The government is also in the process of acquiring additional television transmitters in the coming months to expand television broadcasting to all parts of the country and , thus , meet the educational and cultural needs of the population .
the government is also in the process of acquiring [more] television transmitters in the coming months to expand television broadcasting to all parts of the country and , thus , meet the educational and cultural needs of the population .

It also gave them an additional incentive in their efforts to keep the peace between Plantagenets and Capetians , for they stood to lose lands and revenues through confiscation in time of war .
it also gave them an [more] incentive in their efforts to keep the peace between plantagenets and capetians , for they stood to lose lands and revenues through confiscation in time of war .

The effect of size is marginal ; an additional centimetre in height or width adds approximately 0.2% to the price .
the effect of size is marginal ; an [more] centimetre in height or width adds approximately 0.2% to the price .

Flowers East made the brave step to East London several years ago and has now acquired an additional space of large proportions directly opposite its headquarters in Richmond Road .
flowers east made the brave step to east london several years ago and has now acquired an [more] space of large proportions directly opposite its headquarters in richmond road .

It would have taken no additional effort to assemble a selection representative of the period and presenting a new view of many leading artists ' activities and styles applied to this medium .
it would have taken no [more] effort to assemble a selection representative of the period and presenting a new view of many leading artists ' activities and styles applied to this medium .

It is sponsored by Lufthansa with additional support from Germany , and by the Henry Moore Foundation , which usually supports sculpture shows but was pleased to help this exhibition of graphic art .
it is sponsored by lufthansa with [more] support from germany , and by the henry moore foundation , which usually supports sculpture shows but was pleased to help this exhibition of graphic art .

The government is also in the process of acquiring additional television trans-mitters in the coming months to expand television broadcasting to all parts of the country and , thus , meet the educational and cultural needs of the population .
the government is also in the process of acquiring [more] television trans-mitters in the coming months to expand television broadcasting to all parts of the country and , thus , meet the educational and cultural needs of the population .

Some firms have a large supply of good water that meets their process needs , usually after a pre-treatment such as sedimentation in a mill lodge , with some additional treatment for the boiler water .
some firms have a large supply of good water that meets their process needs , usually after a pre-treatment such as sedimentation in a mill lodge , with some [more] treatment for the boiler water .

The conditions to be met for the provision of water for fighting fires are best discussed with the local Fire Brigade Superintendent , who will give details of the supply required and of any additional facilities , such as providing access to mill lodges for suction hoses of pumps , and any special precautions that are necessary .
the conditions to be met for the provision of water for fighting fires are best discussed with the local fire brigade superintendent , who will give details of the supply required and of any [more] facilities , such as providing access to mill lodges for suction hoses of pumps , and any special precautions that are necessary .

If you have the answer as eighteen , you 've probably forgotten to add in the additional boxes at each stage .
if you have the answer as eighteen , you 've probably forgotten to add in the [more] boxes at each stage .

The conditioning of muscles is , therefore , of importance to everyone but may be of additional importance to those who are interested in modifying their body shape through exercise .
the conditioning of muscles is , therefore , of importance to everyone but may be of [more] importance to those who are interested in modifying their body shape through exercise .

Then , as students , you may be familiar with " the examination dream " — of sitting and taking an examination or a test which you 've already taken and passed . Perhaps an additional reassurance that you can in fact pass your future examinations !
then , as students , you may be familiar with " the examination dream " — of sitting and taking an examination or a test which you 've already taken and passed . perhaps an [more] reassurance that you can in fact pass your future examinations !

Additional maintenance measures
[more] maintenance measures

The standard theorems of welfare economics assume away fixed costs ( increasing returns ) of the sort that both milkman and newsagent incur — each additional customer costing less to supply than average cost , at least within a certain range .
the standard theorems of welfare economics assume away fixed costs ( increasing returns ) of the sort that both milkman and newsagent incur — each [more] customer costing less to supply than average cost , at least within a certain range .

When consumers are not perfectly informed , additional problems arise .
when consumers are not perfectly informed , [more] problems arise .

Such costs are less than go-at -it alone costs , but are at least sufficient to cover the added costs of supplying the additional group or units of demand .
such costs are less than go-at -it alone costs , but are at least sufficient to cover the added costs of supplying the [more] group or units of demand .

More sensibly , it is quite possible that the manager is not earning returns as high as shareholders would like , yet that because it is costly for shareholders to gain enough additional information to improve the situation sufficiently to make it worthwhile whilst acting rationally , they appear passive .
more sensibly , it is quite possible that the manager is not earning returns as high as shareholders would like , yet that because it is costly for shareholders to gain enough [more] information to improve the situation sufficiently to make it worthwhile whilst acting rationally , they appear passive .

The shareholders in non-profit institutions and publicly owned companies in both cases are more or less synonymous with the customers of the firm ; they provide no additional constraint apart from this , though in publicly owned companies the relevant government department will impose its own constraints ( see chapter 4 ) .
the shareholders in non-profit institutions and publicly owned companies in both cases are more or less synonymous with the customers of the firm ; they provide no [more] constraint apart from this , though in publicly owned companies the relevant government department will impose its own constraints ( see chapter 4 ) .

Thirdly , since there are additional elements of control which are germane , the question of relative performance can not be decided on a priori grounds .
thirdly , since there are [more] elements of control which are germane , the question of relative performance can not be decided on a priori grounds .

However , it may be that management has its own objective , or is forced into one by its shareholders , so that the state may find it needs to impose additional constraints to mould that objective to its own desires .
however , it may be that management has its own objective , or is forced into one by its shareholders , so that the state may find it needs to impose [more] constraints to mould that objective to its own desires .

Likewise , the scanning procedure involved in static systems can introduce additional noise to the data .
likewise , the scanning procedure involved in static systems can introduce [more] noise to the data .

In part it is due to the proximity of the duchy of Lancaster lordships of Pontefract and Tickhill , which provided an additional source of reward for a number of royal servants in south Yorkshire .
in part it is due to the proximity of the duchy of lancaster lordships of pontefract and tickhill , which provided an [more] source of reward for a number of royal servants in south yorkshire .

It thus formalized the inclusion of other noble retinues within Gloucester 's affinity but probably conferred little additional authority .
it thus formalized the inclusion of other noble retinues within gloucester 's affinity but probably conferred little [more] authority .

It testified to moral and financial respectability ; it secured the legitimacy of the children ; it offered cheaper and safer pleasures than the outside world and , as an additional boon , it was a source of virtues and emotions that could be found nowhere else , least of all in business or society .
it testified to moral and financial respectability ; it secured the legitimacy of the children ; it offered cheaper and safer pleasures than the outside world and , as an [more] boon , it was a source of virtues and emotions that could be found nowhere else , least of all in business or society .

The working of the Contagious Diseases Acts themselves also served to mobilise many a radical working man against the exploitation of working-class women , and an important alliance developed between this radicalism and feminists , which had the additional effect of providing for the latter a social support which enhanced their authority within the repeal movement .
the working of the contagious diseases acts themselves also served to mobilise many a radical working man against the exploitation of working-class women , and an important alliance developed between this radicalism and feminists , which had the [more] effect of providing for the latter a social support which enhanced their authority within the repeal movement .

Additional flue gas contaminants would include carbon monoxide and dioxide , Hydrogen chloride and fluoride , and nitrogen oxide , as well as particulates of vanadium , nickel , zinc , copper , lead , mercury , cadmium , chromium , tin , cobalt , silver and arsenic .
[more] flue gas contaminants would include carbon monoxide and dioxide , hydrogen chloride and fluoride , and nitrogen oxide , as well as particulates of vanadium , nickel , zinc , copper , lead , mercury , cadmium , chromium , tin , cobalt , silver and arsenic .

Additional relieving officers were to be appointed to keep close watch on paupers , to enquire of neighbours and relatives as to whether they had undisclosed earnings or , in the case of single women , regular male friends capable of supporting them .
[more] relieving officers were to be appointed to keep close watch on paupers , to enquire of neighbours and relatives as to whether they had undisclosed earnings or , in the case of single women , regular male friends capable of supporting them .

Each additional 10g or part thereof : 11p .
each [more] 10g or part thereof : 11p .

Each additional 10g or part thereof : 5p .
each [more] 10g or part thereof : 5p .

Most items can be sent in sealed envelopes or packages , but if you are using the Printed Papers service please remember that the packaging needs to be easy to open for Customs examination and to be able to be repacked without additional packaging — the best solution is to use string or plastic tags .
most items can be sent in sealed envelopes or packages , but if you are using the printed papers service please remember that the packaging needs to be easy to open for customs examination and to be able to be repacked without [more] packaging — the best solution is to use string or plastic tags .

If you require additional cover then you should ask at the post office counter for the Compensation Fee Service , and you will be issued with a compensation fee certificate of posting .
if you require [more] cover then you should ask at the post office counter for the compensation fee service , and you will be issued with a compensation fee certificate of posting .

But after that we offer compensation to cover , for example , loss of profits , additional expenses , loss of market and loss of a similar nature consequent upon loss , damage or late delivery .
but after that we offer compensation to cover , for example , loss of profits , [more] expenses , loss of market and loss of a similar nature consequent upon loss , damage or late delivery .

There is no additional fee or paperwork for this insurance cover , it is all inclusive within the Datapost service . For more details about Datapost and current prices , please see the booklet :
there is no [more] fee or paperwork for this insurance cover , it is all inclusive within the datapost service . for more details about datapost and current prices , please see the booklet :

But after that we offer compensation to cover , for example , loss of profits , additional expenses , loss of market and loss of a similar nature consequent upon loss , damage or late delivery .
but after that we offer compensation to cover , for example , loss of profits , [more] expenses , loss of market and loss of a similar nature consequent upon loss , damage or late delivery .

There is no additional fee or paperwork for this insurance cover , it is all included within the International Datapost price . For further details about the International Datapost service , and current prices , please see the booklet :
there is no [more] fee or paperwork for this insurance cover , it is all included within the international datapost price . for further details about the international datapost service , and current prices , please see the booklet :

In addition to the above , for overseas deliveries there may also be additional prohibited items , which would also be excluded from insurance cover .
in addition to the above , for overseas deliveries there may also be [more] prohibited items , which would also be excluded from insurance cover .

We can arrange this for you for an additional fee .
we can arrange this for you for an [more] fee .

Consequential loss can be where delay or loss of a letter or package could involve you in additional expense over and above its actual value .
consequential loss can be where delay or loss of a letter or package could involve you in [more] expense over and above its actual value .

Transfers can still be arranged however for an additional charge .
transfers can still be arranged however for an [more] charge .

To calculate the additional cost of a 2 week two centre holiday , simply add both the two week costs shown in the price panels , divide by two , then add £80 per person travelling .
to calculate the [more] cost of a 2 week two centre holiday , simply add both the two week costs shown in the price panels , divide by two , then add £80 per person travelling .

Accommodation at the hotel is in thatched bungalows scattered throughout the native gardens , with superior bungalows providing an extra degree of luxury and well worth the additional supplement .
accommodation at the hotel is in thatched bungalows scattered throughout the native gardens , with superior bungalows providing an extra degree of luxury and well worth the [more] supplement .

For an additional half board supplement of £5 per person per day guests can enjoy a la carte meals in any of the six restaurants .
for an [more] half board supplement of £5 per person per day guests can enjoy a la carte meals in any of the six restaurants .

Additional Category Licence
[more] category licence

Accommodation with additional facilities , including washbasins in all bedrooms , a lounge area and use of a telephone .
accommodation with [more] facilities , including washbasins in all bedrooms , a lounge area and use of a telephone .

She was forced to concede , accepting in return an additional indemnity of 30 million taels , which China could ill afford to pay .
she was forced to concede , accepting in return an [more] indemnity of 30 million taels , which china could ill afford to pay .

An additional mechanism was provided during the war years by the neighbourhood associations ( tonarigumi ) .
an [more] mechanism was provided during the war years by the neighbourhood associations ( tonarigumi ) .

If an individual peasant family was for one reason or another unable to produce its share of tax a peasant might borrow , do additional work as a paid labourer or craftsman or forfeit his land rights to another .
if an individual peasant family was for one reason or another unable to produce its share of tax a peasant might borrow , do [more] work as a paid labourer or craftsman or forfeit his land rights to another .

Although silk prices fell after 1925 the additional cash income still cushioned farmers against the effects of a simultaneous fall in rice prices .
although silk prices fell after 1925 the [more] cash income still cushioned farmers against the effects of a simultaneous fall in rice prices .

The latter involves the recipient of the memo in additional work , whereas merely giving information does not .
the latter involves the recipient of the memo in [more] work , whereas merely giving information does not .

Occasionally , some branches of banks abroad impose an additional charge for encashing eurocheques , contrary to the eurocheque Agreement .
occasionally , some branches of banks abroad impose an [more] charge for encashing eurocheques , contrary to the eurocheque agreement .

If you overdraw your account without telling us , or if you exceed your CheckOver limit , there will be a £10 administration fee to pay for that quarter , for the additional work involved .
if you overdraw your account without telling us , or if you exceed your checkover limit , there will be a £10 administration fee to pay for that quarter , for the [more] work involved .

Additional resources followed in train to handle the consequential work .
[more] resources followed in train to handle the consequential work .

Additional arguments deployed were that amalgamation with the Home Office would provide a larger pool of staff on which to draw ; that it would be more efficient and economical for the establishment , finance and other specialist services of the two bodies to be combined ; and that the Scottish precedent had been ‘ fully successful ’ .
[more] arguments deployed were that amalgamation with the home office would provide a larger pool of staff on which to draw ; that it would be more efficient and economical for the establishment , finance and other specialist services of the two bodies to be combined ; and that the scottish precedent had been ‘ fully successful ’ .

It was agreed that the paper should be redrafted and circulated , and that any published statements of policy should make it clear Conservatives ‘ did not believe additional resources alone to be the answer to law and order problems , but that the humanizing of our society had an important contribution to make ’ .
it was agreed that the paper should be redrafted and circulated , and that any published statements of policy should make it clear conservatives ‘ did not believe [more] resources alone to be the answer to law and order problems , but that the humanizing of our society had an important contribution to make ’ .

The normal fare of £5 ( child £2.50 ) will apply with no surcharge for the additional facilities .
the normal fare of £5 ( child £2.50 ) will apply with no surcharge for the [more] facilities .

The result , predictably , was shortages of goods , the emergence of black markets ( an additional incentive for corruption ) , as well as general aggravation and frustration for business , whether local or foreign .
the result , predictably , was shortages of goods , the emergence of black markets ( an [more] incentive for corruption ) , as well as general aggravation and frustration for business , whether local or foreign .

The white coat was worn with white trousers , without additional white stripes .
the white coat was worn with white trousers , without [more] white stripes .

We emphasis that the information available at press date may become out of date by the time of publication , but we believe that this will apply only if additional deployments are announced or revealed .
we emphasis that the information available at press date may become out of date by the time of publication , but we believe that this will apply only if [more] deployments are announced or revealed .

He argues the need for : a written constitution which is compatible with the rule of law ; the separation of legislative , executive , and judicial power so that a system of checks and balances will be in place ; a bicameral legislature , to provide an additional check ; a federal system of government to protect against big , centralized government ; a bill of rights which will protect a sphere of private autonomy ; judicial review to ensure an effective mechanism of protection ; and specific limitations on legislative and administrative discretion .
he argues the need for : a written constitution which is compatible with the rule of law ; the separation of legislative , executive , and judicial power so that a system of checks and balances will be in place ; a bicameral legislature , to provide an [more] check ; a federal system of government to protect against big , centralized government ; a bill of rights which will protect a sphere of private autonomy ; judicial review to ensure an effective mechanism of protection ; and specific limitations on legislative and administrative discretion .

There are the resort hotels , which are seasonal and cater for holidaymakers , though many of these are now also providing facilities for large conferences and trade fairs , which gives them an additional form of income .
there are the resort hotels , which are seasonal and cater for holidaymakers , though many of these are now also providing facilities for large conferences and trade fairs , which gives them an [more] form of income .

If the unexpected happens and the hotel is completely full and they have overbooked then it is the responsibility of the hotel to find alternate accommodation of the same standard at another hotel for the overflow and bear any additional costs ( cf .
if the unexpected happens and the hotel is completely full and they have overbooked then it is the responsibility of the hotel to find alternate accommodation of the same standard at another hotel for the overflow and bear any [more] costs ( cf .

Attractive brochures illustrating all the additional facilities of the hotel , such as coffee bars , discos , saunas , swimming pools , tennis courts , golf courses , bars and restaurants are aimed at attracting the family .
attractive brochures illustrating all the [more] facilities of the hotel , such as coffee bars , discos , saunas , swimming pools , tennis courts , golf courses , bars and restaurants are aimed at attracting the family .

These generate paper traces that show additional features not obvious on auscultation , including the degree of variation of the heart rate and the shape of accelerations and decelerations of the heart rate .
these generate paper traces that show [more] features not obvious on auscultation , including the degree of variation of the heart rate and the shape of accelerations and decelerations of the heart rate .

There were additional factors with this family which compounded their inevitable distress , not least the subsequent diagnosis of Duchenne muscular dystrophy in an elder son , in whom signs of clinical abnormality had been recognised before the birth of his younger brother .
there were [more] factors with this family which compounded their inevitable distress , not least the subsequent diagnosis of duchenne muscular dystrophy in an elder son , in whom signs of clinical abnormality had been recognised before the birth of his younger brother .

Manual From these general groups a variety of additional categories have been identified :
manual from these general groups a variety of [more] categories have been identified :

Add the additional evidence , and a theme or goal of achievement , success and hard work could emerge .
add the [more] evidence , and a theme or goal of achievement , success and hard work could emerge .

Surplus junior posts were to be converted to consultant posts , with additional service work being met by the new staff grade and a small increase in the number of senior house officers .
surplus junior posts were to be converted to consultant posts , with [more] service work being met by the new staff grade and a small increase in the number of senior house officers .

If only one in 10 of those people cared for at home had instead to be looked after in residential institutions the additional public cost would exceed £1 billion a year .
if only one in 10 of those people cared for at home had instead to be looked after in residential institutions the [more] public cost would exceed £1 billion a year .

Two additional patients seen by the recruiting centre refused to participate because they had restarted treatment with animal insulin and would not take human insulin again .
two [more] patients seen by the recruiting centre refused to participate because they had restarted treatment with animal insulin and would not take human insulin again .

Endometriosis was the principal diagnosis in 142 women and an additional diagnosis in 171 .
endometriosis was the principal diagnosis in 142 women and an [more] diagnosis in 171 .

For example , uterine fibromyomata was the principal diagnosis in almost half ( 47 % ) of the women in whom endometriosis was an additional diagnosis .
for example , uterine fibromyomata was the principal diagnosis in almost half ( 47 % ) of the women in whom endometriosis was an [more] diagnosis .

Instead , additional user procedures may be introduced , existing user procedures may be amended , or data may be altered .
instead , [more] user procedures may be introduced , existing user procedures may be amended , or data may be altered .

Public opinion polls , furthermore , provided additional evidence of that ambiguity , showing that many Americans had negative attitudes towards big government , but by large majorities wished to preserve , if not extend , the ‘ service state ’ .
public opinion polls , furthermore , provided [more] evidence of that ambiguity , showing that many americans had negative attitudes towards big government , but by large majorities wished to preserve , if not extend , the ‘ service state ’ .

The major advantage of the new proposal , from Ivan 's point of view , was the additional revenue it would bring to the central treasury , for his offer was conditional on a steep rise in the rate of taxation .
the major advantage of the new proposal , from ivan 's point of view , was the [more] revenue it would bring to the central treasury , for his offer was conditional on a steep rise in the rate of taxation .

The other Great Reforms of the 1860s , affecting the judicial system , the press , and the universities , made little impact on the peasantry , and although they gained a minority voice on the new local government bodies ( the zemstva ) set up in 1864 , they viewed them as an additional burden rather than as a vehicle for their own interests .
the other great reforms of the 1860s , affecting the judicial system , the press , and the universities , made little impact on the peasantry , and although they gained a minority voice on the new local government bodies ( the zemstva ) set up in 1864 , they viewed them as an [more] burden rather than as a vehicle for their own interests .

Individuals who were expelled for political activity or failure to meet the fees — or simply for poor examination results — were given additional grounds for grievance , while the punishment of an entire college tended to strengthen student esprit de corps .
individuals who were expelled for political activity or failure to meet the fees — or simply for poor examination results — were given [more] grounds for grievance , while the punishment of an entire college tended to strengthen student esprit de corps .

The preamble to the rule advises the industry to expect an additional review of genetically engineered pesticides and the commercialization and marketing of foods .
the preamble to the rule advises the industry to expect an [more] review of genetically engineered pesticides and the commercialization and marketing of foods .

Additional government spending is particularly important in such areas as advanced wing design , air traffic management systems and low-cost manufacturing .
[more] government spending is particularly important in such areas as advanced wing design , air traffic management systems and low-cost manufacturing .

Similarly , inadequate information about the siting of the jetty at Rothera meant that it had to be redesigned and repositioned at a relatively late stage , at an additional cost of £2 million .
similarly , inadequate information about the siting of the jetty at rothera meant that it had to be redesigned and repositioned at a relatively late stage , at an [more] cost of £2 million .

The South African budget for this year gives university researchers less than they need to keep pace with inflation and allocates most of the additional spending on science to applied work in government laboratories , dashing hopes of a significant increase in university funding .
the south african budget for this year gives university researchers less than they need to keep pace with inflation and allocates most of the [more] spending on science to applied work in government laboratories , dashing hopes of a significant increase in university funding .

This includes providing additional services through primary care teams , negotiating for the provision of some outpatient services in practices , changing prescribing patterns to obtain better value for money , and using those hospitals that are prepared to deliver the standard of care specified by fundholders .
this includes providing [more] services through primary care teams , negotiating for the provision of some outpatient services in practices , changing prescribing patterns to obtain better value for money , and using those hospitals that are prepared to deliver the standard of care specified by fundholders .

For 1984–90 a comparison between the Northern region 's children 's register and the data collection study found no additional cases for Allerdale and Copeland , but for the rest of Cumbria seven were added to the register .
for 1984–90 a comparison between the northern region 's children 's register and the data collection study found no [more] cases for allerdale and copeland , but for the rest of cumbria seven were added to the register .

These two studies of the teaching of the project have been important in ensuring that the core elements of both projects were covered and have provided important additional information on the practicalities of teaching the projects and variability in actual classroom use .
these two studies of the teaching of the project have been important in ensuring that the core elements of both projects were covered and have provided important [more] information on the practicalities of teaching the projects and variability in actual classroom use .

Specific health education programmes at ages 10–12 ( for the family smoking education project ) or 12–13 ( for the smoking and me project ) may well be too late or offer no additional benefit to more general interventions at that age .
specific health education programmes at ages 10–12 ( for the family smoking education project ) or 12–13 ( for the smoking and me project ) may well be too late or offer no [more] benefit to more general interventions at that age .

After the guidelines were introduced there were 1582 fewer referrals for radiography and 223 additional referrals for ultrasonography from a registered population of 144 614 patients resulting in a potential saving of about £13 500 excluding ambulance costs .
after the guidelines were introduced there were 1582 fewer referrals for radiography and 223 [more] referrals for ultrasonography from a registered population of 144 614 patients resulting in a potential saving of about £13 500 excluding ambulance costs .

The above findings suggest there are some additional therapeutic strategies which may be of value in limiting the effects of phenylalanine .
the above findings suggest there are some [more] therapeutic strategies which may be of value in limiting the effects of phenylalanine .

From latitudes such as that of Britain , there is the additional complication that the altitude is always very low .
from latitudes such as that of britain , there is the [more] complication that the altitude is always very low .

In these sectors the organization of Japanese industry into loosely affiliated groups provides additional sources of protection for large firms .
in these sectors the organization of japanese industry into loosely affiliated groups provides [more] sources of protection for large firms .

Until the mid-1970s , additional equity finance was obtained through rights issues to existing stockholders at par rather than market share values making this a less attractive option for corporate borrowers .
until the mid-1970s , [more] equity finance was obtained through rights issues to existing stockholders at par rather than market share values making this a less attractive option for corporate borrowers .

The system must provide for partly entered text to be recalled for additional input .
the system must provide for partly entered text to be recalled for [more] input .

As a user requires an additional allocation of a resource the system manager should be able to authorize this and inform the system of the new limits .
as a user requires an [more] allocation of a resource the system manager should be able to authorize this and inform the system of the new limits .

Note that only some of the additional text rows created by lexicographic activity in the Working-Set are copied back to the Main Database .
note that only some of the [more] text rows created by lexicographic activity in the working-set are copied back to the main database .

When the contents of the database are written to tape for back-up purposes , the previous generation of tapes will be taken off-site to provide additional security .
when the contents of the database are written to tape for back-up purposes , the previous generation of tapes will be taken off-site to provide [more] security .

Additional versions are created when text is modified by either automatic or manual ( editorial ) processes .
[more] versions are created when text is modified by either automatic or manual ( editorial ) processes .

Additional reports e.g. showing approved entries and responsible lexicographer , will be produced within one working day when required .
[more] reports e.g. showing approved entries and responsible lexicographer , will be produced within one working day when required .

It is anticipated that the logs have sufficient capacity and the transfers will be sufficiently frequent that the need for additional image copies will be obviated .
it is anticipated that the logs have sufficient capacity and the transfers will be sufficiently frequent that the need for [more] image copies will be obviated .

Some additional space will be required for proofing .
some [more] space will be required for proofing .

Additional resource will be used to provide support for lexicographers and to service various lexicographer requests .
[more] resource will be used to provide support for lexicographers and to service various lexicographer requests .

An additional problem is that the resource requirements for the necessary development work may result in a degraded service to lexicographers and may displace the interactive work of lexicographers from time to time .
an [more] problem is that the resource requirements for the necessary development work may result in a degraded service to lexicographers and may displace the interactive work of lexicographers from time to time .

There are no significant additional demands on the input-output sub-system arising from use of the Working-Set above those already identified .
there are no significant [more] demands on the input-output sub-system arising from use of the working-set above those already identified .

There are no significant additional demands on the input-output sub-system arising from the control of memory above those already identified .
there are no significant [more] demands on the input-output sub-system arising from the control of memory above those already identified .

Additional Lexicographers , Workload Remaining the Same
[more] lexicographers , workload remaining the same

Longer and more erratic system responses will result from the addition of new lexicographers because of the additional memory requirement .
longer and more erratic system responses will result from the addition of new lexicographers because of the [more] memory requirement .

Effect of Additional Workload
effect of [more] workload

It is therefore not considered necessary to provide an additional process for regular checking of data currency during production .
it is therefore not considered necessary to provide an [more] process for regular checking of data currency during production .

( c ) those which require special additional hardware .
( c ) those which require special [more] hardware .

However , on a given range of machines the necessary additional routines can be installed and linked by the program which requires them ( ie , the teaching unit program ) , so such programs can be run with standard software on standard systems , with the added complexity being transparent to the user .
however , on a given range of machines the necessary [more] routines can be installed and linked by the program which requires them ( ie , the teaching unit program ) , so such programs can be run with standard software on standard systems , with the added complexity being transparent to the user .

The most common additional device is the cassette recorder , which allows a limited form of input and storage of data files , though this feature is provided much more quickly and efficiently by disc units .
the most common [more] device is the cassette recorder , which allows a limited form of input and storage of data files , though this feature is provided much more quickly and efficiently by disc units .

( iii ) The addition of non-standard do-it-yourself devices can obviously provide a wide range of spectacular additional facilities , but ( except in the unlikely event of the program designers and programmers being in a position to market the additional hardware device with the program ) the use of such devices is impractical for any program intended for use in a range of establishments .
( iii ) the addition of non-standard do-it-yourself devices can obviously provide a wide range of spectacular [more] facilities , but ( except in the unlikely event of the program designers and programmers being in a position to market the [more] hardware device with the program ) the use of such devices is impractical for any program intended for use in a range of establishments .

In particular , any special or complex routine , or routine involving additional software routines in machine code or hardware devices , should be explained in great detail .
in particular , any special or complex routine , or routine involving [more] software routines in machine code or hardware devices , should be explained in great detail .

In particular , programs using graphics or requiring additional software routines or hardware devices will be difficult in this respect , and the programmer must cater for any intended transfer from the outset by establishing common features such as a compatible screen grid-size and compatible device characteristics .
in particular , programs using graphics or requiring [more] software routines or hardware devices will be difficult in this respect , and the programmer must cater for any intended transfer from the outset by establishing common features such as a compatible screen grid-size and compatible device characteristics .

Is the pupil engaged in task-related behaviour additional to the specific instructions given ( directly or indirectly ) ( a ) by the computer , ( b ) by the teacher ?
is the pupil engaged in task-related behaviour [more] to the specific instructions given ( directly or indirectly ) ( a ) by the computer , ( b ) by the teacher ?

An additional set of floating.point instructions is sometimes provided which does not post-normalize the result of an operation .
an [more] set of floating.point instructions is sometimes provided which does not post-normalize the result of an operation .

Most of the learning that occurs does so spontaneously , as problems arise in everyday activities and are resolved , often with the help of an adult , who provides an additional resource of skill and knowledge .
most of the learning that occurs does so spontaneously , as problems arise in everyday activities and are resolved , often with the help of an adult , who provides an [more] resource of skill and knowledge .

Two additional factors , idea density and word diversity , accounted for a small but noteworthy proportion of difficulty .
two [more] factors , idea density and word diversity , accounted for a small but noteworthy proportion of difficulty .

It is usually possible for the teacher to type in a list of words so that the game can be aimed at a specific child , providing additional experience of words that may be giving difficulty .
it is usually possible for the teacher to type in a list of words so that the game can be aimed at a specific child , providing [more] experience of words that may be giving difficulty .

One woman explained that before she was married , she would be sent into the capital city `` to look for domestic work when the harvest had been poor or some additional expense , such as medicine or a funeral , had to be covered .
one woman explained that before she was married , she would be sent into the capital city `` to look for domestic work when the harvest had been poor or some [more] expense , such as medicine or a funeral , had to be covered .

The Lepismatidae have acquired an additional anterior articulation which , with other changes , enables the mandible to move by adduction and abduction in the transverse plane rather as it does in most mandibulate Pterygotes .
the lepismatidae have acquired an [more] anterior articulation which , with other changes , enables the mandible to move by adduction and abduction in the transverse plane rather as it does in most mandibulate pterygotes .

These direct muscles also cause pronation and supination of the wings while the dorsoventral indirect flight-muscles also have an additional role as promotors and remotors of the legs .
these direct muscles also cause pronation and supination of the wings while the dorsoventral indirect flight-muscles also have an [more] role as promotors and remotors of the legs .

In the meso- and metathorax an additional pair of nerves is present and controls the movements of the wings .
in the meso- and metathorax an [more] pair of nerves is present and controls the movements of the wings .

Oral presentation places an additional load on the memory in mental tasks which was found to be only partly ameliorated by supplying the numbers or other information required to answer the questions .
oral presentation places an [more] load on the memory in mental tasks which was found to be only partly ameliorated by supplying the numbers or other information required to answer the questions .

However , in some instances an order of difficulty is suggested , for example , because one criterion includes an additional step in the working as compared with another .
however , in some instances an order of difficulty is suggested , for example , because one criterion includes an [more] step in the working as compared with another .

In such cases , pupils would automatically gain additional experience and practice with more basic skills and knowledge , but , as has already been noted , not all basic tasks can be directly related to higher order ones .
in such cases , pupils would automatically gain [more] experience and practice with more basic skills and knowledge , but , as has already been noted , not all basic tasks can be directly related to higher order ones .

That is , there is an additional type of condition which obtains when the wipers start-not ten in all but eleven .
that is , there is an [more] type of condition which obtains when the wipers start-not ten in all but eleven .

An additional factor to be taken into account was added by the case of Air Canada v. Secretary of State ( No .
an [more] factor to be taken into account was added by the case of air canada v. secretary of state ( no .

The police officer has additional powers of arrest .
the police officer has [more] powers of arrest .

The Code provides additional safeguards for juveniles , mentally handicapped persons , the deaf and those who can not speak or understand English .
the code provides [more] safeguards for juveniles , mentally handicapped persons , the deaf and those who can not speak or understand english .

An additional power is given by section 8 which allows an application to be made to a magistrate for a warrant to search for evidence of a serious arrestable offence .
an [more] power is given by section 8 which allows an application to be made to a magistrate for a warrant to search for evidence of a serious arrestable offence .

The Northumbria decision appears to provide the Home Secretary with additional power under the prerogative to take whatever action is reasonably necessary to preserve the peace of the realm .
the northumbria decision appears to provide the home secretary with [more] power under the prerogative to take whatever action is reasonably necessary to preserve the peace of the realm .

Rather it is an additional line of argument in cases where reliance is being placed on the fact that the decision is unreasonable or that irrelevant considerations have been taken into account .
rather it is an [more] line of argument in cases where reliance is being placed on the fact that the decision is unreasonable or that irrelevant considerations have been taken into account .

However , no complete account has been preserved in an Egyptian text , although plenty of references and additional and varying details are found in Egyptian religious writings and monumental inscriptions .
however , no complete account has been preserved in an egyptian text , although plenty of references and [more] and varying details are found in egyptian religious writings and monumental inscriptions .

The domestic water supply should be checked to determine whether it requires additional treatment before use .
the domestic water supply should be checked to determine whether it requires [more] treatment before use .

Some additional information has emerged but , unfortunately , mouse chromosomes have not responded well to the high resolution techniques developed for human chromosomes and it is only recently that a higher resolution idiogram has been published ( 14 ) .
some [more] information has emerged but , unfortunately , mouse chromosomes have not responded well to the high resolution techniques developed for human chromosomes and it is only recently that a higher resolution idiogram has been published ( 14 ) .

The G-banded karyotype has many uses which include , for example , the identification of absent , additional or aberrant chromosomes , the identification of balanced and unbalanced chromosome segments alter meiotic segregation and for the linear placement of loci on the chromosome either following in situ hybridization ( 5,6 ) , or by traditional genetic methods using marker genes , linkage and translocation breakpoints .
the g-banded karyotype has many uses which include , for example , the identification of absent , [more] or aberrant chromosomes , the identification of balanced and unbalanced chromosome segments alter meiotic segregation and for the linear placement of loci on the chromosome either following in situ hybridization ( 5,6 ) , or by traditional genetic methods using marker genes , linkage and translocation breakpoints .

Additional letters
[more] letters

But the mood did not last long : `` rat `` labour was soon in town , attracted by the comparatively high wages , combined with the lower cost of living , and the additional inducement of three-month contracts offered by some employers .
but the mood did not last long : `` rat `` labour was soon in town , attracted by the comparatively high wages , combined with the lower cost of living , and the [more] inducement of three-month contracts offered by some employers .

At a general meeting held on the evening of 13 February , it was reported that there were 475 non-union journeymen at work in Edinburgh and that `` additional hands were daily arriving `` .
at a general meeting held on the evening of 13 february , it was reported that there were 475 non-union journeymen at work in edinburgh and that `` [more] hands were daily arriving `` .

Florence Nightingale considered lack of sleep to be an unnecessary additional discomfort for the sick and stressed the importance of environmental factors — some within and others outside the control of the nurse .
florence nightingale considered lack of sleep to be an unnecessary [more] discomfort for the sick and stressed the importance of environmental factors — some within and others outside the control of the nurse .

She and sister agreed that Mr Brown would need additional help .
she and sister agreed that mr brown would need [more] help .

Increased finance , additional staff and the integration of public and educational library services on a divisional basis contributed to these developments .
increased finance , [more] staff and the integration of public and educational library services on a divisional basis contributed to these developments .

Those schools which had built up a good resource collection appeared to have allocated additional capitation to the school library or to have raised extra funds from other sources .
those schools which had built up a good resource collection appeared to have allocated [more] capitation to the school library or to have raised extra funds from other sources .

An additional factor was the advent of an `` executive officer `` or `` library manager `` , for the library .
an [more] factor was the advent of an `` executive officer `` or `` library manager `` , for the library .

Key members of staff seemed ignorant of precisely how much funding had been received and the librarian herself , while delighted by additional funds , was unaware that the school had participated in a county project .
key members of staff seemed ignorant of precisely how much funding had been received and the librarian herself , while delighted by [more] funds , was unaware that the school had participated in a county project .

It may also provide the opportunity for you to be seconded to industry to receive additional in-service training , perhaps on an industrial management course .
it may also provide the opportunity for you to be seconded to industry to receive [more] in-service training , perhaps on an industrial management course .

It is likely that this money will help to fund administration costs , post and telephone , establishment of data bases , salaries and publicity , as well as additional funding for schools .
it is likely that this money will help to fund administration costs , post and telephone , establishment of data bases , salaries and publicity , as well as [more] funding for schools .

Does the authority have a sympathetic approach to those who require additional time off for domestic reasons ?
does the authority have a sympathetic approach to those who require [more] time off for domestic reasons ?

Nurses of the same grade may possess different skills and thus each ward/department must identify its specific skill requirements It may be necessary to employ nurses who have undergone further training or gained additional skills through experience .
nurses of the same grade may possess different skills and thus each ward/department must identify its specific skill requirements it may be necessary to employ nurses who have undergone further training or gained [more] skills through experience .

This exercise is a refinement of the one carried out for the whole district in that it takes more account of local needs and provides additional information over and above the grades of staff required .
this exercise is a refinement of the one carried out for the whole district in that it takes more account of local needs and provides [more] information over and above the grades of staff required .

Managers determine staff numbers required possessing additional skills fur the unit .
managers determine staff numbers required possessing [more] skills fur the unit .

The manager calculates the number of additional hours required to meet the periods of peak workload .
the manager calculates the number of [more] hours required to meet the periods of peak workload .

In the event of a sudden shortfall in staffing levels , the agreement of sonic staff members to work additional hours may be needed .
in the event of a sudden shortfall in staffing levels , the agreement of sonic staff members to work [more] hours may be needed .

Staff willing to work additional hours beyond those for which they are contracted should be identified .
staff willing to work [more] hours beyond those for which they are contracted should be identified .

The need for additional staff should be identified at the earliest opportunity after consideration of alternative means of meeting the shortfall .
the need for [more] staff should be identified at the earliest opportunity after consideration of alternative means of meeting the shortfall .

Inevitably this will not always be possible but reduction in portering or domestic staff will result in additional burdens for nurses who should be giving their attentions to patient care .
inevitably this will not always be possible but reduction in portering or domestic staff will result in [more] burdens for nurses who should be giving their attentions to patient care .

* As far as possible , the impact of a new appointment should be assessed and provided for in financial terms , thus enabling , where necessary , additional staff to be appointed .
* as far as possible , the impact of a new appointment should be assessed and provided for in financial terms , thus enabling , where necessary , [more] staff to be appointed .

When planning for the appointment of either additional or replacement medical staff , the manager should have the opportunity to assess the nursing consequences of the appointment .
when planning for the appointment of either [more] or replacement medical staff , the manager should have the opportunity to assess the nursing consequences of the appointment .

The nurse adviser to the Health Authority should seek additional funds to meet developments in clinical activity .
the nurse adviser to the health authority should seek [more] funds to meet developments in clinical activity .

Consumers still have to compare prices in 12 currencies , because squabbles about whether the ecu is to be Europe 's sole currency or an additional one are limiting its use .
consumers still have to compare prices in 12 currencies , because squabbles about whether the ecu is to be europe 's sole currency or an [more] one are limiting its use .

Parents of young children , with so many other calls on their time and affections , might find it harder to cope with a difficult infant , to integrate her or him into the family — while resentful siblings could cause additional strain .
parents of young children , with so many other calls on their time and affections , might find it harder to cope with a difficult infant , to integrate her or him into the family — while resentful siblings could cause [more] strain .

The very ‘ solid ’ cabinet of the 103/4 is made largely of particle board but has an additional panel of computer-routed , grey-painted Medite applied on top of it to form a slightly proud baffle area .
the very ‘ solid ’ cabinet of the 103/4 is made largely of particle board but has an [more] panel of computer-routed , grey-painted medite applied on top of it to form a slightly proud baffle area .

In 1889 , the counties were given additional responsibilities and subsequently the four largest cities became counties of cities — the equivalent of the English county boroughs .
in 1889 , the counties were given [more] responsibilities and subsequently the four largest cities became counties of cities — the equivalent of the english county boroughs .

None of the other titles such as ‘ borough ’ , ‘ city ’ or ‘ town ’ convey any additional powers or responsibilities .
none of the other titles such as ‘ borough ’ , ‘ city ’ or ‘ town ’ convey any [more] powers or responsibilities .

An increase in the number of children born , for example , will create an additional demand for education .
an increase in the number of children born , for example , will create an [more] demand for education .

The code of practice for the former District Audit Service referred to four additional responsibilities .
the code of practice for the former district audit service referred to four [more] responsibilities .

Local government services for black people had been developed in the context of urban deprivation ( page 218 ) with the implication that black people constituted a ‘ problem ’ requiring additional specific provision such as language tuition .
local government services for black people had been developed in the context of urban deprivation ( page 218 ) with the implication that black people constituted a ‘ problem ’ requiring [more] specific provision such as language tuition .

the proportion of any additional earnings that are taxed , those on below-average incomes may in fact suffer a rate higher than those on incomes in excess of £17,200 .
the proportion of any [more] earnings that are taxed , those on below-average incomes may in fact suffer a rate higher than those on incomes in excess of £17,200 .

Although the entrance was less dangerous there was an additional hazard — a power cut had extinguished the leading lights needed to enter — but car headlights were used to guide the lifeboat in to land the survivors .
although the entrance was less dangerous there was an [more] hazard — a power cut had extinguished the leading lights needed to enter — but car headlights were used to guide the lifeboat in to land the survivors .

Apart from perturbation in Washington concerning the uncertain consequences of border clashes , the political and economic situation in South Korea gave rise to additional anxiety .
apart from perturbation in washington concerning the uncertain consequences of border clashes , the political and economic situation in south korea gave rise to [more] anxiety .

For 30 per cent this would be for the first time , yet almost half our sample are installing an additional or replacement shower .
for 30 per cent this would be for the first time , yet almost half our sample are installing an [more] or replacement shower .

This year 's visitors will , however , find an additional attraction .
this year 's visitors will , however , find an [more] attraction .

But , though it may have perfected the art of crisis management through long necessity , it will have to face some additional strains in the next few years .
but , though it may have perfected the art of crisis management through long necessity , it will have to face some [more] strains in the next few years .

While such data should help to concentrate managers 's minds on the need to improve efficiency , the paperwork generated by putting the business out to tender and negotiating on the replies is a significant additional burden .
while such data should help to concentrate managers 's minds on the need to improve efficiency , the paperwork generated by putting the business out to tender and negotiating on the replies is a significant [more] burden .

The West and East Midlands housed an additional 335,000 and 212,000 by the end of the decade .
the west and east midlands housed an [more] 335,000 and 212,000 by the end of the decade .

The chances of going on to an additional baby from a given family size ( ‘ parity progression ratios ’ ) can be calculated from past data for women who have completed their families .
the chances of going on to an [more] baby from a given family size ( ‘ parity progression ratios ’ ) can be calculated from past data for women who have completed their families .

But since 1961 a question has been asked to list all educational qualifications , and the General Household Survey and the cohort studies now provide additional information .
but since 1961 a question has been asked to list all educational qualifications , and the general household survey and the cohort studies now provide [more] information .

Any additional pressure on the lips repeats this and moisturiser is released slowly .
any [more] pressure on the lips repeats this and moisturiser is released slowly .

Rauraje Deshprabhu will fix any of your local needs , and additional airline tickets .
rauraje deshprabhu will fix any of your local needs , and [more] airline tickets .

If your special request can only be met at an additional cost , that cost will either be invoiced to you prior to the departure or should be paid for by you locally whilst abroad .
if your special request can only be met at an [more] cost , that cost will either be invoiced to you prior to the departure or should be paid for by you locally whilst abroad .

If any additional charge , outside of our Price Guarantee , becomes applicable , a revised invoice will be sent to you showing the charge .
if any [more] charge , outside of our price guarantee , becomes applicable , a revised invoice will be sent to you showing the charge .

For any bookings received from overseas , an additional booking fee of £20 per person applies to cover the considerably increased communication costs involved .
for any bookings received from overseas , an [more] booking fee of £20 per person applies to cover the considerably increased communication costs involved .

If any additional cost is applicable it will either be invoiced to you prior to departure or should be paid for locally in resort .
if any [more] cost is applicable it will either be invoiced to you prior to departure or should be paid for locally in resort .

— Up to £100 for reasonable additional hotel and travelling expenses .
— up to £100 for reasonable [more] hotel and travelling expenses .

We discussed evidence for Jesus as king in our previous book , but additional material must be presented and emphasised here .
we discussed evidence for jesus as king in our previous book , but [more] material must be presented and emphasised here .

If John had been of the same family as Jesus , moreover , his ‘ seal of approval ’ would have carried the additional authority of a royal warrant .
if john had been of the same family as jesus , moreover , his ‘ seal of approval ’ would have carried the [more] authority of a royal warrant .

There were also , of course , later accretions , later developments and modifications , later amalgamations with other doctrines , and these engendered a plethora of additional names — Gnostic , Manichaean , Sabean , Mandaean , Nestorian , Elkasaite .
there were also , of course , later accretions , later developments and modifications , later amalgamations with other doctrines , and these engendered a plethora of [more] names — gnostic , manichaean , sabean , mandaean , nestorian , elkasaite .

Additional material from Theodore turns up in other Irish manuscripts , dating from the eighth century , the ninth century and , in one case , from the late tenth century — more than four hundred years after Theodore was condemned .
[more] material from theodore turns up in other irish manuscripts , dating from the eighth century , the ninth century and , in one case , from the late tenth century — more than four hundred years after theodore was condemned .

And surviving missals and other documents of the Celtic Church prove to be riddled with excerpts from Judaic apocryphal books and additional texts which had long and rigorously been forbidden by Rome .
and surviving missals and other documents of the celtic church prove to be riddled with excerpts from judaic apocryphal books and [more] texts which had long and rigorously been forbidden by rome .

Additional information about clients ' social characteristics ( for example , marital status ) and drug-using behaviour ( for example , method of use ) was also collected from agencies which routinely recorded such details , namely GPs , the Drugs Council , and the Detoxification Unit .
[more] information about clients ' social characteristics ( for example , marital status ) and drug-using behaviour ( for example , method of use ) was also collected from agencies which routinely recorded such details , namely gps , the drugs council , and the detoxification unit .

The second prevalence survey employed eight indicator agencies : six of the ten agencies used in the first survey ( Home Office , police , probation service , Detoxification Unit , Drugs Council , and Education Department ) and two additional agencies , the Wirral Committee on Solvent Abuse , and the Society for Biophysical Medicine .
the second prevalence survey employed eight indicator agencies : six of the ten agencies used in the first survey ( home office , police , probation service , detoxification unit , drugs council , and education department ) and two [more] agencies , the wirral committee on solvent abuse , and the society for biophysical medicine .

It is believed that substantial numbers of ‘ additional ’ known drug users may have been ‘ missed ’ only in the case of GPs ( to whom 124 problem drug users were known exclusively in the first survey ) .
it is believed that substantial numbers of ‘ [more] ’ known drug users may have been ‘ missed ’ only in the case of gps ( to whom 124 problem drug users were known exclusively in the first survey ) .

The importance of systematic observation and empirical study is underlined by the additional need to monitor the changing characteristics of drug users , particularly the geographical areas and social groups in which new users appear , and the popularity of injection as a method of using heroin and other drugs .
the importance of systematic observation and empirical study is underlined by the [more] need to monitor the changing characteristics of drug users , particularly the geographical areas and social groups in which new users appear , and the popularity of injection as a method of using heroin and other drugs .

An additional important facilitating factor , although not specific to Wirral , was the possibility of smoking heroin , ‘ chasing the dragon ’ .
an [more] important facilitating factor , although not specific to wirral , was the possibility of smoking heroin , ‘ chasing the dragon ’ .

An additional problem for those on methadone arose when they tried to ‘ cash in ’ their prescriptions .
an [more] problem for those on methadone arose when they tried to ‘ cash in ’ their prescriptions .

However , given that in our earlier prevalence study the township of residence of 173 users was not known , and assuming an intermediate ratio of 3:1 for these users , we can calculate that there are an additional 692 users .
however , given that in our earlier prevalence study the township of residence of 173 users was not known , and assuming an intermediate ratio of 3:1 for these users , we can calculate that there are an [more] 692 users .

Similar protests were made by Japan , France and the United Kingdom , the last-named making the additional point that the uniformity which was the hope of the authors of the Convention would be frustrated if it were subject to the inconsistencies between the service rules of 50 different States .
similar protests were made by japan , france and the united kingdom , the last-named making the [more] point that the uniformity which was the hope of the authors of the convention would be frustrated if it were subject to the inconsistencies between the service rules of 50 different states .

Each Contracting State must establish a Central Authority , and there is freedom to designate additional ‘ other authorities ’ or , in the case of federal States , more than one Central Authority .
each contracting state must establish a central authority , and there is freedom to designate [more] ‘ other authorities ’ or , in the case of federal states , more than one central authority .

The Commission again urged adoption of that language or language based on Article 16 of the additional Protocol 1984 to the Inter-American Convention on the Taking of Evidence Abroad .
the commission again urged adoption of that language or language based on article 16 of the [more] protocol 1984 to the inter-american convention on the taking of evidence abroad .

In that judgment , Stivoro was asked to produce additional evidence in connection with certain aspects of the campaign .
in that judgment , stivoro was asked to produce [more] evidence in connection with certain aspects of the campaign .

The quality of the additional research was such that the tobacco manufacturers informed Stivoro that they wanted to drop the lawsuit .
the quality of the [more] research was such that the tobacco manufacturers informed stivoro that they wanted to drop the lawsuit .

With this in mind members of the schemes operated by the University who can not achieve 40 years ’ pensionable/reckonable service should consider the possibility of making Additional Voluntary Contributions to improve their retirement benefits .
with this in mind members of the schemes operated by the university who can not achieve 40 years ’ pensionable/reckonable service should consider the possibility of making [more] voluntary contributions to improve their retirement benefits .

In the short term , disappointment at this result may be tempered by the knowledge that we do not yet have the burden of the large numbers of additional students already taken by some of the immediate winners in this competition .
in the short term , disappointment at this result may be tempered by the knowledge that we do not yet have the burden of the large numbers of [more] students already taken by some of the immediate winners in this competition .

The failure to win additional numbers for the expansion we have achieved is a clear indication of that movement .
the failure to win [more] numbers for the expansion we have achieved is a clear indication of that movement .

For those older people with an income below a defined level additional pensions are payable .
for those older people with an income below a defined level [more] pensions are payable .

There is an additional problem which centres upon the choice of the disability prevalence used for projection .
there is an [more] problem which centres upon the choice of the disability prevalence used for projection .

Yet this , too , is often seen not as a value but as an additional reason for not taking the genre seriously .
yet this , too , is often seen not as a value but as an [more] reason for not taking the genre seriously .

Bar and catering on board ( at additional cost )
bar and catering on board ( at [more] cost )

But some symbols acquire their additional semantic properties from some characteristic they have as actions or things .
but some symbols acquire their [more] semantic properties from some characteristic they have as actions or things .

However , once a number of additional begging letters — requests for interviews — were sent , it became apparent that there were a substantial number of Diana 's ‘ inner circle ’ who felt it was time to set her record straight .
however , once a number of [more] begging letters — requests for interviews — were sent , it became apparent that there were a substantial number of diana 's ‘ inner circle ’ who felt it was time to set her record straight .

Please refer to the ‘ Deposit ’ information for additional booking details .
please refer to the ‘ deposit ’ information for [more] booking details .

Any extras — drinks , additional meals , etc. — and the cost of any extension of stay must be paid in full direct to the hotel before the end of your stay .
any extras — drinks , [more] meals , etc. — and the cost of any extension of stay must be paid in full direct to the hotel before the end of your stay .

Please note that individual hotels , guest houses and selfcatering establishments have the right to vary the conditions outlined here and/or impose additional conditions , provided them inform you of such conditions before they accept your booking .
please note that individual hotels , guest houses and selfcatering establishments have the right to vary the conditions outlined here and/or impose [more] conditions , provided them inform you of such conditions before they accept your booking .

Manne finds it hard to understand why it is unfair , or unjust , or immoral to allow a voluntary arrangement in which individuals are given additional incentives to produce more of a valuable commodity by being allowed to share in the new value of the commodity they produce .
manne finds it hard to understand why it is unfair , or unjust , or immoral to allow a voluntary arrangement in which individuals are given [more] incentives to produce more of a valuable commodity by being allowed to share in the new value of the commodity they produce .

The reason is this : a large proportion of people who exploit new information do not buy additional stock ; instead , they simply do not sell .
the reason is this : a large proportion of people who exploit new information do not buy [more] stock ; instead , they simply do not sell .

An additional bed is available at a supplement .
an [more] bed is available at a supplement .

Archery , sauna , table tennis , Italian bowls , basket and volley ball are all to be available at no additional charge and tennis courts , swimming lessons , wind-surfing boards , sailing boats and bicycles will be available for a supplement .
archery , sauna , table tennis , italian bowls , basket and volley ball are all to be available at no [more] charge and tennis courts , swimming lessons , wind-surfing boards , sailing boats and bicycles will be available for a supplement .

This property is personally run by Signor Frank and additional facilities offered include a lift up to the simple bedrooms , and room service .
this property is personally run by signor frank and [more] facilities offered include a lift up to the simple bedrooms , and room service .

There is an additional 10,000 Lire a day charge for heating , if used ( payable locally ) .
there is an [more] 10,000 lire a day charge for heating , if used ( payable locally ) .

Knowledge of the immunohistological profile of a metastatic tumour can be used to determine which patients should receive additional investigations .
knowledge of the immunohistological profile of a metastatic tumour can be used to determine which patients should receive [more] investigations .

However , additional genetic or environmental factors leading to more severely impaired β cell function are likely to be necessary for the development of non-insulin dependent diabetes .
however , [more] genetic or environmental factors leading to more severely impaired β cell function are likely to be necessary for the development of non-insulin dependent diabetes .

Doctors elected to the general practice executive committee will have additional purchasing responsibilities .
doctors elected to the general practice executive committee will have [more] purchasing responsibilities .

Additional London weighting for cost rent schemes
[more] london weighting for cost rent schemes

In a study of 50 such patients in the United States 15 developed new symptoms and some acquired additional ‘ sensitivities ’ during two years of treatment of their environmental illness by clinical ecologists .
in a study of 50 such patients in the united states 15 developed new symptoms and some acquired [more] ‘ sensitivities ’ during two years of treatment of their environmental illness by clinical ecologists .

To ensure the safety of Parasene butane fuelled blowlamps , every blowlamp is ‘ burn-tested ’ before it leaves the Halesowen factory , and is an additional safety feature , all three sizes of Parasene butane gas cartridges are fitted with special twin-walled safety valves .
to ensure the safety of parasene butane fuelled blowlamps , every blowlamp is ‘ burn-tested ’ before it leaves the halesowen factory , and is an [more] safety feature , all three sizes of parasene butane gas cartridges are fitted with special twin-walled safety valves .

Magnet 's additional drawers , interior mirrors , tie racks and show rails are optional extras
magnet 's [more] drawers , interior mirrors , tie racks and show rails are optional extras

The rail can be cut with a hacksaw to fit exactly in the space available , and matching end brackets are simply screwed to the side wall or panel , or suspended from the frame ( additional hanging supports are required for long rails ) .
the rail can be cut with a hacksaw to fit exactly in the space available , and matching end brackets are simply screwed to the side wall or panel , or suspended from the frame ( [more] hanging supports are required for long rails ) .

It is obvious , therefore , that to prevent noise entering your house , you need additional weight at the point of entry ; and to prevent the noise you make echoing around the house , you need soft linings in the room where the sounds are generated .
it is obvious , therefore , that to prevent noise entering your house , you need [more] weight at the point of entry ; and to prevent the noise you make echoing around the house , you need soft linings in the room where the sounds are generated .

Under the Fund 's ordinary facilities members may purchase additional foreign currencies , but only if they accept increasing restrictions upon their domestic policies .
under the fund 's ordinary facilities members may purchase [more] foreign currencies , but only if they accept increasing restrictions upon their domestic policies .

An additional consideration is that the adjustment process prior to floating was influenced by the one-way nature of speculative flows .
an [more] consideration is that the adjustment process prior to floating was influenced by the one-way nature of speculative flows .

The Fund 's normal facilities were insufficient to meet the new demands , and so additional resources have been made available .
the fund 's normal facilities were insufficient to meet the new demands , and so [more] resources have been made available .

Despite the greater emphasis on additional facilities , it has been necessary for the ordinary financing arrangements to be enlarged by regular increases in quotas .
despite the greater emphasis on [more] facilities , it has been necessary for the ordinary financing arrangements to be enlarged by regular increases in quotas .

Suppose the government spends an additional £100 million on the construction of a new motorway .
suppose the government spends an [more] £100 million on the construction of a new motorway .

Let us suppose that the proportion of any additional income absorbed as leakages is 0.6 .
let us suppose that the proportion of any [more] income absorbed as leakages is 0.6 .

Therefore £60 million of the additional income will be channelled into taxation , saving , and imports , with the remaining £40 million being spent on consumer goods and services produced in the domestic economy .
therefore £60 million of the [more] income will be channelled into taxation , saving , and imports , with the remaining £40 million being spent on consumer goods and services produced in the domestic economy .

This extra consumers ' expenditure will give rise to additional income of £40 million in those domestic industries producing the required goods and services .
this extra consumers ' expenditure will give rise to [more] income of £40 million in those domestic industries producing the required goods and services .

Again some proportion ( 60 per cent ) of this additional income will leak from the circular flow while the remainder is passed on as extra consumers ' expenditure on domestic goods and services .
again some proportion ( 60 per cent ) of this [more] income will leak from the circular flow while the remainder is passed on as extra consumers ' expenditure on domestic goods and services .

This time £24 million ( £40 million × 0.6 ) will be absorbed in leakages and £16 million will be received as additional income in the circular flow .
this time £24 million ( £40 million × 0.6 ) will be absorbed in leakages and £16 million will be received as [more] income in the circular flow .

If we retain the assumption that leakages constitute 60 per cent of additional income , then a multiplier of 1.67 would apply to the increase in exports .
if we retain the assumption that leakages constitute 60 per cent of [more] income , then a multiplier of 1.67 would apply to the increase in exports .

The multiplier process would apply to additional investment expenditures also , but with both exports and investment expenditures the government has little direct control over the size of these flows .
the multiplier process would apply to [more] investment expenditures also , but with both exports and investment expenditures the government has little direct control over the size of these flows .

If an increase in national income is the result of an increase in the quantity of goods and services produced , then we would expect the level of employment to rise as more people are employed in the production of additional output .
if an increase in national income is the result of an increase in the quantity of goods and services produced , then we would expect the level of employment to rise as more people are employed in the production of [more] output .

Thus part of the expense of an increase in government expenditure will be met by additional taxation receipts as national income and expenditure rise to higher levels than previously .
thus part of the expense of an increase in government expenditure will be met by [more] taxation receipts as national income and expenditure rise to higher levels than previously .

Additional policies may be required to complement fiscal policy if the government is to have a better chance of achieving its various objectives .
[more] policies may be required to complement fiscal policy if the government is to have a better chance of achieving its various objectives .

Accordingly the man in our example may prefer to keep an additional fraction of his income as money balances in excess of his transactions demand , just in case something unexpected happens which necessitates immediate expenditure .
accordingly the man in our example may prefer to keep an [more] fraction of his income as money balances in excess of his transactions demand , just in case something unexpected happens which necessitates immediate expenditure .

Our earlier discussion suggests that : ( a ) a trade-off might need to be established between these two objectives , and ( b ) additional policy tools might need to be used to achieve a more desirable combination of objectives .
our earlier discussion suggests that : ( a ) a trade-off might need to be established between these two objectives , and ( b ) [more] policy tools might need to be used to achieve a more desirable combination of objectives .

In case ( b ) , the availability of additional policy tools for the achievement of balance of payments equilibrium was limited .
in case ( b ) , the availability of [more] policy tools for the achievement of balance of payments equilibrium was limited .

Additional reading
[more] reading

It was only when the war created new economic and social needs and highlighted existing problems that a universal scheme of family allowances gained sufficient additional support to be accepted and implemented .
it was only when the war created new economic and social needs and highlighted existing problems that a universal scheme of family allowances gained sufficient [more] support to be accepted and implemented .

Additional reading
[more] reading

For example , married women who contributed fully in order to claim a retirement pension had to satisfy additional tests ( Land , 1976 ) .
for example , married women who contributed fully in order to claim a retirement pension had to satisfy [more] tests ( land , 1976 ) .

The additional earnings-related components of the state pension is based on the best twenty years ' earnings , so those who are out of the labour market for substantial periods ( mainly women ) have little choice of which periods of earnings to take .
the [more] earnings-related components of the state pension is based on the best twenty years ' earnings , so those who are out of the labour market for substantial periods ( mainly women ) have little choice of which periods of earnings to take .

However , currently , unlike her husband she has no automatic rights to additional dependency benefits for her children and , unless her husband is incapable of paid employment , she gets no extra benefit for him either .
however , currently , unlike her husband she has no automatic rights to [more] dependency benefits for her children and , unless her husband is incapable of paid employment , she gets no extra benefit for him either .

Additional reading
[more] reading

An additional financial burden for a woman in situations such as these may be that of arrears which have accrued , of which she may have been previously unaware ( Ginsburg , 1979 , p. 128 ) .
an [more] financial burden for a woman in situations such as these may be that of arrears which have accrued , of which she may have been previously unaware ( ginsburg , 1979 , p. 128 ) .

Additional reading
[more] reading

It has an additional significance in that it links science and ethics ; it unites theory and practice .
it has an [more] significance in that it links science and ethics ; it unites theory and practice .

Identity maintenance needs additional institutional support , especially when the family fails .
identity maintenance needs [more] institutional support , especially when the family fails .

Isabella recovered her lands , which were augmented by additional grants worth about £9,000 , including Despenser 's lordship of Glamorgan ; she also obtained the younger Despenser 's movables , plate and jewels .
isabella recovered her lands , which were augmented by [more] grants worth about £9,000 , including despenser 's lordship of glamorgan ; she also obtained the younger despenser 's movables , plate and jewels .

They also came from large conurbations able to provide additional revenue through commercial support and gate income .
they also came from large conurbations able to provide [more] revenue through commercial support and gate income .

As far as resources are concerned , an additional £523m has been announced by the government for expenditure on education in 1993–94 , an increase of 6 % .
as far as resources are concerned , an [more] £523m has been announced by the government for expenditure on education in 1993–94 , an increase of 6 % .

The main priority will always be to find some route to additional funding for books .
the main priority will always be to find some route to [more] funding for books .

He added : ‘ Managers are saying if trade unions at local level are not prepared to sign agreements , management will not pay the Rolls-Royce additional severance payments and would fall back on state money . ’
he added : ‘ managers are saying if trade unions at local level are not prepared to sign agreements , management will not pay the rolls-royce [more] severance payments and would fall back on state money . ’

In Essex , a spokesman for the Eastern National bus company said its normal services between major towns were expected to be adequate to meet any additional demand due to the strike .
in essex , a spokesman for the eastern national bus company said its normal services between major towns were expected to be adequate to meet any [more] demand due to the strike .

The company 's two daily commuter coach services from Braintree and Chelmsford are expected to be busy , but managers will wait to see what demand there is before deciding whether to run additional vehicles .
the company 's two daily commuter coach services from braintree and chelmsford are expected to be busy , but managers will wait to see what demand there is before deciding whether to run [more] vehicles .

This section briefly describes the known metalliferous mineral deposits of Britain and provides references for additional reading .
this section briefly describes the known metalliferous mineral deposits of britain and provides references for [more] reading .

Additional resources of over 30 million tonnes grading 0.76 per cent Cu have been indicated by earlier exploration to the north-east of the shaft site .
[more] resources of over 30 million tonnes grading 0.76 per cent cu have been indicated by earlier exploration to the north-east of the shaft site .

Shepherd and Allen ( 1985 ) provide additional information on its genesis from fluid inclusion studies .
shepherd and allen ( 1985 ) provide [more] information on its genesis from fluid inclusion studies .

As most of the initial work is now completed , the additional work will be carried out by a reduced number of consultants .
as most of the initial work is now completed , the [more] work will be carried out by a reduced number of consultants .

Provided you have given prior notification , General Accident will extend the full cover of your policy for up to 45 days in total in any one annual period of insurance , at no additional cost , to include :
provided you have given prior notification , general accident will extend the full cover of your policy for up to 45 days in total in any one annual period of insurance , at no [more] cost , to include :

We have publicly stated that we believe the Government should address this issue sooner rather than later and have suggested that a flexible approach to State pension age could be achieved with little additional cost to the State .
we have publicly stated that we believe the government should address this issue sooner rather than later and have suggested that a flexible approach to state pension age could be achieved with little [more] cost to the state .

It is , therefore , particularly gratifying to be able to report that , in response to the case for maintaining the level of purchases made by the Library with the support of other Scottish research libraries , and users , both local and remote , Government agreed in December 1989 to restore substantially the level of the Library 's Purchase Grant in 1990–91 by allocating an additional £200,000 for purchases for the Library 's collections .
it is , therefore , particularly gratifying to be able to report that , in response to the case for maintaining the level of purchases made by the library with the support of other scottish research libraries , and users , both local and remote , government agreed in december 1989 to restore substantially the level of the library 's purchase grant in 1990–91 by allocating an [more] £200,000 for purchases for the library 's collections .

Additional papers of Robert Stevenson and Sons , civil engineers , were deposited ( not available for general consultation ) .
[more] papers of robert stevenson and sons , civil engineers , were deposited ( not available for general consultation ) .

Work continues on listing the Crawford papers , and has begun on the additional Sutherland papers .
work continues on listing the crawford papers , and has begun on the [more] sutherland papers .

( a ) Prepare a Journal entry in the books of Sour Ltd , without narrations , to record the acquisition by Sour Ltd of the additional 30% shareholding in Crowt Ltd for Cash and Debentures .
( a ) prepare a journal entry in the books of sour ltd , without narrations , to record the acquisition by sour ltd of the [more] 30% shareholding in crowt ltd for cash and debentures .

Enterprise Training is also proving its worth in helping more trainees than ever to find work placements and is committing additional resources to ensure that in the future such placements are available for all trainees .
enterprise training is also proving its worth in helping more trainees than ever to find work placements and is committing [more] resources to ensure that in the future such placements are available for all trainees .

The Languages Lead Body is moving towards completion of the standards , and Awarding Bodies are , in parallel , being asked to plan the introduction of languages as additional units to NVQs .
the languages lead body is moving towards completion of the standards , and awarding bodies are , in parallel , being asked to plan the introduction of languages as [more] units to nvqs .

Approximately 30 % of the marks will be for straightforward handling of theory — but additional marks for pass , credit and distinction standard must come from the quality of the candidate 's understanding and ability to communicate in acceptable fashion .
approximately 30 % of the marks will be for straightforward handling of theory — but [more] marks for pass , credit and distinction standard must come from the quality of the candidate 's understanding and ability to communicate in acceptable fashion .

Additional information includes tables of weights and measures and basic and commercial information on individual countries .
[more] information includes tables of weights and measures and basic and commercial information on individual countries .

Students ' Book develops situations in the running of a small company ; workbook introduces additional practice .
students ' book develops situations in the running of a small company ; workbook introduces [more] practice .

An optional 10-minute speed test ( 2105 ) may be taken by candidates entering for the proficiency examination , without additional fee .
an optional 10-minute speed test ( 2105 ) may be taken by candidates entering for the proficiency examination , without [more] fee .

An optional 10-minute speed test ( 3105 ) may be taken by candidates entering for the proficiency examination , without additional fee .
an optional 10-minute speed test ( 3105 ) may be taken by candidates entering for the proficiency examination , without [more] fee .

It is aimed at providing practising teachers of English as a Foreign Language with the additional skills and knowledge required to operate effectively in the field of teaching English for Business purposes .
it is aimed at providing practising teachers of english as a foreign language with the [more] skills and knowledge required to operate effectively in the field of teaching english for business purposes .

‘ The school raised additional areas that we might find worthwhile exploring .
‘ the school raised [more] areas that we might find worthwhile exploring .

Chris Bird , exploration team leader of the Atlantic Frontier Programme said : ‘ The success of the survey has accelerated the whole ‘ 204 ’ exploration and appraisal programme and at the same time enabled us to obtain additional data on the area . ’
chris bird , exploration team leader of the atlantic frontier programme said : ‘ the success of the survey has accelerated the whole ‘ 204 ’ exploration and appraisal programme and at the same time enabled us to obtain [more] data on the area . ’

‘ In particular , they will be identifying any tasks which can be completed using the base skills of the craftsmen , or with minimal additional training .
‘ in particular , they will be identifying any tasks which can be completed using the base skills of the craftsmen , or with minimal [more] training .

Some panel members felt that time spent in discussion of the documentation led to a tight schedule and that this might have been avoided by an additional private meeting on the evening or day before the event . It was also suggested that either or both of the following procedures might be followed :
some panel members felt that time spent in discussion of the documentation led to a tight schedule and that this might have been avoided by an [more] private meeting on the evening or day before the event . it was also suggested that either or both of the following procedures might be followed :

No provision is made for any additional taxation which might arise should the retained reserves of overseas subsidiary companies be distributed .
no provision is made for any [more] taxation which might arise should the retained reserves of overseas subsidiary companies be distributed .

additional provision which might be put in place
[more] provision which might be put in place

the centre meets the full cost of any necessary quality assurance requirements which are additional to those normally applied to the module .
the centre meets the full cost of any necessary quality assurance requirements which are [more] to those normally applied to the module .

But we do see the possibility that the intensive model would be an additional element in the National Certificate 's quality assurance system .
but we do see the possibility that the intensive model would be an [more] element in the national certificate 's quality assurance system .

Again , all centres received copies of the Guidelines last summer , but additional copies are available at a modest cost .
again , all centres received copies of the guidelines last summer , but [more] copies are available at a modest cost .

Over the five years of operation of the National Certificate employers and providers have indicated that , whilst the flexibility of the modular system is of great benefit , it would also be useful to be able to provide an additional separate certificate for a student who successfully completes a group of modules designed to meet the needs of a particular occupational area .
over the five years of operation of the national certificate employers and providers have indicated that , whilst the flexibility of the modular system is of great benefit , it would also be useful to be able to provide an [more] separate certificate for a student who successfully completes a group of modules designed to meet the needs of a particular occupational area .

Additional studies by the Building Research Establishment indicate that isolated structural damage can occur when gust speeds exceed about 39 knots and widespread damage can occur when gustspeeds exceed about 49 knots .
[more] studies by the building research establishment indicate that isolated structural damage can occur when gust speeds exceed about 39 knots and widespread damage can occur when gustspeeds exceed about 49 knots .

We are not responsible for any additional measures which could be considered to be of a preventative nature for the future .
we are not responsible for any [more] measures which could be considered to be of a preventative nature for the future .

If , following destruction or damage insured under the policy , additional works are required to comply with building and government regulations and/or local by-laws , then the cost of the additional works will be covered under the policy , unless :
if , following destruction or damage insured under the policy , [more] works are required to comply with building and government regulations and/or local by-laws , then the cost of the [more] works will be covered under the policy , unless :

If an item requires to be replaced we should ensure that we are replacing on a like for like basis and not giving the insured a superior item containing advanced features and additional facilities .
if an item requires to be replaced we should ensure that we are replacing on a like for like basis and not giving the insured a superior item containing advanced features and [more] facilities .

Clients pay for the service on a quarterly basis and they know that the air will be kept clean , without any additional expenditure on repairs or maintenance ’ .
clients pay for the service on a quarterly basis and they know that the air will be kept clean , without any [more] expenditure on repairs or maintenance ’ .

In its reply the profession , while acknowledging its willingness to co-operate in the provision of relevant additional information , expressed concern that concentration on expenses and charges , while ignoring more important aspects of product and company selection such as the investment return , might not be in the best interests of consumers .
in its reply the profession , while acknowledging its willingness to co-operate in the provision of relevant [more] information , expressed concern that concentration on expenses and charges , while ignoring more important aspects of product and company selection such as the investment return , might not be in the best interests of consumers .

To pay for the additional checks the new MoT test now costs £24 .
to pay for the [more] checks the new mot test now costs £24 .

For further information on the above or if you would like to suggest additional venues speak to :
for further information on the above or if you would like to suggest [more] venues speak to :

Automatic Cover — Previously this was provided without limit as to the period of time by which the Company must be notified but as we can no longer rely on surveyors picking up additional plant , it is now a condition of this cover that the Insured notifies the Company before expiry of the current period of insurance .
automatic cover — previously this was provided without limit as to the period of time by which the company must be notified but as we can no longer rely on surveyors picking up [more] plant , it is now a condition of this cover that the insured notifies the company before expiry of the current period of insurance .

Road Traffic Act Requirements for explosion risks as defined in the policy can be covered on payment of an additional premium , thereby amending part of this exclusion .
road traffic act requirements for explosion risks as defined in the policy can be covered on payment of an [more] premium , thereby amending part of this exclusion .

If a relative has to travel abroad to accompany a sick or injured Insured Person home and the additional expenses claim includes the Travel Insurance premium of that relative , this may be accepted as part of the Travel and Accommodation Expenses .
if a relative has to travel abroad to accompany a sick or injured insured person home and the [more] expenses claim includes the travel insurance premium of that relative , this may be accepted as part of the travel and accommodation expenses .

This section covers additional accommodation and travel expenses incurred in reaching the overseas destination or returning home as a result of the failure of public transport services in getting the insured to his departure port or airport by the time stated in the itinerary .
this section covers [more] accommodation and travel expenses incurred in reaching the overseas destination or returning home as a result of the failure of public transport services in getting the insured to his departure port or airport by the time stated in the itinerary .

This section covers reasonable additional travel and accommodation expenses necessarily incurred in obtaining a replacement passport are payable in the event of loss or theft of a passport whilst abroad .
this section covers reasonable [more] travel and accommodation expenses necessarily incurred in obtaining a replacement passport are payable in the event of loss or theft of a passport whilst abroad .

Additional information on certain injuries can be found in Section 5 — Medical Evidence — of the Claims Handling Procedural Instructions Manual .
[more] information on certain injuries can be found in section 5 — medical evidence — of the claims handling procedural instructions manual .

There are times when additional information is required from the Policyholder 's Doctor .
there are times when [more] information is required from the policyholder 's doctor .

These latter losses were limited by additional reinsurance covers effected earlier in the year which provided protection for losses above $ 10m .
these latter losses were limited by [more] reinsurance covers effected earlier in the year which provided protection for losses above $ 10m .

‘ In the United Kingdom action on expenses and more selective underwriting procedures have resulted in a substantial reduction in underwriting losses at the half year , even after additional reserve strengthening .
‘ in the united kingdom action on expenses and more selective underwriting procedures have resulted in a substantial reduction in underwriting losses at the half year , even after [more] reserve strengthening .

Fourth quarter pre-tax profit of $5.8m ( 1991 : $38.5m loss ) is after charging additional Hurricane ‘ Andrew ’ losses of $20m net .
fourth quarter pre-tax profit of $5.8m ( 1991 : $38.5m loss ) is after charging [more] hurricane ‘ andrew ’ losses of $20m net .

‘ In the fourth quarter there was a profit of $ 6m despite additional claims on Hurricane ‘ Andrew ’ of $ 20m which were partly due to $ 9m of losses through our now discontinued treaty reinsurance operations in the London Market .
‘ in the fourth quarter there was a profit of $ 6m despite [more] claims on hurricane ‘ andrew ’ of $ 20m which were partly due to $ 9m of losses through our now discontinued treaty reinsurance operations in the london market .

At the full year , losses were down by 40 % from $ 113.9m to $ 68.5m , despite some additional reserve strengthening on the account .
at the full year , losses were down by 40 % from $ 113.9m to $ 68.5m , despite some [more] reserve strengthening on the account .

Losses in the fourth quarter were nearly two thirds higher in sterling terms at $ 49.4m ( 1991 : $ 30.6m loss ) following the impact of the New York snow storms in December which cost $ 8m and additional claims costs in connection with Hurricane ‘ Andrew ’ which amounted to just over $ 11m in the quarter , including assumed reinsurance and the cost of the reinstatement premium .
losses in the fourth quarter were nearly two thirds higher in sterling terms at $ 49.4m ( 1991 : $ 30.6m loss ) following the impact of the new york snow storms in december which cost $ 8m and [more] claims costs in connection with hurricane ‘ andrew ’ which amounted to just over $ 11m in the quarter , including assumed reinsurance and the cost of the reinstatement premium .

London Market , including internal reinsurance , produced estimated losses $ 13.1m higher at $ 48.0m ( 1991 : $ 34.9m loss ) , following a deficit in the fourth quarter up from $ 14.6m to $ 17.5m , which includes additional treaty reinsurance losses in connection with Hurricane ‘ Andrew ’ of $ 9.0m .
london market , including internal reinsurance , produced estimated losses $ 13.1m higher at $ 48.0m ( 1991 : $ 34.9m loss ) , following a deficit in the fourth quarter up from $ 14.6m to $ 17.5m , which includes [more] treaty reinsurance losses in connection with hurricane ‘ andrew ’ of $ 9.0m .

Additional reinsurance covers effected earlier in the year provide protection above $ 10m , excluding the reinstatement premium .
[more] reinsurance covers effected earlier in the year provide protection above $ 10m , excluding the reinstatement premium .

Fixed term appointees may not purchase additional years of reckonable service under the Scheme .
fixed term appointees may not purchase [more] years of reckonable service under the scheme .

Additional Posts .
[more] posts .

Temporary additional shelving was installed in the periodicals gallery to provide some much needed space for growth .
temporary [more] shelving was installed in the periodicals gallery to provide some much needed space for growth .

Additional comments indicated particular needs in the primary sector —
[more] comments indicated particular needs in the primary sector —

One of the most significant selling points which the Banks used during last year 's dispute was the fact that Extended Opening Hours would give rise to significant numbers of additional jobs in Banking .
one of the most significant selling points which the banks used during last year 's dispute was the fact that extended opening hours would give rise to significant numbers of [more] jobs in banking .

It is a sad reflection on Bank Management that our members have taken on additional responsibilities without recognition or recompense by the Banks .
it is a sad reflection on bank management that our members have taken on [more] responsibilities without recognition or recompense by the banks .

Additional staffing ; proper procedures ; quality service and adequate assistance to members must be achieved before Extended Hours will be resolved .
[more] staffing ; proper procedures ; quality service and adequate assistance to members must be achieved before extended hours will be resolved .

time for training was difficult to find because training made additional demands on already busy people
time for training was difficult to find because training made [more] demands on already busy people

These are limited ( although boards can take on additional functions through negotiation with their education authority ) .
these are limited ( although boards can take on [more] functions through negotiation with their education authority ) .

Three main reasons were given for the apparent lack of enthusiasm : board members found it difficult to spare additional time for this form of training ; they were doubtful of the ability of outside trainers to provide training in tune with local needs ; attempts by some education authorities to retain part of the training budget in order to supply such area sessions were seen by some members as demonstrating a lack of trust in the board 's ability to organise its own training .
three main reasons were given for the apparent lack of enthusiasm : board members found it difficult to spare [more] time for this form of training ; they were doubtful of the ability of outside trainers to provide training in tune with local needs ; attempts by some education authorities to retain part of the training budget in order to supply such area sessions were seen by some members as demonstrating a lack of trust in the board 's ability to organise its own training .

New technology has already enabled an ever-widening range of jobs to be moved out of the office , allowing staff to carry them out from their own homes with obvious benefits in terms of reducing office overheads as well as enabling businesses to recruit from an additional pool of people who , because of location in remote rural areas or conflicting domestic responsibilities , might otherwise be ruled out of employment .
new technology has already enabled an ever-widening range of jobs to be moved out of the office , allowing staff to carry them out from their own homes with obvious benefits in terms of reducing office overheads as well as enabling businesses to recruit from an [more] pool of people who , because of location in remote rural areas or conflicting domestic responsibilities , might otherwise be ruled out of employment .

Indeed , both he and Valentine see the needs of teleworking providing additional momentum behind the delivery of solutions that would have an equally telling effect on the use of technology that would still go on inside the office .
indeed , both he and valentine see the needs of teleworking providing [more] momentum behind the delivery of solutions that would have an equally telling effect on the use of technology that would still go on inside the office .

It would be this additional reassurance that would tip the scales in favour in any cost-benefit analysis , he argued .
it would be this [more] reassurance that would tip the scales in favour in any cost-benefit analysis , he argued .

The situation whereby damage to commercial buildings caused by terrorism was covered by the insured 's standard fire policy was one that was unique to Britain and the new ruling brings this country into line with continental Europe where the terrorist risk has , for a number of years , required additional cover .
the situation whereby damage to commercial buildings caused by terrorism was covered by the insured 's standard fire policy was one that was unique to britain and the new ruling brings this country into line with continental europe where the terrorist risk has , for a number of years , required [more] cover .

With policyholders now required to take out a separate policy in addition to the normal fire cover , income from additional premiums will be paid into a pool which will be used to fund claims and the Government will reinsure the pool .
with policyholders now required to take out a separate policy in addition to the normal fire cover , income from [more] premiums will be paid into a pool which will be used to fund claims and the government will reinsure the pool .

There is , however , one compulsory element : where a number of properties are insured under a block policy it will not be possible to insure some of the buildings and not others — the additional cover must be taken out on all , with landlords apportioning out the additional costs .
there is , however , one compulsory element : where a number of properties are insured under a block policy it will not be possible to insure some of the buildings and not others — the [more] cover must be taken out on all , with landlords apportioning out the [more] costs .

Just as in household insurance , the additional premiums will be based on the sums insured and the location of the building or buildings to be covered .
just as in household insurance , the [more] premiums will be based on the sums insured and the location of the building or buildings to be covered .

Home income schemes involved using funds obtained via a mortgage to be re-invested to pay off the loan and provide additional income .
home income schemes involved using funds obtained via a mortgage to be re-invested to pay off the loan and provide [more] income .

The aim of the agreement is to attract additional tourism to Scotland by promoting the quality hotels which are members of the association , to the frequent travelling and high spending American Express Cardmember .
the aim of the agreement is to attract [more] tourism to scotland by promoting the quality hotels which are members of the association , to the frequent travelling and high spending american express cardmember .

But Americans appreciate the value of the additional service and are prepared to pay for it .
but americans appreciate the value of the [more] service and are prepared to pay for it .

Additional guarantees of payment can be obtained when the bill of exchange or promissory note is used in conjunction with a letter of credit or supporting bank guarantee .
[more] guarantees of payment can be obtained when the bill of exchange or promissory note is used in conjunction with a letter of credit or supporting bank guarantee .

Whereas in the home market sales and production are likely to be financed from existing working capital , the extended period of credit which is possible in the export trade may necessitate additional forms of finance .
whereas in the home market sales and production are likely to be financed from existing working capital , the extended period of credit which is possible in the export trade may necessitate [more] forms of finance .

Once these are to hand your Committee can decide whether or not we can afford the additional cost of up-grading the quality of the signs .
once these are to hand your committee can decide whether or not we can afford the [more] cost of up-grading the quality of the signs .

For all this many professions and other service providers still cast their eyes enviously at accountants and the apparent ease with which they can offer additional services to clients , thanks to the automatic access granted by audit .
for all this many professions and other service providers still cast their eyes enviously at accountants and the apparent ease with which they can offer [more] services to clients , thanks to the automatic access granted by audit .

As it is fast growing , additional capital has to be injected into the company to finance the rapid rate of growth .
as it is fast growing , [more] capital has to be injected into the company to finance the rapid rate of growth .

Initially , Aegon will find the additional in a way that will give them a 50 per cent stake in the non-with-profits business .
initially , aegon will find the [more] in a way that will give them a 50 per cent stake in the non-with-profits business .

While it may be straightforward to assess whether a lease is renewed properly or a contract accurately drafted — it will soon be clear if they have been or not — these transactions do n't carry much potential for building long-term relationships or adding value through additional services .
while it may be straightforward to assess whether a lease is renewed properly or a contract accurately drafted — it will soon be clear if they have been or not — these transactions do n't carry much potential for building long-term relationships or adding value through [more] services .

The workload is considered such that not even the appointment of a number of additional limited case judges has made much of a dent in it .
the workload is considered such that not even the appointment of a number of [more] limited case judges has made much of a dent in it .

This additional work is , in part , a reaction to a new demand from landlords who have often ignored the asset values , or liabilities , of the buildings they own .
this [more] work is , in part , a reaction to a new demand from landlords who have often ignored the asset values , or liabilities , of the buildings they own .

Additional voluntary contributions seem caught too , therefore .
[more] voluntary contributions seem caught too , therefore .

Both oral presentation and writing , however , have an additional function in helping the researchers to sort out and understand their findings in order to be able to communicate them .
both oral presentation and writing , however , have an [more] function in helping the researchers to sort out and understand their findings in order to be able to communicate them .

Food and other purchases ( £794 million ) increased in line with the additional number of meals served .
food and other purchases ( £794 million ) increased in line with the [more] number of meals served .

And an additional $ 200,000 has been cut from its annual bills by fixing leaky steam pipes .
and an [more] $ 200,000 has been cut from its annual bills by fixing leaky steam pipes .

This may include identifying additional skills you need to acquire .
this may include identifying [more] skills you need to acquire .

Both oral presentation and writing , however , have an additional function in helping the researchers to sort out and understand their findings in order to be able to communicate them to others .
both oral presentation and writing , however , have an [more] function in helping the researchers to sort out and understand their findings in order to be able to communicate them to others .

Northern College ( Aberdeen Campus ) offers an additional service to teachers in the Western Isles , Orkney and Shetland .
northern college ( aberdeen campus ) offers an [more] service to teachers in the western isles , orkney and shetland .

Correspondence re the formation of additional neighbourhood watch schemes on the village .
correspondence re the formation of [more] neighbourhood watch schemes on the village .

Two additional helpers had been recruited .
two [more] helpers had been recruited .

c ) The stakes which have been installed to mark out the areas of additional planting on the Sighthill Section of the Bypass .
c ) the stakes which have been installed to mark out the areas of [more] planting on the sighthill section of the bypass .

The housing proposals will generate some additional traffic but not on a scale which would cause capacity or safety problems .
the housing proposals will generate some [more] traffic but not on a scale which would cause capacity or safety problems .

If you require additional information or have any queries relative to Council Tax please do not hesitate to contact either Alex Stein , Assistant Director of Finance , on extension 5002 or Mike Peterson , Rates and Collection Manager , on extension 5006 .
if you require [more] information or have any queries relative to council tax please do not hesitate to contact either alex stein , assistant director of finance , on extension 5002 or mike peterson , rates and collection manager , on extension 5006 .

Your sponsor may also need additional information to meet these requirements , which are reflected in a completely new application form issued by the Scottish Office in September .
your sponsor may also need [more] information to meet these requirements , which are reflected in a completely new application form issued by the scottish office in september .

The Structure Plan logic for choosing to apply a 60 % allowance to the new additional greenfield requirement is explained below .
the structure plan logic for choosing to apply a 60 % allowance to the new [more] greenfield requirement is explained below .

Para 8.42 of the 1985 Structure Plan states additional land for a further 3,500 completions will be needed .
para 8.42 of the 1985 structure plan states [more] land for a further 3,500 completions will be needed .

On this basis with 500 berths the additional number of yachts out would be 14–16 , and not all would remain in the Estuary .
on this basis with 500 berths the [more] number of yachts out would be 14–16 , and not all would remain in the estuary .

The remainder ( 230,000 cubic metres ) would be used to reclaim an additional area of land west of the west breakwater .
the remainder ( 230,000 cubic metres ) would be used to reclaim an [more] area of land west of the west breakwater .

The first consultative draft and Structure Plan Review is not yet at hand , ie there is no indication of the officials ' initial views as to what scale of additional development should be addressed and what strategies should be adopted to guide location and timing in the period to 2005 .
the first consultative draft and structure plan review is not yet at hand , ie there is no indication of the officials ' initial views as to what scale of [more] development should be addressed and what strategies should be adopted to guide location and timing in the period to 2005 .

no additional leave whatsoever being granted to employees to effect a closure .
no [more] leave whatsoever being granted to employees to effect a closure .

Following this period it would be necessary to accommodate additional staff during 1993/94 , probably to deal with Community Charge residual functions ( particularly collection and recovery ) where there would be insufficient space within Chesser House .
following this period it would be necessary to accommodate [more] staff during 1993/94 , probably to deal with community charge residual functions ( particularly collection and recovery ) where there would be insufficient space within chesser house .

As grant aid will come to the Council as additional capital consents , further interest charges will be incurred and so will reduce any net benefit to the capital budget .
as grant aid will come to the council as [more] capital consents , further interest charges will be incurred and so will reduce any net benefit to the capital budget .

There is still no clear indication as to whether the additional capital consents will revert to the applicant service department 's budget or will be subsumed into the overall Council budget .
there is still no clear indication as to whether the [more] capital consents will revert to the applicant service department 's budget or will be subsumed into the overall council budget .

To date we have been permitting an additional smoking break in the morning and again in the afternoon for smokers within the office as part of the agreement to have no smoking throughout the main parts of Chesser House .
to date we have been permitting an [more] smoking break in the morning and again in the afternoon for smokers within the office as part of the agreement to have no smoking throughout the main parts of chesser house .

Users who in terms of para ( c ) above chose to select special corrective appliances which cost in excess of £50 , will be responsible for the additional cost .
users who in terms of para ( c ) above chose to select special corrective appliances which cost in excess of £50 , will be responsible for the [more] cost .

At our last Directorate it was noted that there had been further difficulties with unauthorised visitors and it was agreed that there was a need for additional security between the entrance foyer and offices .
at our last directorate it was noted that there had been further difficulties with unauthorised visitors and it was agreed that there was a need for [more] security between the entrance foyer and offices .

George could delegate the administration to an efficient secretary and whatever additional assistance the section was likely to need .
george could delegate the administration to an efficient secretary and whatever [more] assistance the section was likely to need .

Students from hot countries should include an additional amount to cover the costs of purchasing warm clothing in the first year of their studies .
students from hot countries should include an [more] amount to cover the costs of purchasing warm clothing in the first year of their studies .

Certain courses involve expenditure ( for example , on instruments , research costs , field study , preparation of thesis ) which is additional to that detailed here .
certain courses involve expenditure ( for example , on instruments , research costs , field study , preparation of thesis ) which is [more] to that detailed here .

( i ) Additional Entrance Requirements
( i ) [more] entrance requirements

There is no requirement for an additional written thesis or set of commentaries on the works submitted .
there is no requirement for an [more] written thesis or set of commentaries on the works submitted .

Additional features assisting research include a departmental publication series ( printed in the very well-equipped Reprographics Section ) , an extensive publication record of books and articles , vigorous participation in and organisation of national and international conferences , helped by numerous overseas contacts and scientific exchanges .
[more] features assisting research include a departmental publication series ( printed in the very well-equipped reprographics section ) , an extensive publication record of books and articles , vigorous participation in and organisation of national and international conferences , helped by numerous overseas contacts and scientific exchanges .

Each module involves 18 hours of lectures , plus additional practical and tutorial sessions .
each module involves 18 hours of lectures , plus [more] practical and tutorial sessions .

The University will do its utmost to make any additional structural or organisational arrangement to enable students with special needs to attend their classes .
the university will do its utmost to make any [more] structural or organisational arrangement to enable students with special needs to attend their classes .

Most faculties have certain additional requirements ( Faculty Entrance Requirements ) which all entrants must normally satisfy .
most faculties have certain [more] requirements ( faculty entrance requirements ) which all entrants must normally satisfy .

Students from hot countries should include an additional amount to cover the costs of purchasing warm clothing in the first year of their studies .
students from hot countries should include an [more] amount to cover the costs of purchasing warm clothing in the first year of their studies .

3 ) All students should note that certain courses involve expenditure ( for example , on instruments , preparation of theses , vacation work and/or field study ) which is additional to that estimated here . You should consider carefully the costs of this kind which relate to the course which you have chosen , and make allowance for further funds if required
3 ) all students should note that certain courses involve expenditure ( for example , on instruments , preparation of theses , vacation work and/or field study ) which is [more] to that estimated here . you should consider carefully the costs of this kind which relate to the course which you have chosen , and make allowance for further funds if required

In addition , opportunities exist during the first two years of the course to study further subjects which can include an additional Community language if students so wish .
in addition , opportunities exist during the first two years of the course to study further subjects which can include an [more] community language if students so wish .

During the first three years , three additional courses are taken , one of which is in architectural history while the others may be selected individually from a range of courses offered by departments in the Social Sciences and Arts Faculties ; in keeping with Scottish University traditions , this encourages the development of diverse interests and allows insights into other academic disciplines .
during the first three years , three [more] courses are taken , one of which is in architectural history while the others may be selected individually from a range of courses offered by departments in the social sciences and arts faculties ; in keeping with scottish university traditions , this encourages the development of diverse interests and allows insights into other academic disciplines .

In the final year , students complete the study of Housing Policy and Practice and take additional courses on Planning and Development , Building and Maintenance , Human Resource Management and another Social Policy option .
in the final year , students complete the study of housing policy and practice and take [more] courses on planning and development , building and maintenance , human resource management and another social policy option .

In Czechoslovakia part of the authoritarian backlash against the reform attempt by Dubcek in 1968 was a strengthened control of the civil service and other parts of the state administration by giving party organizations in factories and offices additional powers .
in czechoslovakia part of the authoritarian backlash against the reform attempt by dubcek in 1968 was a strengthened control of the civil service and other parts of the state administration by giving party organizations in factories and offices [more] powers .

It also meant that all political structures , especially the less specialized and differentiated ones found in Third World states , could be expected to perform additional functions to those which were their main raison d'être .
it also meant that all political structures , especially the less specialized and differentiated ones found in third world states , could be expected to perform [more] functions to those which were their main raison d'être .

The only constraint on attempts to acquire a larger budget is that it would cost more than the total value to the politicians of the service , the value of additional output being zero .
the only constraint on attempts to acquire a larger budget is that it would cost more than the total value to the politicians of the service , the value of [more] output being zero .

She disliked the stark brick walls , and the aluminium window frame , never an object of beauty , had recently acquired the additional disadvantage of being jammed shut .
she disliked the stark brick walls , and the aluminium window frame , never an object of beauty , had recently acquired the [more] disadvantage of being jammed shut .

During periods of very cold weather , you may in some cases be able to claim an additional £5 for each very cold week .
during periods of very cold weather , you may in some cases be able to claim an [more] £5 for each very cold week .

Only the results from the first treatment with the heater probe were included in the statistical analysis although a definitive control of the bleeding was achieved sometimes after additional sessions .
only the results from the first treatment with the heater probe were included in the statistical analysis although a definitive control of the bleeding was achieved sometimes after [more] sessions .

For patients who are bleeding acutely technetium-labelled red cell isotope scans or technetium-labelled sulphur colloid scans may provide additional information but when the rate of bleeding is slow , as in most patients with iron deficiency anaemia , these investigations are not helpful .
for patients who are bleeding acutely technetium-labelled red cell isotope scans or technetium-labelled sulphur colloid scans may provide [more] information but when the rate of bleeding is slow , as in most patients with iron deficiency anaemia , these investigations are not helpful .

It is interesting that the dose-response effect we found in these coeliac disease children is similar to that found in the single gluten challenge study by Ciclitira et al , which showed no evidence of jejunal mucosal damage after the infusion of 10 mg of gliadin , minimal changes after 100 mg of gliadin , and noticeable histological changes after an additional 500 mg challenge .
it is interesting that the dose-response effect we found in these coeliac disease children is similar to that found in the single gluten challenge study by ciclitira et al , which showed no evidence of jejunal mucosal damage after the infusion of 10 mg of gliadin , minimal changes after 100 mg of gliadin , and noticeable histological changes after an [more] 500 mg challenge .

Differences in antibody responses between the study groups were assessed by comparison of ( i ) rates of seroconversion ( defined as a change in antibody titre from undetectable [ < 8 ] to detectable [ 8 ] ; ( ii ) rates of secondary 4-fold or greater rises in antibody titre in seropositive children for whom additional 4-fold rises could be reliably documented with a neutralisation upper limit of 1:1024 — ie , children with baseline titres of 8–256 ; and ( iii ) type-specific geometric mean titres ( GMTs ) among the total study population and among children who seroconverted or had secondary 4-fold or greater rises in antibody after vaccination .
differences in antibody responses between the study groups were assessed by comparison of ( i ) rates of seroconversion ( defined as a change in antibody titre from undetectable [ < 8 ] to detectable [ 8 ] ; ( ii ) rates of secondary 4-fold or greater rises in antibody titre in seropositive children for whom [more] 4-fold rises could be reliably documented with a neutralisation upper limit of 1:1024 — ie , children with baseline titres of 8–256 ; and ( iii ) type-specific geometric mean titres ( gmts ) among the total study population and among children who seroconverted or had secondary 4-fold or greater rises in antibody after vaccination .

Additional lung sections were stained with haematoxylin and eosin for histological diagnosis and semi-quantitative grading , the grading being done by a modification of the system of Hyde et al .
[more] lung sections were stained with haematoxylin and eosin for histological diagnosis and semi-quantitative grading , the grading being done by a modification of the system of hyde et al .

Yet this additional tier requires staff , drugs , and managerial support .
yet this [more] tier requires staff , drugs , and managerial support .

Thus , despite the widespread use of intravenous heparin no patency data so far support the additional use of this agent once full-dose aspirin has been given with streptokinase or anistreplase .
thus , despite the widespread use of intravenous heparin no patency data so far support the [more] use of this agent once full-dose aspirin has been given with streptokinase or anistreplase .

For tPA , intravenous heparin added to aspirin seems to provide a small additional patency benefit .
for tpa , intravenous heparin added to aspirin seems to provide a small [more] patency benefit .

Health reform will require additional taxes , but taxing is a serious risk factor in today 's politics .
health reform will require [more] taxes , but taxing is a serious risk factor in today 's politics .

In part it is due to the proximity of the duchy of Lancaster lordships of Pontefract and Tickhill , which provided an additional source of reward for a number of royal servants in south Yorkshire .
in part it is due to the proximity of the duchy of lancaster lordships of pontefract and tickhill , which provided an [more] source of reward for a number of royal servants in south yorkshire .

It thus formalized the inclusion of other noble retinues within Gloucester 's affinity but probably conferred little additional authority .
it thus formalized the inclusion of other noble retinues within gloucester 's affinity but probably conferred little [more] authority .

We therefore intend to analyse additional sera from patients with infectious gastroenteritis for the presence of anti-lactoferrin antibodies .
we therefore intend to analyse [more] sera from patients with infectious gastroenteritis for the presence of anti-lactoferrin antibodies .

Failure to exchange an occluded stent leaves the patient at risk of infection and often requires the replacement of the stent by the combined radiological-endoscopic procedure with its additional hazards .
failure to exchange an occluded stent leaves the patient at risk of infection and often requires the replacement of the stent by the combined radiological-endoscopic procedure with its [more] hazards .

After additional training , another subject was classified as a good responder , while two showed a persistently poor response .
after [more] training , another subject was classified as a good responder , while two showed a persistently poor response .

Thirteen patients ( seven men , six women ) age range 65–91 ( median 81 ) received additional external beam radiotherapy in an attempt to reduce the range of laser treatments required .
thirteen patients ( seven men , six women ) age range 65–91 ( median 81 ) received [more] external beam radiotherapy in an attempt to reduce the range of laser treatments required .

Thereafter , an additional 1 ml pulse of hydrochloric acid at a dose of 200 , 300 , 400 , 500 , or 600 µmol was instilled , each dose level was given to four rats from each dietary group .
thereafter , an [more] 1 ml pulse of hydrochloric acid at a dose of 200 , 300 , 400 , 500 , or 600 µmol was instilled , each dose level was given to four rats from each dietary group .

Thereafter , two additional 1 ml pulses were instilled : a 100 µmol HCl bolus , as a mild irritant , and a pulse of 300 , 400 , 500 , 600 , or 700 µmol HCl after a period of 30 minutes .
thereafter , two [more] 1 ml pulses were instilled : a 100 µmol hcl bolus , as a mild irritant , and a pulse of 300 , 400 , 500 , 600 , or 700 µmol hcl after a period of 30 minutes .

( Indeed he was pardoned under that name , and the discovery that it was a false one provided an additional pretext for its revocation . )
( indeed he was pardoned under that name , and the discovery that it was a false one provided an [more] pretext for its revocation . )

Furthermore , even if a surplus of wool was produced , there was perhaps more hope of selling it to the developing cloth industry than of disposing of grain which was not required , as a demand for clothing can be more flexible than one for food when men have additional purchasing power ( 59 ; 62 ) .
furthermore , even if a surplus of wool was produced , there was perhaps more hope of selling it to the developing cloth industry than of disposing of grain which was not required , as a demand for clothing can be more flexible than one for food when men have [more] purchasing power ( 59 ; 62 ) .

Furthermore , if the recently reported patency rates of 85 % obtained with front-loaded alteplase and conjunctive intravenous heparin can be linked with strategies to prevent reocclusion , the potential additional benefit that could be gained with engineered plasminogen activators might only be marginal .
furthermore , if the recently reported patency rates of 85 % obtained with front-loaded alteplase and conjunctive intravenous heparin can be linked with strategies to prevent reocclusion , the potential [more] benefit that could be gained with engineered plasminogen activators might only be marginal .

It would be much better to drop in additional flour , fat , beans , dried milk , and sugar but a method of safe delivery of these in bulk by parachute has yet to be found .
it would be much better to drop in [more] flour , fat , beans , dried milk , and sugar but a method of safe delivery of these in bulk by parachute has yet to be found .

Male individuals are better protected because they are given an additional booster dose during military service .
male individuals are better protected because they are given an [more] booster dose during military service .

Answer guide : To help them control the level of their expenditure , to assist in planning future levels of expenditure , to help them raise additional finance ( e g. mortgages , hire-purchase etc. ) , and to help them decide the best way to spend their money .
answer guide : to help them control the level of their expenditure , to assist in planning future levels of expenditure , to help them raise [more] finance ( e g. mortgages , hire-purchase etc. ) , and to help them decide the best way to spend their money .

However , if we looked at the total costs of using the vehicles one could argue that by using reducing balance the repair costs in later life would be compensated by the additional depreciation in earlier years so achieving a matching of costs and revenues over the assets ' life .
however , if we looked at the total costs of using the vehicles one could argue that by using reducing balance the repair costs in later life would be compensated by the [more] depreciation in earlier years so achieving a matching of costs and revenues over the assets ' life .

She therefore decided at the start of the second year to take in a partner who would put in an additional £5,000 into the business and would be able to do some of the selling and other tasks after Susan had trained him .
she therefore decided at the start of the second year to take in a partner who would put in an [more] £5,000 into the business and would be able to do some of the selling and other tasks after susan had trained him .

What , if any , additional accounts need to be opened in the second year to cope with the fact that the business is now a partnership and for what reason are they needed ?
what , if any , [more] accounts need to be opened in the second year to cope with the fact that the business is now a partnership and for what reason are they needed ?

What are the main reasons why management would require additional information to the annual accounts ?
what are the main reasons why management would require [more] information to the annual accounts ?

What additional information would bankers wish to have and what purpose would they use this for ?
what [more] information would bankers wish to have and what purpose would they use this for ?

Answer guide : Some of the additional information you would need relates to cost by product , potential sales volume by product , price elasticity of demand , competitor prices etc .
answer guide : some of the [more] information you would need relates to cost by product , potential sales volume by product , price elasticity of demand , competitor prices etc .

The Sales Director is proposing to boost sales by reducing the selling price to £17 and spending an additional £3,000 per month on advertising .
the sales director is proposing to boost sales by reducing the selling price to £17 and spending an [more] £3,000 per month on advertising .

The following are additional estimates relating to manufacturing for the year ended 31 December l9X2 :
the following are [more] estimates relating to manufacturing for the year ended 31 december l9x2 :

For example , a firm has the opportunity to increase its product range ; however , an additional building would have to be rented for production purposes .
for example , a firm has the opportunity to increase its product range ; however , an [more] building would have to be rented for production purposes .

The company , due to its limited capacity , can only make 4,444 additional units . Assuming that Noxid will only accept a contract for not less 5,000 pocket calculators Calculators Plc can :
the company , due to its limited capacity , can only make 4,444 [more] units . assuming that noxid will only accept a contract for not less 5,000 pocket calculators calculators plc can :

The following additional information is available :
the following [more] information is available :

As the consultant employed by the company , you are requested to re-examine this statement , taking account of the additional information , and to recommend any necessary action .
as the consultant employed by the company , you are requested to re-examine this statement , taking account of the [more] information , and to recommend any necessary action .

The management of a firm by knowing the contribution from the next best opportunity could quickly determine the additional contribution if the constraint were to be relieved .
the management of a firm by knowing the contribution from the next best opportunity could quickly determine the [more] contribution if the constraint were to be relieved .

Answer guide : Machine hours £l.70 — The additional contribution if one more machine could be released .
answer guide : machine hours £l.70 — the [more] contribution if one more machine could be released .

Thus it is also the maximum additional cost that the company would be willing to pay to secure one more machine hour .
thus it is also the maximum [more] cost that the company would be willing to pay to secure one more machine hour .

This may involve ordering additional stocks of material , amending production schedules and possibly introducing overtime working or shift working , all of which takes time to plan and implement .
this may involve ordering [more] stocks of material , amending production schedules and possibly introducing overtime working or shift working , all of which takes time to plan and implement .

However , it seems that some additional finance will have to be raised to finance the proposed purchase of property .
however , it seems that some [more] finance will have to be raised to finance the proposed purchase of property .

We could not include such a group because of practical difficulties and limited medical manpower ; also there would be inevitable concern that individuals agreeing to be part of such a control group would be self-selecting members of a group with additional risk factors .
we could not include such a group because of practical difficulties and limited medical manpower ; also there would be inevitable concern that individuals agreeing to be part of such a control group would be self-selecting members of a group with [more] risk factors .

Therefore there should be little reason for individuals to want additional insurance .
therefore there should be little reason for individuals to want [more] insurance .

One suggestion for avoiding this is to have the explicit tax rate apply only to net-of-transfer income earnings , so that if the benefit withdrawal rate is 60 per cent and the explicit tax rate 30 per cent the ‘ total ’ tax paid on an additional £1 of earned income would be at a rate , which is a sum comprising 60p less means-tested benefit , and 30 per cent of 40p = 12p explicit tax , i.e .
one suggestion for avoiding this is to have the explicit tax rate apply only to net-of-transfer income earnings , so that if the benefit withdrawal rate is 60 per cent and the explicit tax rate 30 per cent the ‘ total ’ tax paid on an [more] £1 of earned income would be at a rate , which is a sum comprising 60p less means-tested benefit , and 30 per cent of 40p = 12p explicit tax , i.e .

So for example , if the poverty line is 40 per cent of average income and 15 per cent of income is required to cover the provision of public sector goods and services , the implied tax rate on earned income for a social dividend at the poverty line is 55 per cent so that individuals would receive 45p of an additional £1 earned !
so for example , if the poverty line is 40 per cent of average income and 15 per cent of income is required to cover the provision of public sector goods and services , the implied tax rate on earned income for a social dividend at the poverty line is 55 per cent so that individuals would receive 45p of an [more] £1 earned !

As noted in our discussion of the optimum size of clubs , the arrival of an additional individual reduces the taxes that existing residents have to pay to finance a given level of expenditure .
as noted in our discussion of the optimum size of clubs , the arrival of an [more] individual reduces the taxes that existing residents have to pay to finance a given level of expenditure .

that additional fiscal spending attracted an inflow to the locality .
that [more] fiscal spending attracted an inflow to the locality .

The second , absolutist , view is that it is an additional ‘ absolute ’ tax on corporate income independent of the operation of the personal income tax system .
the second , absolutist , view is that it is an [more] ‘ absolute ’ tax on corporate income independent of the operation of the personal income tax system .

there is no disincentive effect to work for additional income that is to be consumed .
there is no disincentive effect to work for [more] income that is to be consumed .

This is because the wealth base recognizes the additional economic power and hence taxable capacity offered by wealth ownership , even if no money income is derived , as for example with the ownership of jewels , or where an identical money income is secured from two very different capital values .
this is because the wealth base recognizes the [more] economic power and hence taxable capacity offered by wealth ownership , even if no money income is derived , as for example with the ownership of jewels , or where an identical money income is secured from two very different capital values .

Additional information — this is entirely optional but , if provided , should follow one of the three possible keywords :
[more] information — this is entirely optional but , if provided , should follow one of the three possible keywords :

In this case , the package has an additional reference attached to it and the whole article is known as a Product .
in this case , the package has an [more] reference attached to it and the whole article is known as a product .

The third part ( Sections 7–8 ) describes the additional facilities offered in support of software control , and the Visual Display Unit interface provided for users .
the third part ( sections 7–8 ) describes the [more] facilities offered in support of software control , and the visual display unit interface provided for users .

There are a number of additional operations such as hard copying and cancelling of DCs which , though important , have been omitted from the above description for the sake of clarity .
there are a number of [more] operations such as hard copying and cancelling of dcs which , though important , have been omitted from the above description for the sake of clarity .

This key enables you to exit immediately from the option , without performing any additional processing .
this key enables you to exit immediately from the option , without performing any [more] processing .

Any additional entries will cause earlier entries to be removed as normal .
any [more] entries will cause earlier entries to be removed as normal .

Activate DCs — Additional DCs .
activate dcs — [more] dcs .

Activate DCs — Additional DCs
activate dcs — [more] dcs

The name of the package specified on the previous page and the number of additional DCs which can be added will be displayed above the scrolled area , for information only .
the name of the package specified on the previous page and the number of [more] dcs which can be added will be displayed above the scrolled area , for information only .

This field allows you to indicate whether there is any additional information available to back up the problem outlined in the description .
this field allows you to indicate whether there is any [more] information available to back up the problem outlined in the description .

Only additional module names can be entered or the existing module version ranges extended .
only [more] module names can be entered or the existing module version ranges extended .

Additional modules names may now be entered , up to a maximum of 10 , or the range of existing modules extended .
[more] modules names may now be entered , up to a maximum of 10 , or the range of existing modules extended .

This column allows the names of any additional modules to be specified .
this column allows the names of any [more] modules to be specified .

This field allows you to indicate whether there is any additional information available to back up the remedy outlined in the description .
this field allows you to indicate whether there is any [more] information available to back up the remedy outlined in the description .

Only additional module names can be entered or the existing module version ranges extended .
only [more] module names can be entered or the existing module version ranges extended .

This column allows the names of the additional modules to be specified .
this column allows the names of the [more] modules to be specified .

The scrolled area allows you to enter any additional SPRs .
the scrolled area allows you to enter any [more] sprs .

This column allows the identifiers of any additional SPRs to be specified .
this column allows the identifiers of any [more] sprs to be specified .

Additional information exists — repeat for more details .
[more] information exists — repeat for more details .

Additional Products exist — repeat for more details .
[more] products exist — repeat for more details .

Additional SPRs exist — repeat for more details .
[more] sprs exist — repeat for more details .

Additional SSRs exist — repeat for more details .
[more] ssrs exist — repeat for more details .

In this case , the package has an additional reference attached to it and the whole article is known as a Product .
in this case , the package has an [more] reference attached to it and the whole article is known as a product .

Directory Integrity Check also provides two additional features :
directory integrity check also provides two [more] features :

Although ‘ Hot Hot Hot ’ , the other failure , retains the manic absurdity , it offers little in the way of additional entertainment .
although ‘ hot hot hot ’ , the other failure , retains the manic absurdity , it offers little in the way of [more] entertainment .

By-employments such as basket-making , hemp-dressing and wild-fowling gave them additional security .
by-employments such as basket-making , hemp-dressing and wild-fowling gave them [more] security .

Overseas orders ( except Eire ) are subject to an additional 25 % charge for postage .
overseas orders ( except eire ) are subject to an [more] 25 % charge for postage .

In 1868 , Donders attempted to measure the additional time taken by certain mental processes such as discrimination and choice .
in 1868 , donders attempted to measure the [more] time taken by certain mental processes such as discrimination and choice .

It was found that for each additional bit of information required this time increased about 377 msecs .
it was found that for each [more] bit of information required this time increased about 377 msecs .

The Stoddard Mercia Contract Sales Force has been strengthened with the appointment of two additional representatives .
the stoddard mercia contract sales force has been strengthened with the appointment of two [more] representatives .

At this meeting there was a further request for two additional carpets for the dais , where the two thrones are situated .
at this meeting there was a further request for two [more] carpets for the dais , where the two thrones are situated .

Sales are expanding considerably in the home market , using the ready made Stoddard Templeton sales force as an additional initiative on the retail side , backed up with an extensive contract involvement .
sales are expanding considerably in the home market , using the ready made stoddard templeton sales force as an [more] initiative on the retail side , backed up with an extensive contract involvement .

Further investment for additional backing plant driers is planned for the next stage , as Lyle becomes one of the most up-to-date tufting companies in the business .
further investment for [more] backing plant driers is planned for the next stage , as lyle becomes one of the most up-to-date tufting companies in the business .

An additional payment may be asked for if there are difficulties in posting forms to your husband or wife .
an [more] payment may be asked for if there are difficulties in posting forms to your husband or wife .

Additional awards were made at a later stage to three individuals who were unable to attend .
[more] awards were made at a later stage to three individuals who were unable to attend .

These additional products will be integrated into the Contract Portfolio of products in the near future , further increasing the scope of what is already a large choice .
these [more] products will be integrated into the contract portfolio of products in the near future , further increasing the scope of what is already a large choice .

An additional Chlidema rug was specially woven for the pillared dias on which the two thrones sit .
an [more] chlidema rug was specially woven for the pillared dias on which the two thrones sit .

The high priority being given to quality is also reflected in plans for additional equipment that will be installed during the July holidays .
the high priority being given to quality is also reflected in plans for [more] equipment that will be installed during the july holidays .

Receiving the award on behalf of the company , John Stewart , Managing Director , was delighted with the achievement ‘ It gives additional confidence to a range that was already well prepared and carefully targeted at a specific market ’ , he said .
receiving the award on behalf of the company , john stewart , managing director , was delighted with the achievement ‘ it gives [more] confidence to a range that was already well prepared and carefully targeted at a specific market ’ , he said .

Over the last year two large buying groups have been added to the customer list , their membership potentially increasing the sales base by an additional 370 new customers .
over the last year two large buying groups have been added to the customer list , their membership potentially increasing the sales base by an [more] 370 new customers .

Towards the end of the year , they sent eight of their technical staff to Elderslie on two separate visits for additional development work , using their own materials .
towards the end of the year , they sent eight of their technical staff to elderslie on two separate visits for [more] development work , using their own materials .

Six separate presentations were made by Simon Fraser , Director of Bonded Developments Ltd. , before the sofa was concluded , backed up with additional visits by Edgar Pickering of Pickering Staplina .
six separate presentations were made by simon fraser , director of bonded developments ltd. , before the sofa was concluded , backed up with [more] visits by edgar pickering of pickering staplina .

Two-shift working has been introduced on the tufting machines , creating additional jobs , all of which involved training of new recruits .
two-shift working has been introduced on the tufting machines , creating [more] jobs , all of which involved training of new recruits .

Two additional narrow width Gripper Axminster Looms have been installed .
two [more] narrow width gripper axminster looms have been installed .

We will also offer additional financial support to branches as soon as funds allow .
we will also offer [more] financial support to branches as soon as funds allow .

Such changes are always difficult to work through and additional constraints would be very frustrating for the association and its members .
such changes are always difficult to work through and [more] constraints would be very frustrating for the association and its members .

If the intention is to justify to the source of funds the need for additional finance as circumstances arise , the contingency sum can be lower .
if the intention is to justify to the source of funds the need for [more] finance as circumstances arise , the contingency sum can be lower .

When additional work is required for which payment has not been provided in the contract documents , the engineer may have power either to agree new rates for measured work or a fixed price for a defined piece of work .
when [more] work is required for which payment has not been provided in the contract documents , the engineer may have power either to agree new rates for measured work or a fixed price for a defined piece of work .

It follows that if a contractor can demonstrate that the resources available and those intended for use on site would enable the works to be finished early , the contractor would have good grounds for claiming reimbursement of additional costs if he or she was thwarted by the client 's delay .
it follows that if a contractor can demonstrate that the resources available and those intended for use on site would enable the works to be finished early , the contractor would have good grounds for claiming reimbursement of [more] costs if he or she was thwarted by the client 's delay .

It does not entitle the contractor to additional money .
it does not entitle the contractor to [more] money .

The associated additional cost arises from either people and equipment standing idle while instructions are awaited , or working at a reduced rate on other activities , therefore increasing durations of these activities .
the associated [more] cost arises from either people and equipment standing idle while instructions are awaited , or working at a reduced rate on other activities , therefore increasing durations of these activities .

There are two rules as to the admissibility or otherwise of a contractor 's claim the contractor must produce evidence that additional costs were actually incurred
there are two rules as to the admissibility or otherwise of a contractor 's claim the contractor must produce evidence that [more] costs were actually incurred

the contractor must prove that the additional costs incurred were reasonable in the circumstances .
the contractor must prove that the [more] costs incurred were reasonable in the circumstances .

When the engineer checks the claim , he or she needs to ensure that additional costs are not claimed twice , for example additional costs already recovered by additional measured work or dayworks or variations priced at current prices .
when the engineer checks the claim , he or she needs to ensure that [more] costs are not claimed twice , for example [more] costs already recovered by [more] measured work or dayworks or variations priced at current prices .

Each major site operation or resource type should be considered separately in terms of utilization , productivity and any premium costs of overtime or additional resources .
each major site operation or resource type should be considered separately in terms of utilization , productivity and any premium costs of overtime or [more] resources .

Providing that the grounds for the claim are clear and all necessary records are available , calculation of the additional cost for time related charges only should be relatively straightforward .
providing that the grounds for the claim are clear and all necessary records are available , calculation of the [more] cost for time related charges only should be relatively straightforward .

In awarding an extension of time and then , if appropriate , calculating any overheads due to be reimbursed , allowance should be made for any overheads already recouped through additional work items instructed which contributed to the extension of time .
in awarding an extension of time and then , if appropriate , calculating any overheads due to be reimbursed , allowance should be made for any overheads already recouped through [more] work items instructed which contributed to the extension of time .

An effective way of calculating the additional costs relating to plant and labour , which can usually be treated together , is to identify an undisrupted part of the project .
an effective way of calculating the [more] costs relating to plant and labour , which can usually be treated together , is to identify an undisrupted part of the project .

The earnings against expenditure achieved in this area can then be used as a control against which the costs of disrupted areas can be compared and entitlement to additional costs identified .
the earnings against expenditure achieved in this area can then be used as a control against which the costs of disrupted areas can be compared and entitlement to [more] costs identified .

The calculation of additional financing costs may also be carried out on a comparative basis , comparing what the costs would have been had the project not been delayed and disrupted compared with actual costs .
the calculation of [more] financing costs may also be carried out on a comparative basis , comparing what the costs would have been had the project not been delayed and disrupted compared with actual costs .

Additional charge on Heyday ( 18th June ) and as stated on events programme .
[more] charge on heyday ( 18th june ) and as stated on events programme .

Walesa wanted an election in the autumn of 1990 , and had already been nominated as a candidate by the Centre Alliance ( a new political grouping formed by his supporters on May 18 ) , with the additional support of the Green Party .
walesa wanted an election in the autumn of 1990 , and had already been nominated as a candidate by the centre alliance ( a new political grouping formed by his supporters on may 18 ) , with the [more] support of the green party .

Progress on the Lesotho Highlands Water Project , expected to become an important additional source of income and employment , was not expected to be affected by the political crisis in February 1990 ; the military government confirmed its intention of proceeding with the scheme under which hydroelectricity was to be generated in Lesotho and water was to be diverted from a catchment area in Lesotho to South Africa 's industrial heartland in the Transvaal [ see pp .
progress on the lesotho highlands water project , expected to become an important [more] source of income and employment , was not expected to be affected by the political crisis in february 1990 ; the military government confirmed its intention of proceeding with the scheme under which hydroelectricity was to be generated in lesotho and water was to be diverted from a catchment area in lesotho to south africa 's industrial heartland in the transvaal [ see pp .

The elections were conducted under a new electoral law passed by the NUP-controlled Assembly in October 1989 , under which additional seats were given to the larger parties , thus allowing them to gain the maximum number of seats with the minimum of votes .
the elections were conducted under a new electoral law passed by the nup-controlled assembly in october 1989 , under which [more] seats were given to the larger parties , thus allowing them to gain the maximum number of seats with the minimum of votes .

Biya also appointed an additional Secretary of State at the Finance Ministry ( Roger Tshoungi , the former director of economic and financial controls ) , and a second Minister at the Presidency in charge of Special Missions ( Emmanuel Zoa Oloa , a former holder of this post and the incumbent Deputy Secretary-General at the Presidency ) .
biya also appointed an [more] secretary of state at the finance ministry ( roger tshoungi , the former director of economic and financial controls ) , and a second minister at the presidency in charge of special missions ( emmanuel zoa oloa , a former holder of this post and the incumbent deputy secretary-general at the presidency ) .

Up to 50,000 heads of households and their families would fall into one of four categories of eligibility for full British citizenship : there would be a general allocation for 36,200 people and additional allocations for key entrepreneurs ( 500 ) ; disciplined services ( 7,000 ) ; and sensitive services ( 6,300 ) .
up to 50,000 heads of households and their families would fall into one of four categories of eligibility for full british citizenship : there would be a general allocation for 36,200 people and [more] allocations for key entrepreneurs ( 500 ) ; disciplined services ( 7,000 ) ; and sensitive services ( 6,300 ) .

36470 ; 36514-15 ; for additional special measures imposed in January 1990 see p. 37173 ] , Serbian police and Serbian troops ( the latter first being put on active service on Feb. 20 — see p. 37255 ) had faced widespread accusations of using excessive force to quell the strikes and demonstrations .
36470 ; 36514-15 ; for [more] special measures imposed in january 1990 see p. 37173 ] , serbian police and serbian troops ( the latter first being put on active service on feb. 20 — see p. 37255 ) had faced widespread accusations of using excessive force to quell the strikes and demonstrations .

Congressional criticism of Bush 's proposals concentrated on the limited additional funding provided ; Democrats proposed an alternative plan , calling for total spending of $ 10,100 million , the additional $ 2,200 million to be provided by across-the-board reductions in federal programmes .
congressional criticism of bush 's proposals concentrated on the limited [more] funding provided ; democrats proposed an alternative plan , calling for total spending of $ 10,100 million , the [more] $ 2,200 million to be provided by across-the-board reductions in federal programmes .

34751-52 ; 34779-81 ; 35401-02 ; 35844 ; 36460-62 ; 36471 ; 37324 ] amounted to more than 10,000 million roubles , Ryzhkov told the politburo in November , while the Byelorussian authorities had appealed for an additional 10,000 million roubles for their clean-up and resettlement work .
34751-52 ; 34779-81 ; 35401-02 ; 35844 ; 36460-62 ; 36471 ; 37324 ] amounted to more than 10,000 million roubles , ryzhkov told the politburo in november , while the byelorussian authorities had appealed for an [more] 10,000 million roubles for their clean-up and resettlement work .

They included reforms within the Inland Revenue Service ( raising $ 3,000 million ) and Bush 's controversial capital gains tax changes , dropped from the fiscal 1990 budget under congressional pressure [ see p. 37036 ] , which actually involved reducing the rate of tax , but were assessed as encouraging sufficient declarations of capital gains in fiscal 1991 to raise an additional $ 4,900 million .
they included reforms within the inland revenue service ( raising $ 3,000 million ) and bush 's controversial capital gains tax changes , dropped from the fiscal 1990 budget under congressional pressure [ see p. 37036 ] , which actually involved reducing the rate of tax , but were assessed as encouraging sufficient declarations of capital gains in fiscal 1991 to raise an [more] $ 4,900 million .

Moiseyev further announced on Oct. 27 ( while Gorbachev was visiting Finland-see p. 36984 ) that the Soviet Army was to institute an additional cut of 40,000 troops and 1,200 tanks , as well as `` substantial cuts ' in artillery , in its north-western group in the Baltic area .
moiseyev further announced on oct. 27 ( while gorbachev was visiting finland-see p. 36984 ) that the soviet army was to institute an [more] cut of 40,000 troops and 1,200 tanks , as well as `` substantial cuts ' in artillery , in its north-western group in the baltic area .

By Aug. 13 , when Mitterrand launched a diplomatic initiative by sending emissaries to Arab and non-aligned countries , the French commitment in the Gulf region included an additional naval cruiser in a total of seven ships and 3,500 men , with heavy transport helicopters and light attack helicopters .
by aug. 13 , when mitterrand launched a diplomatic initiative by sending emissaries to arab and non-aligned countries , the french commitment in the gulf region included an [more] naval cruiser in a total of seven ships and 3,500 men , with heavy transport helicopters and light attack helicopters .

He promised additional internal measures , including special courts , secure prisons and special protection for judges , but added that increased international co-operation was needed to spread the financial cost of drug enforcement in order to ensure stricter controls on drug distribution networks , money laundering , and the sale of arms and chemical components .
he promised [more] internal measures , including special courts , secure prisons and special protection for judges , but added that increased international co-operation was needed to spread the financial cost of drug enforcement in order to ensure stricter controls on drug distribution networks , money laundering , and the sale of arms and chemical components .

Announcing a curfew and dropping leaflets on Aug. 21 to warn of impending air strikes , the government brought up some 5,000 additional troops by ship and plane .
announcing a curfew and dropping leaflets on aug. 21 to warn of impending air strikes , the government brought up some 5,000 [more] troops by ship and plane .

Unemployment rose from 272,000 in July ( 3.1 per cent of the workforce ) to 350,000 at the end of August ( 4.17 per cent of the workforce ) , with an additional 10 per cent of the workforce employed only on a short-time basis .
unemployment rose from 272,000 in july ( 3.1 per cent of the workforce ) to 350,000 at the end of august ( 4.17 per cent of the workforce ) , with an [more] 10 per cent of the workforce employed only on a short-time basis .

On Sept. 14 it was reported that Pakistan was seeking $500 million from several Western governments to help offset the $1,000 million in additional costs caused by the loss of remittances from Pakistani workers in Kuwait and Iraq and by a rising oil bill .
on sept. 14 it was reported that pakistan was seeking $500 million from several western governments to help offset the $1,000 million in [more] costs caused by the loss of remittances from pakistani workers in kuwait and iraq and by a rising oil bill .

The Quebec government ordered the Army to dismantle the barricades on Aug. 27 , having refused to accede to the Mohawks ' additional demands that they be treated as a sovereign nation during negotiations and be granted immunity from prosecution .
the quebec government ordered the army to dismantle the barricades on aug. 27 , having refused to accede to the mohawks ' [more] demands that they be treated as a sovereign nation during negotiations and be granted immunity from prosecution .

37631-41 ; 37694-97 ] , Camdessus urged the richer countries to assist those unable to `` cope with the additional burden `` of rising oil prices and the loss of earnings from worker remittances .
37631-41 ; 37694-97 ] , camdessus urged the richer countries to assist those unable to `` cope with the [more] burden `` of rising oil prices and the loss of earnings from worker remittances .

The agreement , under which the government expected to save $1,000 million , included options for the creditor banks ( i ) to make new bond loans carrying a 15-year maturity and seven-year grace period before payment of interest which would be equivalent to 20 per cent of their exposure ; ( ii ) to offer 30 per cent discounts on bonds for loans swaps in return for guarantees on principal and interest payments and additional payments after six years if oil prices rose beyond a specified level ( thought to be $26 per barrel ) ; ( iii ) to cut interest rates to 5 per cent for two years before gradually raising them ; or ( iv ) to allow the Venezuelan government to buy back existing loans at larger discounts ( estimated to be 60-65 per cent ) should the banks be willing to take the loss .
the agreement , under which the government expected to save $1,000 million , included options for the creditor banks ( i ) to make new bond loans carrying a 15-year maturity and seven-year grace period before payment of interest which would be equivalent to 20 per cent of their exposure ; ( ii ) to offer 30 per cent discounts on bonds for loans swaps in return for guarantees on principal and interest payments and [more] payments after six years if oil prices rose beyond a specified level ( thought to be $26 per barrel ) ; ( iii ) to cut interest rates to 5 per cent for two years before gradually raising them ; or ( iv ) to allow the venezuelan government to buy back existing loans at larger discounts ( estimated to be 60-65 per cent ) should the banks be willing to take the loss .

On Feb. 13 the Soviet Union and United States announced their intention to reduce the number of their troops stationed in Central Europe to 195,000 each , while the United States would be allowed to station an additional 30,000 troops in other European countries ( primarily Italy , Turkey and the United Kingdom ) .
on feb. 13 the soviet union and united states announced their intention to reduce the number of their troops stationed in central europe to 195,000 each , while the united states would be allowed to station an [more] 30,000 troops in other european countries ( primarily italy , turkey and the united kingdom ) .

An additional factor was Bangalore airport 's lack of the instrument landing system in operation at most major airports to facilitate landings .
an [more] factor was bangalore airport 's lack of the instrument landing system in operation at most major airports to facilitate landings .

An interesting additional finding which is stressed is that it appears that such people are more rather than less likely to exhibit qualities of psychological balance and social responsibility .
an interesting [more] finding which is stressed is that it appears that such people are more rather than less likely to exhibit qualities of psychological balance and social responsibility .

The second session of Parliament , which began on 9 November , saw an attack on the standing army , the Commons refusing to vote supply for the additional forces that had been raised over the summer , and instead resolving to bring in a bill to reform the militia .
the second session of parliament , which began on 9 november , saw an attack on the standing army , the commons refusing to vote supply for the [more] forces that had been raised over the summer , and instead resolving to bring in a bill to reform the militia .

Still image work has the additional advantage of being easily repeatable .
still image work has the [more] advantage of being easily repeatable .

In return for accepting these obligations — obligations which , it should be recalled , are additional to the normal requirements as to conduct and to financial reporting imposed on all members of the London Stock Exchange — gilt-edged market makers have the right to certain privileges .
in return for accepting these obligations — obligations which , it should be recalled , are [more] to the normal requirements as to conduct and to financial reporting imposed on all members of the london stock exchange — gilt-edged market makers have the right to certain privileges .

Issues of eurobonds are limited to highly rated and usually well known borrowers so investors do not require additional security in the form of specific claims on assets provided by domestically issued debentures .
issues of eurobonds are limited to highly rated and usually well known borrowers so investors do not require [more] security in the form of specific claims on assets provided by domestically issued debentures .

Here there was an additional complication in that Euric and his people were arian Christians , who believed that the Holy Trinity was a hierarchy , in which the Father , Son and Holy Ghost were not equal , while the majority of the Gallo-Romans , including Sidonius , were catholics , and insisted on the equality of the three persons in the Godhead .
here there was an [more] complication in that euric and his people were arian christians , who believed that the holy trinity was a hierarchy , in which the father , son and holy ghost were not equal , while the majority of the gallo-romans , including sidonius , were catholics , and insisted on the equality of the three persons in the godhead .

Five gallons of wine was to be levied on every half acre of land , and there was to be an additional tax on manpower .
five gallons of wine was to be levied on every half acre of land , and there was to be an [more] tax on manpower .

Writing in the eighth century the Lombard historian Paul the Deacon provides some additional information relating to the involvement of Childebert in the elevation of Tassilo as `` king `` of the Bavarians , confirming his influence outside Francia itself .
writing in the eighth century the lombard historian paul the deacon provides some [more] information relating to the involvement of childebert in the elevation of tassilo as `` king `` of the bavarians , confirming his influence outside francia itself .

Banks who wish to acquire additional deposits in order to match their loan commitments bid for such deposits .
banks who wish to acquire [more] deposits in order to match their loan commitments bid for such deposits .

Two months after Unkiar-Skelessi , at Münchengrätz in Bohemia , he explained his Turkish policy to the Emperor of Austria and persuaded him to act as an additional guarantor of the integrity of the Ottoman lands .
two months after unkiar-skelessi , at münchengrätz in bohemia , he explained his turkish policy to the emperor of austria and persuaded him to act as an [more] guarantor of the integrity of the ottoman lands .

This was certainly the conclusion of contemporary intellectuals , almost all of whom thought that the government 's attempts to raise additional troops created more problems than they solved .
this was certainly the conclusion of contemporary intellectuals , almost all of whom thought that the government 's attempts to raise [more] troops created more problems than they solved .

He was determined to restore order in the countryside , to avoid giving the impression that nobles could force him into concessions , and to silence the most determined of his critics , but he neither abandoned the task of implementing the emancipation statutes nor fought shy of enacting the additional measures to which freeing the serfs gave rise .
he was determined to restore order in the countryside , to avoid giving the impression that nobles could force him into concessions , and to silence the most determined of his critics , but he neither abandoned the task of implementing the emancipation statutes nor fought shy of enacting the [more] measures to which freeing the serfs gave rise .

Although the new level of provincial administration gave peasants an additional form of self-government , its real purpose was the improvement of St Petersburg 's line-management .
although the new level of provincial administration gave peasants an [more] form of self-government , its real purpose was the improvement of st petersburg 's line-management .

By the time of the French revolution three main classes of diplomat were generally recognised : the ambassador , with or without the title of `` extraordinary `` ; the envoy or envoy extraordinary , often with the additional designation of `` minister plenipotentiary `` ; and the resident , or now more commonly minister resident ( the term `` minister `` as a somewhat vague diplomatic title went back to at least the mid-sixteenth century ) .
by the time of the french revolution three main classes of diplomat were generally recognised : the ambassador , with or without the title of `` extraordinary `` ; the envoy or envoy extraordinary , often with the [more] designation of `` minister plenipotentiary `` ; and the resident , or now more commonly minister resident ( the term `` minister `` as a somewhat vague diplomatic title went back to at least the mid-sixteenth century ) .

However , the money was used ( rather typically for the English universities of this period ) to help finance an additional chair of Arabic rather than an increased number of students .
however , the money was used ( rather typically for the english universities of this period ) to help finance an [more] chair of arabic rather than an increased number of students .

In such cases the implicit definition of `` we `` always includes some additional factor such as those mentioned on p.128 . ``
in such cases the implicit definition of `` we `` always includes some [more] factor such as those mentioned on p.128 . ``

The legal agreements between the buyer and the seller are additional matters for negotiation .
the legal agreements between the buyer and the seller are [more] matters for negotiation .

Additional considerations if a client is not a corporate finance client
[more] considerations if a client is not a corporate finance client

0403.5 Additional considerations if a client is not a corporate finance client
0403.5 [more] considerations if a client is not a corporate finance client

The requirements as to title documents also apply to custodial investments , but there are additional requirements for , inter alia , regular valuations for internal reporting purposes .
the requirements as to title documents also apply to custodial investments , but there are [more] requirements for , inter alia , regular valuations for internal reporting purposes .

receive additional reward commensurate with any additional risk undertaken ;
receive [more] reward commensurate with any [more] risk undertaken ;

The confidentiality letter should cover both the memorandum and also any additional information which might be subsequently released .
the confidentiality letter should cover both the memorandum and also any [more] information which might be subsequently released .

On larger sales or ones with special confidentiality considerations it may be appropriate to prepare additional document for distribution such as a second phase transaction pack .
on larger sales or ones with special confidentiality considerations it may be appropriate to prepare [more] document for distribution such as a second phase transaction pack .

what additional information may be released during verbal discussions with interested parties and in what circumstances .
what [more] information may be released during verbal discussions with interested parties and in what circumstances .

Use the release of additional information to the vendor 's best advantage .
use the release of [more] information to the vendor 's best advantage .

The vendor can try to obtain additional protection by obtaining agreement from the purchaser that the issue of the accounting policies may only be discussed , and if appropriate the policies amended , following due diligence .
the vendor can try to obtain [more] protection by obtaining agreement from the purchaser that the issue of the accounting policies may only be discussed , and if appropriate the policies amended , following due diligence .

In the event that the initiating member wishes additional professional services to be provided by the Network member submitting the suggestion , then such services should be paid for on a separate and non-contingent basis by the initiating member .
in the event that the initiating member wishes [more] professional services to be provided by the network member submitting the suggestion , then such services should be paid for on a separate and non-contingent basis by the initiating member .

Additional considerations specific to acquisitions are covered at the appropriate points in this chapter .
[more] considerations specific to acquisitions are covered at the appropriate points in this chapter .

The acquirer 's solicitor should reserve the right to incorporate additional warranties when he has received all the information about the target , read the accountants ' report and read the draft disclosure letter .
the acquirer 's solicitor should reserve the right to incorporate [more] warranties when he has received all the information about the target , read the accountants ' report and read the draft disclosure letter .

This section deals with the additional operational procedures specific to valuation engagements and applies equally to commercial and non-commercial valuations .
this section deals with the [more] operational procedures specific to valuation engagements and applies equally to commercial and non-commercial valuations .

Because of the sensitive nature of this service the pre-issuance review is necessary to give additional assurance that the firm policy is adhered to and that the firm 's report is clear and responds to the needs of the client .
because of the sensitive nature of this service the pre-issuance review is necessary to give [more] assurance that the firm policy is adhered to and that the firm 's report is clear and responds to the needs of the client .

It is generally assumed that ‘ control ’ is a desirable feature and therefore has an additional premium value , ie purchasers will pay extra to acquire control and vendors will expect extra money to relinquish control .
it is generally assumed that ‘ control ’ is a desirable feature and therefore has an [more] premium value , ie purchasers will pay extra to acquire control and vendors will expect extra money to relinquish control .

In certain cases an additional list of non — applicable items also needs to be submitted in the form of a letter .
in certain cases an [more] list of non — applicable items also needs to be submitted in the form of a letter .

Stage 3 : Additional criteria would be defined and agreed with the client to compile the shortlist of target companies . Further detailed information about the specific companies would be gained by desk research methods using all or some of the following :
stage 3 : [more] criteria would be defined and agreed with the client to compile the shortlist of target companies . further detailed information about the specific companies would be gained by desk research methods using all or some of the following :

Whilst an estimate of our fees has been given , additional costs may be required as a result of any material change in the assignment or difficulties in obtaining information which could not reasonably be foreseen and which caused additional work not included in the original estimate .
whilst an estimate of our fees has been given , [more] costs may be required as a result of any material change in the assignment or difficulties in obtaining information which could not reasonably be foreseen and which caused [more] work not included in the original estimate .

Additional criteria would be defined and agreed with you to compile the shortlist of target companies . Further detailed information about the specific companies would be gained by desk research methods using :
[more] criteria would be defined and agreed with you to compile the shortlist of target companies . further detailed information about the specific companies would be gained by desk research methods using :

There may be other issues of importance to prospective investors , who must undertake their own additional enquiries , as they see fit .
there may be other issues of importance to prospective investors , who must undertake their own [more] enquiries , as they see fit .

An opportunity will be made available for prospective investors to make additional enquiries .
an opportunity will be made available for prospective investors to make [more] enquiries .

Additional information and contacts
[more] information and contacts

The price at which you are interested in acquiring 100% of the share capital of [ name ] together with the five additional property assets .
the price at which you are interested in acquiring 100% of the share capital of [ name ] together with the five [more] property assets .

Additional information
[more] information

This additional information will be provided together with a draft heads of agreement .
this [more] information will be provided together with a draft heads of agreement .

Name Limited ( ‘ Name ’ ) and additional freehold properties
name limited ( ‘ name ’ ) and [more] freehold properties

The completion accounts shall consist of [ a statement of net assets of the business drawn up at the transfer date and a profit and loss account for the xx months then ended and such additional notes as the Vendor 's accountants shall deem reasonable ] and shall be prepared , in order of descending priority , with due regard to the concept of materiality in accordance with :
the completion accounts shall consist of [ a statement of net assets of the business drawn up at the transfer date and a profit and loss account for the xx months then ended and such [more] notes as the vendor 's accountants shall deem reasonable ] and shall be prepared , in order of descending priority , with due regard to the concept of materiality in accordance with :

The completion accounts shall consist of [ a statement of net assets of the business drawn up at the transfer date and a profit and loss account for the xx months then ended and such additional notes as the Vendor 's accountants shall deem reasonable ] and shall be prepared , in order of descending priority , with due regard to the concept of materiality in accordance with :
the completion accounts shall consist of [ a statement of net assets of the business drawn up at the transfer date and a profit and loss account for the xx months then ended and such [more] notes as the vendor 's accountants shall deem reasonable ] and shall be prepared , in order of descending priority , with due regard to the concept of materiality in accordance with :

Contrary to the Purchaser 's earlier argument therefore the indemnity basis does not simplify matters ; it brings an additional complication .
contrary to the purchaser 's earlier argument therefore the indemnity basis does not simplify matters ; it brings an [more] complication .

It is unreasonable to expect them to anticipate what additional rights they ought to have .
it is unreasonable to expect them to anticipate what [more] rights they ought to have .

This is an alternative to 4.1 and again it requires the Vendor to anticipate what additional rights the Business should be authorised to use .
this is an alternative to 4.1 and again it requires the vendor to anticipate what [more] rights the business should be authorised to use .

Quite average players , given good health , dedication and a competitive spirit , can acquire a fortune in a circus atmosphere which attracts additional opportunities galore , thrown up by business brains who exploit cashmere-clad headline snatchers touring the world to romantic places , and surviving an onslaught of dotty hangers-on .
quite average players , given good health , dedication and a competitive spirit , can acquire a fortune in a circus atmosphere which attracts [more] opportunities galore , thrown up by business brains who exploit cashmere-clad headline snatchers touring the world to romantic places , and surviving an onslaught of dotty hangers-on .

It may also serve as an additional stimulus to develop non-addictive pain-killers .
it may also serve as an [more] stimulus to develop non-addictive pain-killers .

There are additional costs of producing the accounts both direct and indirect .
there are [more] costs of producing the accounts both direct and indirect .

St David 's University College of Wales , Lampeter Additional Sponsors : Nurdin & Peacock Plc. ;
st david 's university college of wales , lampeter [more] sponsors : nurdin & peacock plc. ;

University College of South Wales , Cardiff Additional Sponsors : West Wales Construction Campaign Swansea Business Centre ;
university college of south wales , cardiff [more] sponsors : west wales construction campaign swansea business centre ;

University of Wales Institute of Science & Technology Additional Sponsors : Trusthouse Forte Hotels Ltd ;
university of wales institute of science & technology [more] sponsors : trusthouse forte hotels ltd ;

University of Wales Institute of Science & Technology Additional Sponsors : Powys Self-Help Enterprise Trust ;
university of wales institute of science & technology [more] sponsors : powys self-help enterprise trust ;

Bath University Additional Sponsors : Hengstler Flexitime Limited ;
bath university [more] sponsors : hengstler flexitime limited ;

Bristol Polytechnic Additional Sponsors : Craigwell Electronics Ltd ;
bristol polytechnic [more] sponsors : craigwell electronics ltd ;

Buckinghamshire College of Higher Education Additional Sponsors : Peterborough Festival of Country Music Limited ;
buckinghamshire college of higher education [more] sponsors : peterborough festival of country music limited ;

Buckinghamshire College of Higher Education Additional Sponsors : The Working Men 's Club and Institute Union Ltd ;
buckinghamshire college of higher education [more] sponsors : the working men 's club and institute union ltd ;

Coventry ( Lanchester ) Polytechnic Additional Sponsors : Orion Airways Ltd ;
coventry ( lanchester ) polytechnic [more] sponsors : orion airways ltd ;

Having come into being to market a single product or service , small firms must reach a stage where additional new products are required in order to fill the ‘ product gap ’ .
having come into being to market a single product or service , small firms must reach a stage where [more] new products are required in order to fill the ‘ product gap ’ .

Humberside College of Higher Education Additional Sponsors : Humberside County Council , Economic Development Unit ;
humberside college of higher education [more] sponsors : humberside county council , economic development unit ;

Humberside College of Higher Education Additional Sponsors : Ambience Limited ;
humberside college of higher education [more] sponsors : ambience limited ;

Keele University Additional Sponsors : Staffordshire Potteries Limited ;
keele university [more] sponsors : staffordshire potteries limited ;

Costings are being made before and after , and any gains compared with any additional costs involved in the change .
costings are being made before and after , and any gains compared with any [more] costs involved in the change .

Keele University Additional Sponsors : Matthey Printed Products Limited ;
keele university [more] sponsors : matthey printed products limited ;

Lancaster University Additional Sponsors : The Trident Trust ;
lancaster university [more] sponsors : the trident trust ;

Lancaster University Additional Sponsors : Lakeland Veterinary Association ;
lancaster university [more] sponsors : lakeland veterinary association ;

ii ) to uncover any additional information contained in the disaggregated data which may help to identify appropriate reportable segments from multi-activity companies .
ii ) to uncover any [more] information contained in the disaggregated data which may help to identify appropriate reportable segments from multi-activity companies .

Newcastle upon Tyne University Additional Sponsors : Peat Marwick Mitchell ;
newcastle upon tyne university [more] sponsors : peat marwick mitchell ;

South Bank Polytechnic Additional Sponsors : National Graphical Association ;
south bank polytechnic [more] sponsors : national graphical association ;

William Temple Foundation Additional Sponsors : Salford Community Enterprise Development Agency Limited ;
william temple foundation [more] sponsors : salford community enterprise development agency limited ;

University College of South Wales , Swansea Additional Sponsors : Swansea Yacht Haven ;
university college of south wales , swansea [more] sponsors : swansea yacht haven ;

Most of its clients reside in South Wales but it was considered that the West Midlands would offer an additional source of berth holders .
most of its clients reside in south wales but it was considered that the west midlands would offer an [more] source of berth holders .

As a result three Census Wards were identified as first order target Wards for a marketing exercise , and seven additional Wards as second order target Wards .
as a result three census wards were identified as first order target wards for a marketing exercise , and seven [more] wards as second order target wards .

University College of South Wales , Swansea Additional Sponsors : Inspectorate — Unit Inspection ;
university college of south wales , swansea [more] sponsors : inspectorate — unit inspection ;

University College of South Wales , Swansea Additional Sponsors : Tefi Valley Community Sports and Leisure Centre ;
university college of south wales , swansea [more] sponsors : tefi valley community sports and leisure centre ;

University College of South Wales , Swansea Additional Sponsors : Brooke Bond Oxo Limited ;
university college of south wales , swansea [more] sponsors : brooke bond oxo limited ;

University College of South Wales , Swansea Additional Sponsors : Corporate Technology Group Limited ;
university college of south wales , swansea [more] sponsors : corporate technology group limited ;

University College of South Wales , Swansea Additional Sponsors : Tom Smith and Clarke Ltd ;
university college of south wales , swansea [more] sponsors : tom smith and clarke ltd ;

University College of South Wales , Swansea Additional Sponsors : Corgi Toys Limited ;
university college of south wales , swansea [more] sponsors : corgi toys limited ;

Aberdeen Economy Additional Sponsors : Michael Matthews ( Personnel and Management Services Ltd ) ;
aberdeen economy [more] sponsors : michael matthews ( personnel and management services ltd ) ;

Buckinghamshire College of Higher Education Additional Sponsors : Business in the Community ;
buckinghamshire college of higher education [more] sponsors : business in the community ;

Glasgow University Additional Sponsors : Arthur Anderson & Co. ;
glasgow university [more] sponsors : arthur anderson & co. ;

It is also known that whilst some companies provide only the minimum information required by law , other companies provide additional information voluntarily .
it is also known that whilst some companies provide only the minimum information required by law , other companies provide [more] information voluntarily .

2 ) To what extent does such information meet the demands for additional information made by users of accounts ?
2 ) to what extent does such information meet the demands for [more] information made by users of accounts ?

Glasgow University Additional Sponsors : Ardrossan , Saltcoats & Stevenston Enterprise Trust ;
glasgow university [more] sponsors : ardrossan , saltcoats & stevenston enterprise trust ;

Glasgow University Additional Sponsors : National Cash Registers ( Dundee ) ;
glasgow university [more] sponsors : national cash registers ( dundee ) ;

Glasgow University Additional Sponsors : Leyland Vehicles ( Albion Plant , Glasgow ) ;
glasgow university [more] sponsors : leyland vehicles ( albion plant , glasgow ) ;

Kingston Polytechnic Additional Sponsors : Engineering Employers East Midlands Association ;
kingston polytechnic [more] sponsors : engineering employers east midlands association ;

Thornton Ltd had noticed that opening of an additional shop did not always increase city-wide turnover , but shared pre-existing turnover between all sites .
thornton ltd had noticed that opening of an [more] shop did not always increase city-wide turnover , but shared pre-existing turnover between all sites .

Stirling University Additional Sponsors : Alloa Brewery Company Ltd ;
stirling university [more] sponsors : alloa brewery company ltd ;

Stirling University Additional Sponsors : Stirling Enterprise Park ;
stirling university [more] sponsors : stirling enterprise park ;

University of Manchester Institute of Science & Technology Additional Sponsors : National Provident Institution ;
university of manchester institute of science & technology [more] sponsors : national provident institution ;

York University Additional Sponsors : Yorkshire Post Newspapers Ltd ;
york university [more] sponsors : yorkshire post newspapers ltd ;

Cranfield Institute of Technology Additional Sponsors : Agricultural Training Board ;
cranfield institute of technology [more] sponsors : agricultural training board ;

Cranfield Institute of Technology Additional Sponsors : Straw Feed Services Limited ;
cranfield institute of technology [more] sponsors : straw feed services limited ;

East Anglia University Additional Sponsors : Computer Technology and Training Ltd ;
east anglia university [more] sponsors : computer technology and training ltd ;

East Anglia University Additional Sponsors : Sinergy Computers Limited ;
east anglia university [more] sponsors : sinergy computers limited ;

East Anglia University Additional Sponsors : Bartlett , Ray and Jarvis Limited ;
east anglia university [more] sponsors : bartlett , ray and jarvis limited ;

East Anglia University Additional Sponsors : Norwich and Norfolk Co-operative Development Agency ;
east anglia university [more] sponsors : norwich and norfolk co-operative development agency ;

East Anglia University Additional Sponsors : Norwich Community Workshop ;
east anglia university [more] sponsors : norwich community workshop ;

University College of South Wales , Cardiff Additional Sponsors : Community Support Anti-Waste Scheme Ltd. ;
university college of south wales , cardiff [more] sponsors : community support anti-waste scheme ltd. ;

University of Wales Institute of Science & Technology Additional Sponsors : Robert Williams and Sons Ltd ;
university of wales institute of science & technology [more] sponsors : robert williams and sons ltd ;

This development raises important policy issues for bank regulators , in particular because of the possible additional risks to individual institutions and to the banking system as a whole .
this development raises important policy issues for bank regulators , in particular because of the possible [more] risks to individual institutions and to the banking system as a whole .

Glasgow University Additional Sponsors : The Scottish Craftmanship Association Limited ;
glasgow university [more] sponsors : the scottish craftmanship association limited ;

In some case such as subsidised motorists and those with high values of time , it is argued that road pricing will have little impact , and could even encourage additional travel .
in some case such as subsidised motorists and those with high values of time , it is argued that road pricing will have little impact , and could even encourage [more] travel .

Newcastle upon Tyne University Additional Sponsors : Price Waterhouse ;
newcastle upon tyne university [more] sponsors : price waterhouse ;

St Andrews University Additional Sponsors : Ipswich Enterprise Agency , Ipswich ;
st andrews university [more] sponsors : ipswich enterprise agency , ipswich ;

Results will be published in a book covering the whole field of tax administration and compliance , and in additional articles .
results will be published in a book covering the whole field of tax administration and compliance , and in [more] articles .

University College of South Wales , Swansea Additional Sponsors : Henley Burrowes Ltd. , Worcester ;
university college of south wales , swansea [more] sponsors : henley burrowes ltd. , worcester ;

The French and British governments are following exactly the opposite policies on production in the public sector ; the French have nationalised an additional 12 % of industrial output while the British have begun to sell public assets to the private sector and to plan a vigorous programme of privatisation over the next few years .
the french and british governments are following exactly the opposite policies on production in the public sector ; the french have nationalised an [more] 12 % of industrial output while the british have begun to sell public assets to the private sector and to plan a vigorous programme of privatisation over the next few years .

The main conclusions of the survey relate to the costs and benefits of training , the extent to which additional employment is generated and the rate at which trainees leave the scheme .
the main conclusions of the survey relate to the costs and benefits of training , the extent to which [more] employment is generated and the rate at which trainees leave the scheme .

East Anglia University Additional Sponsors : Briton Chadwick Limited ;
east anglia university [more] sponsors : briton chadwick limited ;

East Anglia University Additional Sponsors : Agricultural Engineers Association ;
east anglia university [more] sponsors : agricultural engineers association ;

East Anglia University Additional Sponsors : Norfolk County Council ;
east anglia university [more] sponsors : norfolk county council ;

Public transport services clearly have direct benefits to those who use them but there are additional benefits of public transport provision .
public transport services clearly have direct benefits to those who use them but there are [more] benefits of public transport provision .

The aim of this project is to include these additional benefits .
the aim of this project is to include these [more] benefits .

Additional studies on weights and measures , and Scottish numismatics will also be undertaken to assist in the interpretation of the collected price data .
[more] studies on weights and measures , and scottish numismatics will also be undertaken to assist in the interpretation of the collected price data .

The existence of significant economies of scale within the economy also means that the standard theorems of welfare economics on the efficiency of a market economy no longer apply , and additional mechanisms must be designed for achieving the advantages of increasing returns whilst avoiding the disadvantages of the exploitation of market power which large organisations may possess .
the existence of significant economies of scale within the economy also means that the standard theorems of welfare economics on the efficiency of a market economy no longer apply , and [more] mechanisms must be designed for achieving the advantages of increasing returns whilst avoiding the disadvantages of the exploitation of market power which large organisations may possess .

The idea is that by estimating a general correction mechanism and investigating its stability properties it may be possible to bring to bear an additional set of criteria in deciding whether agnostically estimated dynamic specifications are economically reasonable .
the idea is that by estimating a general correction mechanism and investigating its stability properties it may be possible to bring to bear an [more] set of criteria in deciding whether agnostically estimated dynamic specifications are economically reasonable .

The problem is to raise additional income in a manner consistent with the government 's social objectives — with respect to income distribution , for example — as well as with planned levels of production , investment and public expenditure .
the problem is to raise [more] income in a manner consistent with the government 's social objectives — with respect to income distribution , for example — as well as with planned levels of production , investment and public expenditure .

University College of South Wales , Cardiff Additional Sponsors : Mid-Glamorgan County Council , Economic Policy and Research Unit ;
university college of south wales , cardiff [more] sponsors : mid-glamorgan county council , economic policy and research unit ;

Essex University Additional Sponsors : Basildon Council ;
essex university [more] sponsors : basildon council ;

Aberdeen University Additional Sponsors : Scottish Downs Syndrome Association ;
aberdeen university [more] sponsors : scottish downs syndrome association ;

University College of South Wales , Swansea Additional Sponsors : East Dyfed Health Authority ;
university college of south wales , swansea [more] sponsors : east dyfed health authority ;

University College of South Wales , Swansea Additional Sponsors : Youth Enterprise Swansea ;
university college of south wales , swansea [more] sponsors : youth enterprise swansea ;

Central London Polytechnic Additional Sponsors : London Enterprise Agency ( LEntA ) ;
central london polytechnic [more] sponsors : london enterprise agency ( lenta ) ;

An additional aspect of the study is to identify the manner in which British buyers use their French properties ( as second-homes , for rent as a holiday home , for retirement , as a new permanent home , etc ) and to consider the reactions of local communities to an influx of British home owners .
an [more] aspect of the study is to identify the manner in which british buyers use their french properties ( as second-homes , for rent as a holiday home , for retirement , as a new permanent home , etc ) and to consider the reactions of local communities to an influx of british home owners .

University College of South Wales , Swansea Additional Sponsors : Llynfi Valley Joint Development Committee Afan Valley Co- operative Development Agency Amman Valley Partnership ;
university college of south wales , swansea [more] sponsors : llynfi valley joint development committee afan valley co- operative development agency amman valley partnership ;

Durham University Additional Sponsors : Durham Colliery Mechanics Association ;
durham university [more] sponsors : durham colliery mechanics association ;

East Anglia University Additional Sponsors : Norwich Diocese of the Church of England via Norvicase ( Diocesan Board for Social Responsibility ) Norwich Industrial Mission ;
east anglia university [more] sponsors : norwich diocese of the church of england via norvicase ( diocesan board for social responsibility ) norwich industrial mission ;

University College of South Wales , Swansea Additional Sponsors : Carmarthen District Council ;
university college of south wales , swansea [more] sponsors : carmarthen district council ;

Additional hazards are provided by the 80 sand bunkers dotted along the manicured fairways and the magnificent greens .
[more] hazards are provided by the 80 sand bunkers dotted along the manicured fairways and the magnificent greens .

But if nothing else , the McKenna decider served one purpose — it helped to put additional fire in Derry 's bellies .
but if nothing else , the mckenna decider served one purpose — it helped to put [more] fire in derry 's bellies .

The additional cost of repairs in mid-Ulster and central Belfast will put severe strain on the Northern Ireland Office budget .
the [more] cost of repairs in mid-ulster and central belfast will put severe strain on the northern ireland office budget .

Sir Patrick made a special arrangement with the Treasury whereby additional funds would be made available to meet the cost .
sir patrick made a special arrangement with the treasury whereby [more] funds would be made available to meet the cost .

Coca Cola are the main sponsors , with additional financial support coming from Coleraine Borough Council , Bohill Hotel , Spanboard and Forward Trust .
coca cola are the main sponsors , with [more] financial support coming from coleraine borough council , bohill hotel , spanboard and forward trust .

Derry officials are hoping to receive an additional allocation of tickets later in the week .
derry officials are hoping to receive an [more] allocation of tickets later in the week .

The Mourne boss is determined that his side will make up for their semi-final defeat by Derry last year but refuses to embrace this as an additional spur in his motivating process .
the mourne boss is determined that his side will make up for their semi-final defeat by derry last year but refuses to embrace this as an [more] spur in his motivating process .

If you would like additional copies of the leaflet , or have any enquiries about the scheme please do not hesitate to contact me at the Council offices .
if you would like [more] copies of the leaflet , or have any enquiries about the scheme please do not hesitate to contact me at the council offices .

Some governing bodies provided additional finance to secure the services of a particular coach for the Regional Schools and it may be that your governing body would want to consider this .
some governing bodies provided [more] finance to secure the services of a particular coach for the regional schools and it may be that your governing body would want to consider this .

provision of additional facilities where the existing ones are under heavy pressure .
provision of [more] facilities where the existing ones are under heavy pressure .

For additional membership gifts , please supply details on a separate piece of paper and adjust payment accordingly .
for [more] membership gifts , please supply details on a separate piece of paper and adjust payment accordingly .

Certainly with the additional liability of a periodic tax every ten years no truster will settle funds in a discretionary trust if he can achieve his aims in any other way .
certainly with the [more] liability of a periodic tax every ten years no truster will settle funds in a discretionary trust if he can achieve his aims in any other way .

They accepted that employment upon the terms as to remuneration laid down in the scale of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors whereby they would receive 10 per cent of one year 's rent defined as ‘ the rent reserved by letting ’ plus any additional service charge .
they accepted that employment upon the terms as to remuneration laid down in the scale of the royal institution of chartered surveyors whereby they would receive 10 per cent of one year 's rent defined as ‘ the rent reserved by letting ’ plus any [more] service charge .

It seeks to present the information in a more meaningful way and give additional information useful to Sheriffs , Sheriff Clerks and others , and is designed to be used with a window envelope .
it seeks to present the information in a more meaningful way and give [more] information useful to sheriffs , sheriff clerks and others , and is designed to be used with a window envelope .

Sponsored by Coca-Cola there are substantial awards on offer in the 13 and a half miles race , plus additional prizes for new course records .
sponsored by coca-cola there are substantial awards on offer in the 13 and a half miles race , plus [more] prizes for new course records .

Offering prices on the Lincoln Handicap is one of the more elaborate torture methods favoured by bookmakers to extract money from unwitting punters and this year there is an additional twist not one , but two Lincolns .
offering prices on the lincoln handicap is one of the more elaborate torture methods favoured by bookmakers to extract money from unwitting punters and this year there is an [more] twist not one , but two lincolns .

In all likelihood Dean Richards will play on the blind side in the Test Team and hence it will be necessary to have additional cover at No 8 .
in all likelihood dean richards will play on the blind side in the test team and hence it will be necessary to have [more] cover at no 8 .

This year , the cost for an owner to enter was £710 split into £95 to enter in January and an additional £170 for each of the forfeits which were paid in February and March .
this year , the cost for an owner to enter was £710 split into £95 to enter in january and an [more] £170 for each of the forfeits which were paid in february and march .

There is a possibility of additional funding being made available for capital purchase .
there is a possibility of [more] funding being made available for capital purchase .

Public Services : Additional Mac graphics training , word-processing training .
public services : [more] mac graphics training , word-processing training .

Additional software would be required for workstations .
[more] software would be required for workstations .

Additional PCs — 10 p.a. from 1993/94 ( not all core-funded ) , to total 130 by 1998/99
[more] pcs — 10 p.a. from 1993/94 ( not all core-funded ) , to total 130 by 1998/99

by the end of 1993/94 , with additional repair costs on non-maintained equipment running at a further £3,000 p.a .
by the end of 1993/94 , with [more] repair costs on non-maintained equipment running at a further £3,000 p.a .

The current telephone system is at capacity , and additional lines can not be installed without upgrading the system .
the current telephone system is at capacity , and [more] lines can not be installed without upgrading the system .

Payment should include an element for a nominated number of attendances per month on-site , with additional visits paid on an agreed daily/hourly rate plus costs .
payment should include an element for a nominated number of attendances per month on-site , with [more] visits paid on an agreed daily/hourly rate plus costs .

External users of our information services should pay for usage in proportion to the additional costs incurred in making the resources available to them , if judged appropriate .
external users of our information services should pay for usage in proportion to the [more] costs incurred in making the resources available to them , if judged appropriate .

No additional costs are foreseen , as this is part of the remit of the new Computing post .
no [more] costs are foreseen , as this is part of the remit of the new computing post .

Modern storage systems will be introduced to improve retrieval , and a new computer-based labelling system will enable captions and additional information to be printed on the slide mount .
modern storage systems will be introduced to improve retrieval , and a new computer-based labelling system will enable captions and [more] information to be printed on the slide mount .

Additional equipment includes communications hardware , scanners and a plotter .
[more] equipment includes communications hardware , scanners and a plotter .

We must therefore train suitable staff in programming , and it is likely that an additional member of staff will be required for programming and troubleshooting within the next five years .
we must therefore train suitable staff in programming , and it is likely that an [more] member of staff will be required for programming and troubleshooting within the next five years .

We advise that the Garden should purchase additional portable PCs for general use as pool stock .
we advise that the garden should purchase [more] portable pcs for general use as pool stock .

This will require networking to make the physical connections , plus additional training in advanced word processing techniques .
this will require networking to make the physical connections , plus [more] training in advanced word processing techniques .

In addition to their knowledge and expertise in the activities for which they are currently employed , many have additional relevant experience ( botanical , geological , horticultural ) gained from previous employ or personal endeavour .
in addition to their knowledge and expertise in the activities for which they are currently employed , many have [more] relevant experience ( botanical , geological , horticultural ) gained from previous employ or personal endeavour .

That all new material be labelled using a computer-based labelling system to enable , where available , additional information to be placed on the slide mount .
that all new material be labelled using a computer-based labelling system to enable , where available , [more] information to be placed on the slide mount .

The development of income raising schemes and projects will significantly increase the pressure of work on the Finance Section , even when linked directly to the Bank 's own Royline and while it is envisaged that the existing system should be able to meet requirements for the next four or five years when replacement will be under consideration , additional staff will probably be required .
the development of income raising schemes and projects will significantly increase the pressure of work on the finance section , even when linked directly to the bank 's own royline and while it is envisaged that the existing system should be able to meet requirements for the next four or five years when replacement will be under consideration , [more] staff will probably be required .

For 24 month campaign , with no additional £ 600 per month
for 24 month campaign , with no [more] £ 600 per month

Monographs may also contain additional illustrations , and maps showing distributions of individual taxa .
monographs may also contain [more] illustrations , and maps showing distributions of individual taxa .

Much more data are collected than it is possible to publish , and access to this additional information is just not possible — indeed its existence may not be known or recorded , with the result that future researchers and revisers have to go through the whole data collection procedure again each time .
much more data are collected than it is possible to publish , and access to this [more] information is just not possible — indeed its existence may not be known or recorded , with the result that future researchers and revisers have to go through the whole data collection procedure again each time .

Additional types of data , such as geographic , image , bibliographic and text files , can be held in central data stores and called on as needed using advanced software to write new floristic and monographic works , to examine unpublishable data , and to provide information in other forms to researchers , horticulturalists , students at all levels , and the general public .
[more] types of data , such as geographic , image , bibliographic and text files , can be held in central data stores and called on as needed using advanced software to write new floristic and monographic works , to examine unpublishable data , and to provide information in other forms to researchers , horticulturalists , students at all levels , and the general public .

The Group was extremely concerned about the overall small size of the budget , and suggests that if additional funds are not made available , the scientific work of some staff will be hindered .
the group was extremely concerned about the overall small size of the budget , and suggests that if [more] funds are not made available , the scientific work of some staff will be hindered .

The living plant collections include plants cultivated in three additional specialist gardens which have the particular climatic and soil conditions necessary for the cultivation and study of plants unsuitable for growing in Edinburgh .
the living plant collections include plants cultivated in three [more] specialist gardens which have the particular climatic and soil conditions necessary for the cultivation and study of plants unsuitable for growing in edinburgh .

We receive grant-in-aid to cover our basic running costs from the Scottish Office Agriculture and Fisheries Department , and additional income from individual research grants , both private and public , but such income does not allow us to fund visiting scientists .
we receive grant-in-aid to cover our basic running costs from the scottish office agriculture and fisheries department , and [more] income from individual research grants , both private and public , but such income does not allow us to fund visiting scientists .

Upgrading the facilities would primarily involve an extension to the computer network to service three additional visitors per year , at a cost of 4500 Ecu , and the provision of an additional research microscope if the proposed visitor were to be considering diatom research , at a cost of 45000 Ecu .
upgrading the facilities would primarily involve an extension to the computer network to service three [more] visitors per year , at a cost of 4500 ecu , and the provision of an [more] research microscope if the proposed visitor were to be considering diatom research , at a cost of 45000 ecu .

We do not want to incur additional costs in putting this corridor display together .
we do not want to incur [more] costs in putting this corridor display together .

The library thus grew very slowly until the mid-nineteenth century , when the Treasury injected additional funding for book purchases , and the Botanical Society of Edinburgh ( now the Botanical Society of Scotland ) very generously donated its library of one thousand volumes of books and journals .
the library thus grew very slowly until the mid-nineteenth century , when the treasury injected [more] funding for book purchases , and the botanical society of edinburgh ( now the botanical society of scotland ) very generously donated its library of one thousand volumes of books and journals .

In recent years increases in grant have not been sufficient to compensate for inflationary costs , particularly books and journals , and so additional sources of income have had to be found , in the form of sponsorships , grants , bequests , and donations .
in recent years increases in grant have not been sufficient to compensate for inflationary costs , particularly books and journals , and so [more] sources of income have had to be found , in the form of sponsorships , grants , bequests , and donations .

There are , however , further areas where co-operation is possible , but which require agreement on policy at a higher level , and yet other possibilities which would involve additional institutions .
there are , however , further areas where co-operation is possible , but which require agreement on policy at a higher level , and yet other possibilities which would involve [more] institutions .

Additional scientific equipment to be acquired included satellite locators , vibration-free benching , molecular equipment , video attachments for microscopes , water purification equipment , and systems for image archiving and processing .
[more] scientific equipment to be acquired included satellite locators , vibration-free benching , molecular equipment , video attachments for microscopes , water purification equipment , and systems for image archiving and processing .

The average growth rate is 2.9 % per annum ( equivalent to about 3 additional theses per year ) .
the average growth rate is 2.9 % per annum ( equivalent to about 3 [more] theses per year ) .

Successful multi-stack designs are often produced with additional stacks , so that the user has a choice of step length , e.g .
successful multi-stack designs are often produced with [more] stacks , so that the user has a choice of step length , e.g .

Therefore it is not necessary to include additional freewheeling resistance in the bipolar bridge drive .
therefore it is not necessary to include [more] freewheeling resistance in the bipolar bridge drive .

The bridge configuration has the additional complication of base drive isolation for the pair of switching transistors connected to the positive supply rail .
the bridge configuration has the [more] complication of base drive isolation for the pair of switching transistors connected to the positive supply rail .

For single-stack variable-reluctance stepping motors the direct summation is not strictly valid , since the mutual inductance between phases contributes an additional torque component ( Fitzgerald and Kingsley , 1952 ) .
for single-stack variable-reluctance stepping motors the direct summation is not strictly valid , since the mutual inductance between phases contributes an [more] torque component ( fitzgerald and kingsley , 1952 ) .

One mechanical method of damping the single-step response is to introduce additional viscous friction ( torque proportional to speed ) , so that the rotor oscillations decay at a faster rate ( Kent , 1973 ) .
one mechanical method of damping the single-step response is to introduce [more] viscous friction ( torque proportional to speed ) , so that the rotor oscillations decay at a faster rate ( kent , 1973 ) .

If the calculated starting rate does coincide with a resonant rate the designer can either elect to use a lower frequency clock or try to reduce the resonance with additional damping .
if the calculated starting rate does coincide with a resonant rate the designer can either elect to use a lower frequency clock or try to reduce the resonance with [more] damping .

Additional steps can be produced by expanding the look.up table to include more high-speed ( short.delay ) values .
[more] steps can be produced by expanding the look.up table to include more high-speed ( short.delay ) values .

One additional problem is that the voltage.controlled oscillator is unable to provide the pause between step commands needed at the beginning of the deceleration period so that the rotor can advance beyond the excited phase equilibrium position ; the control of individual phase excitation timings available with the other open-loop schemes can not be produced with the voltage-controlled oscillator technique .
one [more] problem is that the voltage.controlled oscillator is unable to provide the pause between step commands needed at the beginning of the deceleration period so that the rotor can advance beyond the excited phase equilibrium position ; the control of individual phase excitation timings available with the other open-loop schemes can not be produced with the voltage-controlled oscillator technique .

For the simpler forms of drive , however , the cost of additional supply capacity may not be justifiable in terms of the limited increase in performance .
for the simpler forms of drive , however , the cost of [more] supply capacity may not be justifiable in terms of the limited increase in performance .

multiplication techniques to synthesise additional position signals from a one-pulse.per.step signal .
multiplication techniques to synthesise [more] position signals from a one-pulse.per.step signal .

However if significant additional capacity is needed then the potential benefits of software control must be balanced against the price of processor expansion .
however if significant [more] capacity is needed then the potential benefits of software control must be balanced against the price of processor expansion .

Precisely when these four additional kadiliks — or five , including Mecca — became mevleviyets is not clear in every case , though it is certain in one case , and entirely possible in the others , that they were not made mevleviyets immediately on coming into Ottoman possession .
precisely when these four [more] kadiliks — or five , including mecca — became mevleviyets is not clear in every case , though it is certain in one case , and entirely possible in the others , that they were not made mevleviyets immediately on coming into ottoman possession .

There is no more evidence for these suggestions , however , than for the possible suggestion that the office was largely honorary and created ad hominem for Molla Fenari , perhaps as an inducement to return from Karaman or as an additional honour when he did return .
there is no more evidence for these suggestions , however , than for the possible suggestion that the office was largely honorary and created ad hominem for molla fenari , perhaps as an inducement to return from karaman or as an [more] honour when he did return .

Standard reports can be provided on a regular basis without additional effort , and ad hoc enquiries or applicant searches can be performed as a matter of course .
standard reports can be provided on a regular basis without [more] effort , and ad hoc enquiries or applicant searches can be performed as a matter of course .

The system can be stretched by adding additional functions later , such as the job identification program .
the system can be stretched by adding [more] functions later , such as the job identification program .

An intervals the system can be increased by a further analytical , statistical or informational function , capable of processing information which might otherwise need an additional personnel assistant to maintain .
an intervals the system can be increased by a further analytical , statistical or informational function , capable of processing information which might otherwise need an [more] personnel assistant to maintain .

It was necessary either to retain the existing records system and recruit an additional member of the clerical team , or to tackle the problem -employee record keeping and reporting — at source , and create a more efficient and appropriate information system .
it was necessary either to retain the existing records system and recruit an [more] member of the clerical team , or to tackle the problem -employee record keeping and reporting — at source , and create a more efficient and appropriate information system .

It was expected that elimination of the anticipated need to recruit an additional personnel clerk would result in sufficient cost reductions to at least partially cost justify the system .
it was expected that elimination of the anticipated need to recruit an [more] personnel clerk would result in sufficient cost reductions to at least partially cost justify the system .

If the universe were expanding faster in some directions than in others , the intensity of the radiation in those directions would be reduced by an additional red shift .
if the universe were expanding faster in some directions than in others , the intensity of the radiation in those directions would be reduced by an [more] red shift .

There was a flaring of organ music and he came , filling the aisle in his progress , a square , brown man with his square , brown daughter beside him , looking very small in her white satin covered by that additional weight of lace frills and bows and lovers-knots of satin ribbon .
there was a flaring of organ music and he came , filling the aisle in his progress , a square , brown man with his square , brown daughter beside him , looking very small in her white satin covered by that [more] weight of lace frills and bows and lovers-knots of satin ribbon .

It is now clear that the construction of the small-town defences provided an additional influence on their morphological development , depending upon the inclusion or exclusion of particular areas .
it is now clear that the construction of the small-town defences provided an [more] influence on their morphological development , depending upon the inclusion or exclusion of particular areas .

Mansiones were normally large buildings with ranges of rooms grouped in suites around a central courtyard and a separate bath-house which would be additional to any urban bathing establishments .
mansiones were normally large buildings with ranges of rooms grouped in suites around a central courtyard and a separate bath-house which would be [more] to any urban bathing establishments .

Within Normangate Field , additional sidestreets and droveways can be seen following sinuous courses amid the crop-marks .
within normangate field , [more] sidestreets and droveways can be seen following sinuous courses amid the crop-marks .

If r is less than i , then the annual cost of borrowing funds for an additional project will be less than the expected annual return on the initial capital outlay , so that the project will be profitable to undertake .
if r is less than i , then the annual cost of borrowing funds for an [more] project will be less than the expected annual return on the initial capital outlay , so that the project will be profitable to undertake .

The additional uncertainty implicit in certain types of public policy ( e.g .
the [more] uncertainty implicit in certain types of public policy ( e.g .

Microeconomic analysis Explanations based on microeconomic analysis suggest that additional public spending can be seen as the result of governments continually intervening to correct market failure .
microeconomic analysis explanations based on microeconomic analysis suggest that [more] public spending can be seen as the result of governments continually intervening to correct market failure .

No additional tax is paid on a property where more than two adults reside .
no [more] tax is paid on a property where more than two adults reside .

Those who are in full time work are not entitled to income support but all households are eligible for additional payments related to children and housing costs .
those who are in full time work are not entitled to income support but all households are eligible for [more] payments related to children and housing costs .

In 1992 child benefit was f9.65 for the eldest eligible child and f7.80 for each additional child .
in 1992 child benefit was f9.65 for the eldest eligible child and f7.80 for each [more] child .

But more recently banks have been providing other forms of merger funding-'mezzanine debt ' , which does not rate as highly in terms of claims against the company 's assets , but provides additional financial resources .
but more recently banks have been providing other forms of merger funding-'mezzanine debt ' , which does not rate as highly in terms of claims against the company 's assets , but provides [more] financial resources .

Both types of institution acquired other institutions such as estate agents in the late 1980s in an attempt to capture the market for home loans by offering additional services .
both types of institution acquired other institutions such as estate agents in the late 1980s in an attempt to capture the market for home loans by offering [more] services .

Additional or alternative defendant — section 23
[more] or alternative defendant — section 23

failing to make it clear , if it is the case , that service is charged extra or that some other additional charge is made ;
failing to make it clear , if it is the case , that service is charged extra or that some other [more] charge is made ;

Additional or alternative defendant
[more] or alternative defendant

Soft Machine produced a motorcycle — a considerable feat in view of the human congestion — which was driven amidst the quaking pillars and balconies before being wired for sound , and revved up as additional accompaniment .
soft machine produced a motorcycle — a considerable feat in view of the human congestion — which was driven amidst the quaking pillars and balconies before being wired for sound , and revved up as [more] accompaniment .

Not only can this mean additional tax being due , it can take much longer for their dependants to receive the money . ]
not only can this mean [more] tax being due , it can take much longer for their dependants to receive the money . ]

Making a will which includes the necessary additional rights for executors can help ensure that as much as possible of your estate goes where you direct and that your executors can deal with your estate economically and efficiently .
making a will which includes the necessary [more] rights for executors can help ensure that as much as possible of your estate goes where you direct and that your executors can deal with your estate economically and efficiently .

Here you would cover the six ‘ core ’ subjects and some additional legal topics .
here you would cover the six ‘ core ’ subjects and some [more] legal topics .

You might receive some additional related information if you answer the question correctly — just to further expand your already voluminous knowledge base !
you might receive some [more] related information if you answer the question correctly — just to further expand your already voluminous knowledge base !

The disk also contains secret cheat codes to provide additional ammunition and level skip features .
the disk also contains secret cheat codes to provide [more] ammunition and level skip features .

Matching symbols are cleared from the screen making additional space for more blocks .
matching symbols are cleared from the screen making [more] space for more blocks .

Good additional features include the ability to add your own words , and a Special Word Set containing selected words which frequently cause children difficulty plus some specifically chosen to help dyslexic children .
good [more] features include the ability to add your own words , and a special word set containing selected words which frequently cause children difficulty plus some specifically chosen to help dyslexic children .

Secondly , the computer keyboard has many additional keys which are used to alter the function of the alpha-numeric keys .
secondly , the computer keyboard has many [more] keys which are used to alter the function of the alpha-numeric keys .

Before you pack your computer back in its box and reinstate your typewriter , remember that the additional keys on the computer keyboard are there to make life easier — and they do .
before you pack your computer back in its box and reinstate your typewriter , remember that the [more] keys on the computer keyboard are there to make life easier — and they do .

Wordwrapping is normally automatic , but with some programs you may need to give an additional Format command to tidy the edited text .
wordwrapping is normally automatic , but with some programs you may need to give an [more] format command to tidy the edited text .

When a word-processor records your keyboard actions in memory it also stores additional information about the layout , spacing and style of the document .
when a word-processor records your keyboard actions in memory it also stores [more] information about the layout , spacing and style of the document .

With Improv for Windows , spreadsheets are reusable and easily modifiable so that more users can gain additional value from a spreadsheet over time .
with improv for windows , spreadsheets are reusable and easily modifiable so that more users can gain [more] value from a spreadsheet over time .

Additional options include a talking calculator and a talking clock that can be set to tell you the time every fifteen minutes , half an hour or hour .
[more] options include a talking calculator and a talking clock that can be set to tell you the time every fifteen minutes , half an hour or hour .

Should you prefer documents to be ejected face up , a lever allows you to choose an additional paper path to the rear of the printer .
should you prefer documents to be ejected face up , a lever allows you to choose an [more] paper path to the rear of the printer .

Additional options include a talking calculator and a talking clock that can be set to tell you the time every fifteen minutes , half an hour or hour .
[more] options include a talking calculator and a talking clock that can be set to tell you the time every fifteen minutes , half an hour or hour .

The Teleputer is a full card , taking out an eight-bit expansion slot , is easily installed and is supplied with comms software and at an additional cost fax software .
the teleputer is a full card , taking out an eight-bit expansion slot , is easily installed and is supplied with comms software and at an [more] cost fax software .

Others may offer additional incentives for you to part with your money .
others may offer [more] incentives for you to part with your money .

The main menu ( fig 6 ) presents some options additional to starting the text analysis , and figure 7 shows the next screen where a request is made for input specifying the required forms of output and the text file specification .
the main menu ( fig 6 ) presents some options [more] to starting the text analysis , and figure 7 shows the next screen where a request is made for input specifying the required forms of output and the text file specification .

Once you have the additional hardware and/or telephone services you require you can use its facilities to access online services , bulletin boards and so on .
once you have the [more] hardware and/or telephone services you require you can use its facilities to access online services , bulletin boards and so on .

These roadshows are to be held on a regular basis and the public affairs department would be pleased to receive any suggestions , such as additional information that you would like to see included .
these roadshows are to be held on a regular basis and the public affairs department would be pleased to receive any suggestions , such as [more] information that you would like to see included .

‘ With two £1,000 commissions to be won and a further £1,000 to purchase additional works , it was extremely difficult to make a final choice , ’ explained Grampian Hospital Arts Administrator Graham Smart .
‘ with two £1,000 commissions to be won and a further £1,000 to purchase [more] works , it was extremely difficult to make a final choice , ’ explained grampian hospital arts administrator graham smart .

So vote now ! And do n't forget to make an additional overall choice for the year 's top performer … For he , or she , could be The People-ClubCall 's Star of Sport 1992 .
so vote now ! and do n't forget to make an [more] overall choice for the year 's top performer … for he , or she , could be the people-clubcall 's star of sport 1992 .

So vote now ! Study our category listings and make your choice . And do n't forget to make an additional overall choice for the year 's top performer …
so vote now ! study our category listings and make your choice . and do n't forget to make an [more] overall choice for the year 's top performer …

He is currently working on a project for an additional 125 aid centres to be set up within the next three years .
he is currently working on a project for an [more] 125 aid centres to be set up within the next three years .

But , the programme says , another additional pressure faced by young Asian girls is the haunting spectre of arranged marriages .
but , the programme says , another [more] pressure faced by young asian girls is the haunting spectre of arranged marriages .

In 1993 we aim to develop additional benefits .
in 1993 we aim to develop [more] benefits .

Finally , there had been the additional attraction of the Foundation of St Sylvester 's Betterhouse .
finally , there had been the [more] attraction of the foundation of st sylvester 's betterhouse .

‘ Provided you select the right consultants , they can bring knowledge , experience and temporary additional resources to your company , ’ he said .
‘ provided you select the right consultants , they can bring knowledge , experience and temporary [more] resources to your company , ’ he said .

Two additional documents dealing with safe working arrangements in clinical laboratories and mortuary rooms were published in 1991 , by a working group of the Health and Safety Commission 's Health Services Advisory Committee .
two [more] documents dealing with safe working arrangements in clinical laboratories and mortuary rooms were published in 1991 , by a working group of the health and safety commission 's health services advisory committee .

The space released in Senate House will provide some much-needed additional office accommodation .
the space released in senate house will provide some much-needed [more] office accommodation .

It also suggested the integration by the end of 1992 of an additional 1,900 into eastern Germany 's 10 universities and 400-odd institutes of higher education .
it also suggested the integration by the end of 1992 of an [more] 1,900 into eastern germany 's 10 universities and 400-odd institutes of higher education .

Whether it has been recently fired will only be shown with a few additional laboratory tests .
whether it has been recently fired will only be shown with a few [more] laboratory tests .

So far we have been concerned with non-polar solutions of amorphous polymers , whose solubility is increased with rising temperature , because the additional thermal motion helps to decrease attractive forces between like molecules , and encourages energetically less favourable contacts .
so far we have been concerned with non-polar solutions of amorphous polymers , whose solubility is increased with rising temperature , because the [more] thermal motion helps to decrease attractive forces between like molecules , and encourages energetically less favourable contacts .

In some instances an additional correction for the dilution of the drop of solution may be necessary .
in some instances an [more] correction for the dilution of the drop of solution may be necessary .

When a solute is dissolved in a liquid , scattering from a volume element again arises from liquid inhomogeneities , but now an additional contribution from fluctuations in the solute concentration is present and for polymer solutions the problem is to isolate and measure these additional effects .
when a solute is dissolved in a liquid , scattering from a volume element again arises from liquid inhomogeneities , but now an [more] contribution from fluctuations in the solute concentration is present and for polymer solutions the problem is to isolate and measure these [more] effects .

In polyethylene crystallites , the close packing achieved by the chains allows the van der Waals forces to act co-operatively and provide additional stability to the crystallite .
in polyethylene crystallites , the close packing achieved by the chains allows the van der waals forces to act co-operatively and provide [more] stability to the crystallite .

When the polymer chains are unsymmetrical , with repeat units of the type , an additional restriction to rotation is imposed by steric effects .
when the polymer chains are unsymmetrical , with repeat units of the type , an [more] restriction to rotation is imposed by steric effects .

These steric factors all affect the chain flexibility and are simply additional contributions to the main chain effects .
these steric factors all affect the chain flexibility and are simply [more] contributions to the main chain effects .

The additional command needed to specify that areas with a negative data value be excluded and that the class intervals be chosen so as to place an equal number of zones in each class is :
the [more] command needed to specify that areas with a negative data value be excluded and that the class intervals be chosen so as to place an equal number of zones in each class is :

Additional programming would be needed to permit ( a ) the real train timetable to be entered and used by the program and ( b ) changes in the mean time between vehicles to take place at hourly or half-hourly intervals throughout the day to allow a closer representation of reality .
[more] programming would be needed to permit ( a ) the real train timetable to be entered and used by the program and ( b ) changes in the mean time between vehicles to take place at hourly or half-hourly intervals throughout the day to allow a closer representation of reality .

They give managers additional information on which to base their judgements , but they do not provide a company control system .
they give managers [more] information on which to base their judgements , but they do not provide a company control system .

This additional information can be used to reduce the level of uncertainty in the project , producing the posterior probability of the same outcome .
this [more] information can be used to reduce the level of uncertainty in the project , producing the posterior probability of the same outcome .

One would like the additional information to be conclusive so that the success or failure of the project could be predicted with certainty .
one would like the [more] information to be conclusive so that the success or failure of the project could be predicted with certainty .

The consultant or the additional research will express a view on project success or failure and the probability of this view being correct is assessed in each of the two cases .
the consultant or the [more] research will express a view on project success or failure and the probability of this view being correct is assessed in each of the two cases .

This means that , should the project have a successful outcome , there is a 0.9 chance that the additional research supported this outcome and 0.1 chance that it did not .
this means that , should the project have a successful outcome , there is a 0.9 chance that the [more] research supported this outcome and 0.1 chance that it did not .

Conversely , if the project fails there is a 0.2 chance that the additional research supported it and a 0.8 chance that it did not .
conversely , if the project fails there is a 0.2 chance that the [more] research supported it and a 0.8 chance that it did not .

These additional probabilities must sum to 1 .
these [more] probabilities must sum to 1 .

The assessments of these probabilities are made on the basis of what is known about the additional research , or the consultant , in relation to the unknowns in the project ( Moore and Thomas , 1979 ) .
the assessments of these probabilities are made on the basis of what is known about the [more] research , or the consultant , in relation to the unknowns in the project ( moore and thomas , 1979 ) .

The knowledge that the additional information was favourable has lifted the probability of project success from a prior probability of 0.6 to a posterior probability of 0.87 .
the knowledge that the [more] information was favourable has lifted the probability of project success from a prior probability of 0.6 to a posterior probability of 0.87 .

The project team think that they could carry out the further research in an additional year at an estimated cost of £20 000 , but that the chances of solving all the problems are only 30 : 70 as opposed to the 50 : 50 chance they gave the initial phase .
the project team think that they could carry out the further research in an [more] year at an estimated cost of £20 000 , but that the chances of solving all the problems are only 30 : 70 as opposed to the 50 : 50 chance they gave the initial phase .

If the additional research results in a new product launch at the end of three years the sales forecasts are for lower sales levels .
if the [more] research results in a new product launch at the end of three years the sales forecasts are for lower sales levels .

Perfect information is usually not practicable but the concept is useful in establishing how much can be paid for whatever additional information is available .
perfect information is usually not practicable but the concept is useful in establishing how much can be paid for whatever [more] information is available .

As already seen in this chapter , such perfection is not to be expected and the probability of the additional information being accurate must be taken into account .
as already seen in this chapter , such perfection is not to be expected and the probability of the [more] information being accurate must be taken into account .

In this case the benefit from the additional information is less than the cost of obtaining it .
in this case the benefit from the [more] information is less than the cost of obtaining it .

If you are outside London , photocopies can be sent to you for an additional charge or you can use the self-service photocopier if you are in the library .
if you are outside london , photocopies can be sent to you for an [more] charge or you can use the self-service photocopier if you are in the library .

‘ Natty suddenly called out , ‘ Look massa ’ ; in an instant the air before us seemed literally filled with a dense mass of these birds , which had suddenly rose from under the trees at his exclamation ; we had scarcely time to raise our guns before they were seventy or eighty yards off ; our united discharge , however , brought down eight additional specimens , all of which being merely winged and fluttering about , attracted the attention of our kangaroo dogs , and it was with the greatest difficulty that they could be prevented from tearing them to pieces ; in the midst of the scramble , a kite , with the utmost audacity , came to the attack , and would doubtless , in spite of our presence , have carried off his share , had not the contents of my second barrel stopped his career .
‘ natty suddenly called out , ‘ look massa ’ ; in an instant the air before us seemed literally filled with a dense mass of these birds , which had suddenly rose from under the trees at his exclamation ; we had scarcely time to raise our guns before they were seventy or eighty yards off ; our united discharge , however , brought down eight [more] specimens , all of which being merely winged and fluttering about , attracted the attention of our kangaroo dogs , and it was with the greatest difficulty that they could be prevented from tearing them to pieces ; in the midst of the scramble , a kite , with the utmost audacity , came to the attack , and would doubtless , in spite of our presence , have carried off his share , had not the contents of my second barrel stopped his career .

Here , fortunately , beer sales are increasing by just over 2 per cent per annum , or in terms of malt an additional requirement of 250,000 tonnes each year .
here , fortunately , beer sales are increasing by just over 2 per cent per annum , or in terms of malt an [more] requirement of 250,000 tonnes each year .

Sales of soup are particularly encouraging and additional capacity for specials production has been created .
sales of soup are particularly encouraging and [more] capacity for specials production has been created .

Completion of these projects , planned for Spring 1991 , wo n't come a moment too soon as we are already desperately short of warehousing space and will soon need the additional production capacity .
completion of these projects , planned for spring 1991 , wo n't come a moment too soon as we are already desperately short of warehousing space and will soon need the [more] production capacity .

The fields became parched and brown and the cattle required additional concentrate feed much as they had done the previous year .
the fields became parched and brown and the cattle required [more] concentrate feed much as they had done the previous year .

Further major capital expenditure has now been approved and work is already underway with the installation of a second line and additional warehousing .
further major capital expenditure has now been approved and work is already underway with the installation of a second line and [more] warehousing .

Members of the Suffolk Accident Rescue Service , staff voluntarily by GPs , are usually the first doctors to arrive at the scene of car accidents where they can give specialist emergency treatment , additional to that provided by ambulance staff .
members of the suffolk accident rescue service , staff voluntarily by gps , are usually the first doctors to arrive at the scene of car accidents where they can give specialist emergency treatment , [more] to that provided by ambulance staff .

to capitalise the appropriate nominal amount of additional Ordinary Shares falling to be allotted pursuant to elections made as aforesaid , out of the sums standing to the credit of the reserves of the Company ( including any share premium account or capital redemption reserve fund ) or otherwise available for distribution as the Directors may determine and to apply such sums in paying up such Ordinary Shares and to allot such Ordinary Shares to members of the Company validly making such elections in accordance with their respective entitlements ’ .
to capitalise the appropriate nominal amount of [more] ordinary shares falling to be allotted pursuant to elections made as aforesaid , out of the sums standing to the credit of the reserves of the company ( including any share premium account or capital redemption reserve fund ) or otherwise available for distribution as the directors may determine and to apply such sums in paying up such ordinary shares and to allot such ordinary shares to members of the company validly making such elections in accordance with their respective entitlements ’ .

In 1930 one quarter of the people were of foreign birth , and an additional 40 per cent were the children of foreign parents .
in 1930 one quarter of the people were of foreign birth , and an [more] 40 per cent were the children of foreign parents .

It shows , too , how some of the more conventional concepts of urban sociology link to our additional emphasis on human nature .
it shows , too , how some of the more conventional concepts of urban sociology link to our [more] emphasis on human nature .

State welfare would be used towards this end , providing people with additional disposable income .
state welfare would be used towards this end , providing people with [more] disposable income .

It may be more difficult to make quick decisions , but it has the additional merit of making the design decisions those of the staff as a whole .
it may be more difficult to make quick decisions , but it has the [more] merit of making the design decisions those of the staff as a whole .

By 19 August , the Big Five had reluctantly agreed to economies of 79 million , of which nearly 50 million was to be met by cuts in unemployment benefits ; the remainder of the budget would be balanced by additional taxation .
by 19 august , the big five had reluctantly agreed to economies of 79 million , of which nearly 50 million was to be met by cuts in unemployment benefits ; the remainder of the budget would be balanced by [more] taxation .

For if we have no reason to believe that any more of the debts will be paid during the intervals of peace , than have hitherto been : Nay the whole of the Sinking Fund , by such an increased debt , becoming absolutely anticipated , together with numbers of additional oppressive taxes , we have less reason to expect any of the old debts to be discharged , as we go on contracting of new .
for if we have no reason to believe that any more of the debts will be paid during the intervals of peace , than have hitherto been : nay the whole of the sinking fund , by such an increased debt , becoming absolutely anticipated , together with numbers of [more] oppressive taxes , we have less reason to expect any of the old debts to be discharged , as we go on contracting of new .

Two years later Pitt claimed to have added £1 million to the annual revenue from customs duties , £1 million from new taxes , notably on windows , and £2 million from additional excise rising from increased domestic consumption of excised goods .
two years later pitt claimed to have added £1 million to the annual revenue from customs duties , £1 million from new taxes , notably on windows , and £2 million from [more] excise rising from increased domestic consumption of excised goods .

Other storage solutions include hanging objects from hooks attached to the undersides of shelves or wall cupboards ; suspending objects from wooden slats on the wall using S-hooks ; and using wire baskets beneath shelves to give additional storage capacity .
other storage solutions include hanging objects from hooks attached to the undersides of shelves or wall cupboards ; suspending objects from wooden slats on the wall using s-hooks ; and using wire baskets beneath shelves to give [more] storage capacity .

Obviously frost-free models which mean you never have to defrost are as useful as self-cleaning ovens , and additional luxuries include iced water and crushed ice dispensers , automatic ice makers and the kind of American model with almost instant ( that is to say about an hour ) automatic ice cream and sorbet or sherbet-makers .
obviously frost-free models which mean you never have to defrost are as useful as self-cleaning ovens , and [more] luxuries include iced water and crushed ice dispensers , automatic ice makers and the kind of american model with almost instant ( that is to say about an hour ) automatic ice cream and sorbet or sherbet-makers .

An interesting additional observation was to find in my front-room data nonce nonsense formations , such as thingummycallit , and several idiosyncratic items , such as gobsocket and jiminycricket .
an interesting [more] observation was to find in my front-room data nonce nonsense formations , such as thingummycallit , and several idiosyncratic items , such as gobsocket and jiminycricket .

( There will be additional illumination to provide the wavelengths necessary for photosynthesis and this will be at other angles , but the infra-red source will be alongside the sensor ) .
( there will be [more] illumination to provide the wavelengths necessary for photosynthesis and this will be at other angles , but the infra-red source will be alongside the sensor ) .

This is true for both cards and plants ; for plants we have the additional dependence on time ( age ) .
this is true for both cards and plants ; for plants we have the [more] dependence on time ( age ) .

Higher wage rates increase marginal cost , but a higher marginal physical product of labour means that less extra workers are needed to make an additional unit of output , thus reducing marginal cost .
higher wage rates increase marginal cost , but a higher marginal physical product of labour means that less extra workers are needed to make an [more] unit of output , thus reducing marginal cost .

Suppose a chemical firm discharges waste into a lake , polluting the water and directly imposing an additional production cost on anglers ( fewer and smaller fish , which are harder to catch ) or a consumption cost on swimmers ( less pleasant swimming and a dirty beach ) .
suppose a chemical firm discharges waste into a lake , polluting the water and directly imposing an [more] production cost on anglers ( fewer and smaller fish , which are harder to catch ) or a consumption cost on swimmers ( less pleasant swimming and a dirty beach ) .

In Chapter 10 we saw that existing oligopolists would have an incentive to advertise too much , not because advertising provides additional consumer information about the product , but because it raises the fixed cost of being in the industry , thereby making it harder for new firms to enter the industry .
in chapter 10 we saw that existing oligopolists would have an incentive to advertise too much , not because advertising provides [more] consumer information about the product , but because it raises the fixed cost of being in the industry , thereby making it harder for new firms to enter the industry .

Processing static input is also more difficult because the scanning procedure often introduces additional noise to the input .
processing static input is also more difficult because the scanning procedure often introduces [more] noise to the input .

Other advantages proposed for speech are that the hands are free to perform other tasks and that communication may be carried out over a standard telephone line without the requirement for additional hardware .
other advantages proposed for speech are that the hands are free to perform other tasks and that communication may be carried out over a standard telephone line without the requirement for [more] hardware .

An additional necessity for performing compound recognition is that many of the compounds will have different syntactic and semantic properties than the individual word combinations .
an [more] necessity for performing compound recognition is that many of the compounds will have different syntactic and semantic properties than the individual word combinations .

An additional problem is that certain combinations of words may form a compound whereas different morphological forms of the words may not .
an [more] problem is that certain combinations of words may form a compound whereas different morphological forms of the words may not .

An additional problem that arises from using large lexicons is that , should the pattern recogniser fail to detect the correct word , then incorrect words are more likely to be suggested .
an [more] problem that arises from using large lexicons is that , should the pattern recogniser fail to detect the correct word , then incorrect words are more likely to be suggested .

With the help of another friend , an accountant , he was able to net an additional $ 12 — $ 15,000 a year from this work .
with the help of another friend , an accountant , he was able to net an [more] $ 12 — $ 15,000 a year from this work .

We also want to increase funds for training and enterprise councils and would like an additional £675 million allocated to TECs to increase training quality in the existing programmes and provide an extra 71,500 places .
we also want to increase funds for training and enterprise councils and would like an [more] £675 million allocated to tecs to increase training quality in the existing programmes and provide an extra 71,500 places .

Where one would normally expect to find those details , there is the logo of the Sports Council , and the statement : ’ Additional copies of Relay available from Sports Council International Affairs Unit . ’
where one would normally expect to find those details , there is the logo of the sports council , and the statement : ’ [more] copies of relay available from sports council international affairs unit . ’

An additional sum for certain members and secretaries ' expenses was met by the Department and the companies , but the amount is unspecified .
an [more] sum for certain members and secretaries ' expenses was met by the department and the companies , but the amount is unspecified .

The Secretary of State claims that opting out is in the best interests of patients . On what does he base that claim ? Does he know better than doctors , nurses and the other health service staff whose life work has been delivering the service ? Does the Secretary of State remember the response of the Grampian area medical committee , which expressed concern that the additional resources consumed by the trust will put at risk priority specialties such as psychiatry , geriatric medicine and physical disability ?
the secretary of state claims that opting out is in the best interests of patients . on what does he base that claim ? does he know better than doctors , nurses and the other health service staff whose life work has been delivering the service ? does the secretary of state remember the response of the grampian area medical committee , which expressed concern that the [more] resources consumed by the trust will put at risk priority specialties such as psychiatry , geriatric medicine and physical disability ?

Does the right hon. Gentleman appreciate that , in Ayr alone , the Conservative party is already being torn apart ? Does he further appreciate that , throughout Ayrshire , people recognise that any additional assets that are poured into the South Ayrshire hospitals to make them work will be at the expense of the national health service in the rest of Ayrshire ?
does the right hon. gentleman appreciate that , in ayr alone , the conservative party is already being torn apart ? does he further appreciate that , throughout ayrshire , people recognise that any [more] assets that are poured into the south ayrshire hospitals to make them work will be at the expense of the national health service in the rest of ayrshire ?

First , the police must have additional resources to deal with the high level of crime ; secondly , and more important , the Government have to change their policy , or there will be more people in prison .
first , the police must have [more] resources to deal with the high level of crime ; secondly , and more important , the government have to change their policy , or there will be more people in prison .

The total includes additional resources for Scottish Enterprise of up to £25 million to help deal with the industrial problems of Lanarkshire .
the total includes [more] resources for scottish enterprise of up to £25 million to help deal with the industrial problems of lanarkshire .

The additional money that he has given to health and school building and repairs will also be welcomed by the people of Scotland .
the [more] money that he has given to health and school building and repairs will also be welcomed by the people of scotland .

Friend the Minister with responsibility for housing will be making a further announcement in the next day or two about the homeless figures for which we are making additional provision in the current year .
friend the minister with responsibility for housing will be making a further announcement in the next day or two about the homeless figures for which we are making [more] provision in the current year .

When will the Secretary of State wake up to the realities of public finance in the United Kingdom ? Is it not the case that his departmental budget is increasing less quickly than that of any other major spending Department ? Can the right hon. Gentleman explain why the Department of Transport , whose budget has increased three times the rate of that of the Scottish Office , can find £1.5 billion for additional railway improvements in the south of England , but can not find £80 million to electrify the Edinburgh-Aberdeen railway line ? When will public finance in the United Kingdom stop being a ramp for the subsidy junkies of the south of England ?
when will the secretary of state wake up to the realities of public finance in the united kingdom ? is it not the case that his departmental budget is increasing less quickly than that of any other major spending department ? can the right hon. gentleman explain why the department of transport , whose budget has increased three times the rate of that of the scottish office , can find £1.5 billion for [more] railway improvements in the south of england , but can not find £80 million to electrify the edinburgh-aberdeen railway line ? when will public finance in the united kingdom stop being a ramp for the subsidy junkies of the south of england ?

In a parliamentary answer to me the Minister told me that he ’ had identified 18 serious irregularities and a number of additional cases involving minor breaches of the scheme rules .
in a parliamentary answer to me the minister told me that he ’ had identified 18 serious irregularities and a number of [more] cases involving minor breaches of the scheme rules .

As someone interested in trying to promote industrial regeneration and further growth in the north-east does my hon. Friend agree that the additional burdens laid on businesses in regions such as his own by the absurd idea of the imposition of a regional tier of government and the increased taxation necessary to pay for that tier would have an adverse effect on local business , would increase costs , would reduce competitiveness and would help to drive business and jobs away from his region ?
as someone interested in trying to promote industrial regeneration and further growth in the north-east does my hon. friend agree that the [more] burdens laid on businesses in regions such as his own by the absurd idea of the imposition of a regional tier of government and the increased taxation necessary to pay for that tier would have an adverse effect on local business , would increase costs , would reduce competitiveness and would help to drive business and jobs away from his region ?

The housing investment programme has allocated £99 million to the northern region this year , with an additional £20.5 million coming through estate action resources .
the housing investment programme has allocated £99 million to the northern region this year , with an [more] £20.5 million coming through estate action resources .

There was great astonishment and anger in south Wales when we heard by letter of 28 November 1991 the news that the Home Secretary was unwilling to agree any additional manpower for the South Wales police authority in 1992-93 .
there was great astonishment and anger in south wales when we heard by letter of 28 november 1991 the news that the home secretary was unwilling to agree any [more] manpower for the south wales police authority in 1992-93 .

It is long overdue and it will be warmly welcomed by senior and successful classroom teachers , who can look forward to seeing the additional efforts and successes that they have achieved in the classroom being properly rewarded in their pay structure .
it is long overdue and it will be warmly welcomed by senior and successful classroom teachers , who can look forward to seeing the [more] efforts and successes that they have achieved in the classroom being properly rewarded in their pay structure .

Those extra 1 million pensioners must account for many of the additional claimants .
those extra 1 million pensioners must account for many of the [more] claimants .

The evidence to the Select Committee suggests that the private sector has not only expanded well in terms of growing numbers and additional services , but of maintaining its assets .
the evidence to the select committee suggests that the private sector has not only expanded well in terms of growing numbers and [more] services , but of maintaining its assets .

Yes , housing benefit will be an element of the total package , but will not be for the whole cost of care and will not be wholly additional to current rates of care .
yes , housing benefit will be an element of the total package , but will not be for the whole cost of care and will not be wholly [more] to current rates of care .

It would be additional .
it would be [more] .

It would not be additional .
it would not be [more] .

He should read the treaty : we are part of all the decisions on economic and monetary union , with the additional point that , unlike our European Community partners , we have the choice , when the decision is made , whether to go into stage 3 .
he should read the treaty : we are part of all the decisions on economic and monetary union , with the [more] point that , unlike our european community partners , we have the choice , when the decision is made , whether to go into stage 3 .

Since the 1972 Act , there have been many additional authorities to Brussels through European Court judgments , individual directives and the implications and effects of the Single European Act , quite apart from the effect of the treaties which we have agreed in the past two days but which have yet to be ratified by Parliament .
since the 1972 act , there have been many [more] authorities to brussels through european court judgments , individual directives and the implications and effects of the single european act , quite apart from the effect of the treaties which we have agreed in the past two days but which have yet to be ratified by parliament .

In particular , we have thus once again honoured in full our commitment to increase in line with prices the basic retirement pension , which will thus rise from £52 to £54.15 a week for a single person and from £83.25 to £86.70 for a couple , entailing additional expenditure of about £1 billion .
in particular , we have thus once again honoured in full our commitment to increase in line with prices the basic retirement pension , which will thus rise from £52 to £54.15 a week for a single person and from £83.25 to £86.70 for a couple , entailing [more] expenditure of about £1 billion .

The exception , of course , is those less well-off pensioners who are disabled or over 80 , where the order provides for additional increases of £1 a week for a single pensioner and £1.50 for a couple , over and above the 7 per cent .
the exception , of course , is those less well-off pensioners who are disabled or over 80 , where the order provides for [more] increases of £1 a week for a single pensioner and £1.50 for a couple , over and above the 7 per cent .

Widows have suffered an additional loss from the freezing of the £1,000 widow 's payment , a matter on which the Government are curiously shy .
widows have suffered an [more] loss from the freezing of the £1,000 widow 's payment , a matter on which the government are curiously shy .

The Conservatives ' strategy of holding back the state pension on the ground that the deficit could be made good by additional private sector pensions has been blown out of the water , not least by the vulnerability of occupational pensions which we have witnessed recently and by the under-performance and the milking of private pension schemes themselves .
the conservatives ' strategy of holding back the state pension on the ground that the deficit could be made good by [more] private sector pensions has been blown out of the water , not least by the vulnerability of occupational pensions which we have witnessed recently and by the under-performance and the milking of private pension schemes themselves .

It is a supreme act of faith by Colne Shipping of Lowestoft , but the additional boats are secondhand rather than new-built .
it is a supreme act of faith by colne shipping of lowestoft , but the [more] boats are secondhand rather than new-built .

More recently , we have amended the legislation in the Environmental Protection Act 1990 , which again places us in the vanguard of Europe , with additional provisions for integrated pollution control for those industrial processes with the most potential for pollution , and for a duty of care for all producers and handlers of waste .
more recently , we have amended the legislation in the environmental protection act 1990 , which again places us in the vanguard of europe , with [more] provisions for integrated pollution control for those industrial processes with the most potential for pollution , and for a duty of care for all producers and handlers of waste .

The two key areas were final acceptance of the European monetary union agreement and the Government 's resistance to many of the suggestions in the social programme of the additional treaty — those were not the original social suggestions in the social action programme .
the two key areas were final acceptance of the european monetary union agreement and the government 's resistance to many of the suggestions in the social programme of the [more] treaty — those were not the original social suggestions in the social action programme .

Gentleman wants additional controls on knife sales .
gentleman wants [more] controls on knife sales .

When the additional money is spent on training nurses , it is important that every effort be made to retain their services over a much longer period , which may involve making the terms and conditions more flexible for women returning to work .
when the [more] money is spent on training nurses , it is important that every effort be made to retain their services over a much longer period , which may involve making the terms and conditions more flexible for women returning to work .

May we have a debate on early-day motion 458 ? [ That this House is deeply concerned that ( a ) in October 1991 , the Inspectorate of Pollution issued an improvement notice plus additional requirements upon Coal Products Ltd. , Avenue Works , Wingerworth , Derbyshire , arising from problems of airborne pollution , ( b ) in November 1991 , the North East Derbyshire District Council rejected a planning application for the installation of a plant for the regeneration of active carbon on the same site and ( c ) in December 1991 , the National Rivers Authority issued a report showing that following partial treatment at lagoons in a country park , 40 million gallons of toxic effluent is seeping into the ground near homes at nearby Grassmoor ; and calls upon the Secretary of State for the Environment to undertake an urgent environmental audit of the plant and its neighbouring communities with an immediate project of protecting the health and well-being of both the workforce at Coal Products Ltd. and residents in the surrounding communities , whilst seeking ways and means of safeguarding jobs in an area of high unemployment . ]
may we have a debate on early-day motion 458 ? [ that this house is deeply concerned that ( a ) in october 1991 , the inspectorate of pollution issued an improvement notice plus [more] requirements upon coal products ltd. , avenue works , wingerworth , derbyshire , arising from problems of airborne pollution , ( b ) in november 1991 , the north east derbyshire district council rejected a planning application for the installation of a plant for the regeneration of active carbon on the same site and ( c ) in december 1991 , the national rivers authority issued a report showing that following partial treatment at lagoons in a country park , 40 million gallons of toxic effluent is seeping into the ground near homes at nearby grassmoor ; and calls upon the secretary of state for the environment to undertake an urgent environmental audit of the plant and its neighbouring communities with an immediate project of protecting the health and well-being of both the workforce at coal products ltd. and residents in the surrounding communities , whilst seeking ways and means of safeguarding jobs in an area of high unemployment . ]

When we judge that additional resources are needed , they are made available .
when we judge that [more] resources are needed , they are made available .

We know we can fund all that , because we know that we can raise the additional revenues we need , and we have told the British people where they will come from .
we know we can fund all that , because we know that we can raise the [more] revenues we need , and we have told the british people where they will come from .

Anyone who has tried travelling in a bus or car on Euston road in the evening rush hour will know that it is bad enough at present ; to impose an additional 70 per cent .
anyone who has tried travelling in a bus or car on euston road in the evening rush hour will know that it is bad enough at present ; to impose an [more] 70 per cent .

On the point about additional traffic the Minister overlooked the fact that the new terminal will be a combination of King 's Cross and St. Pancras , which , from a railway point of view , is considerably under-utilised .
on the point about [more] traffic the minister overlooked the fact that the new terminal will be a combination of king 's cross and st. pancras , which , from a railway point of view , is considerably under-utilised .

( 2 ) The statement of accounts shall comply with any directions given by the Secretary of State with the approval of the Treasury as to — ( a ) the information to be contained in it ; ( b ) the manner in which the information contained in it is to be presented ; or ( c ) the methods and principles according to which the statement is to be prepared , and shall contain such additional information as the Secretary of State may with the approval of the Treasury require to be provided for the information of Parliament .
( 2 ) the statement of accounts shall comply with any directions given by the secretary of state with the approval of the treasury as to — ( a ) the information to be contained in it ; ( b ) the manner in which the information contained in it is to be presented ; or ( c ) the methods and principles according to which the statement is to be prepared , and shall contain such [more] information as the secretary of state may with the approval of the treasury require to be provided for the information of parliament .

Additional provisions 10 .
[more] provisions 10 .

An order made under section Scottish Further Education Funding Council of this Act may contain such additional provisions — ( a ) relating to the membership , staff and proceedings of the Funding Council ( including any committee of them ) ; ( b ) relating to salaries , pensions , allowances and any other payments to be paid to members of the Funding Council ( including any such committee ) and to staff ; and ( c ) as to the winding-up and dissolution of the Funding Council , as the Secretary of State may consider necessary or expedient .
an order made under section scottish further education funding council of this act may contain such [more] provisions — ( a ) relating to the membership , staff and proceedings of the funding council ( including any committee of them ) ; ( b ) relating to salaries , pensions , allowances and any other payments to be paid to members of the funding council ( including any such committee ) and to staff ; and ( c ) as to the winding-up and dissolution of the funding council , as the secretary of state may consider necessary or expedient .

c ) the methods and principles according to which the statement is to be prepared , and shall contain such additional information as the Secretary of State may with the approval of the Treasury require to be provided for the information of Parliament .
c ) the methods and principles according to which the statement is to be prepared , and shall contain such [more] information as the secretary of state may with the approval of the treasury require to be provided for the information of parliament .

The point about the cost of the measure and the additional tax that will be needed relates to present circumstances .
the point about the cost of the measure and the [more] tax that will be needed relates to present circumstances .

Will he assure the House that the necessary funds to enable the TECs to undertake the additional responsibilities that he announced will be provided for those excellent bodies ?
will he assure the house that the necessary funds to enable the tecs to undertake the [more] responsibilities that he announced will be provided for those excellent bodies ?

Horse-hoeing a field above part of the forest that would soon come down to form an additional hundred acres of pasture for Handley Farm , Seb listened to the growing hubbub .
horse-hoeing a field above part of the forest that would soon come down to form an [more] hundred acres of pasture for handley farm , seb listened to the growing hubbub .

Penson gave David Davies the job of preparing the foundations , embankment and approach road for the iron bridge over the Severn in the ‘ top sawyer 's ’ home town of Llandinam and was so pleased with his work that he recommended payment of an additional £15 over and above the contract price agreed .
penson gave david davies the job of preparing the foundations , embankment and approach road for the iron bridge over the severn in the ‘ top sawyer 's ’ home town of llandinam and was so pleased with his work that he recommended payment of an [more] £15 over and above the contract price agreed .

If the result of the income generation approach is that more resources are released to treat more patients and provide additional resources for their medical care , it does not seem that anyone should have to apologise for that policy .
if the result of the income generation approach is that more resources are released to treat more patients and provide [more] resources for their medical care , it does not seem that anyone should have to apologise for that policy .

We are taking a series of measures to increase the strength of the special constabulary with the aim of recruiting an additional 10,000 special constables .
we are taking a series of measures to increase the strength of the special constabulary with the aim of recruiting an [more] 10,000 special constables .

When he talks about appointing 1,000 police officers nationally , does he understand that that means only 1.5 additional police officers per constituency , which does not begin to meet the problem ?
when he talks about appointing 1,000 police officers nationally , does he understand that that means only 1.5 [more] police officers per constituency , which does not begin to meet the problem ?

We know perfectly well that the Labour party has committed itself to an additional £35,000 million of public spending and no capping on local authority expenditure .
we know perfectly well that the labour party has committed itself to an [more] £35,000 million of public spending and no capping on local authority expenditure .

How can the Secretary of State conceivably claim that Her Majesty 's inspectorate is to be strengthened when its numbers are to be cut by two thirds and it is to be subject to clear and specific direction from the Secretary of State ? Will the Secretary of State confirm that the privatisation of the inspectorate inherent in the Education ( Schools ) Bill goes far further than that presaged in the schools charter and includes , under the guise of additional inspectors , the substitution of private money-making firms to do the work currently carried out , not just by local inspectors but by the chief inspector of schools ?
how can the secretary of state conceivably claim that her majesty 's inspectorate is to be strengthened when its numbers are to be cut by two thirds and it is to be subject to clear and specific direction from the secretary of state ? will the secretary of state confirm that the privatisation of the inspectorate inherent in the education ( schools ) bill goes far further than that presaged in the schools charter and includes , under the guise of [more] inspectors , the substitution of private money-making firms to do the work currently carried out , not just by local inspectors but by the chief inspector of schools ?

Local education authorities have considerable flexibility to provide additional assistance to small primary schools , through the small school protection factor , but it is for each authority to devise its own scheme and to choose its priorities within that scheme in the light of local needs .
local education authorities have considerable flexibility to provide [more] assistance to small primary schools , through the small school protection factor , but it is for each authority to devise its own scheme and to choose its priorities within that scheme in the light of local needs .

Does the Minister realise that many small primary schools are now under enormous pressure in terms of delivering the full curriculum because they do not have the additional resources to enable them to employ the staff to teach it ? Will the Government stop pressurising authorities to cease supporting small primary schools through additional support across the county ? That pressure is making the future of many rural primary schools very unpredictable .
does the minister realise that many small primary schools are now under enormous pressure in terms of delivering the full curriculum because they do not have the [more] resources to enable them to employ the staff to teach it ? will the government stop pressurising authorities to cease supporting small primary schools through [more] support across the county ? that pressure is making the future of many rural primary schools very unpredictable .

All terrorist crime is detestable , whoever the victims , but does not my right hon. Friend agree that the recent upsurge of violence has made more urgent the granting of the Chief Constable 's request for at least 400 additional men in his establishment ?
all terrorist crime is detestable , whoever the victims , but does not my right hon. friend agree that the recent upsurge of violence has made more urgent the granting of the chief constable 's request for at least 400 [more] men in his establishment ?

Will he ensure that at that poverty level , those additional 400,000 pensioners are informed of their rights to claim income support so that they can at the very least receive what little is due to them under this Government ?
will he ensure that at that poverty level , those [more] 400,000 pensioners are informed of their rights to claim income support so that they can at the very least receive what little is due to them under this government ?

Is the Minister aware that there is a feeling among farmers that the Ministry is being less helpful than it used to be in dealing with compensation claims arising from low flying by jets or helicopters ? Does he recognise , for example , that insisting on veterinary reports may cause problems in that the examinations may cause distress to animals as well as additional cost to the farmer , who may not be compensated ?
is the minister aware that there is a feeling among farmers that the ministry is being less helpful than it used to be in dealing with compensation claims arising from low flying by jets or helicopters ? does he recognise , for example , that insisting on veterinary reports may cause problems in that the examinations may cause distress to animals as well as [more] cost to the farmer , who may not be compensated ?

The additional defence costs of the Gulf conflict , to be spread over several years , are currently estimated to be about £2.5 billion .
the [more] defence costs of the gulf conflict , to be spread over several years , are currently estimated to be about £2.5 billion .

To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs what consideration he is giving to additional know-how support for central and eastern European countries .
to ask the secretary of state for foreign and commonwealth affairs what consideration he is giving to [more] know-how support for central and eastern european countries .

Is my right hon. and learned Friend aware that in 1983 unemployment in my Leicestershire , North-West constituency was 14 per cent . and that now it is 6 per cent ? Is he also aware that we lost 6 , 500 jobs due to mine closures and that 1,000 additional jobs have been created — a total of 7,500 extra jobs since 1983 ? Does that not show that the Government 's policies over the years have been courageous ?
is my right hon. and learned friend aware that in 1983 unemployment in my leicestershire , north-west constituency was 14 per cent . and that now it is 6 per cent ? is he also aware that we lost 6 , 500 jobs due to mine closures and that 1,000 [more] jobs have been created — a total of 7,500 extra jobs since 1983 ? does that not show that the government 's policies over the years have been courageous ?

There are more than 2.5 million additional jobs now , compared with 1983 .
there are more than 2.5 million [more] jobs now , compared with 1983 .

The Minister is probably aware that the additional cost of living in inner London is more than £4,000 per year and in outer London more than £3,500 per year . Given that the private sector median allowance is £1,500 extra in inner London and £1,000 extra in outer London , will the Government ensure that their public sector pay policy follows the private sector and that they compensate people who work in London for the substantial additional cost of living in London ?
the minister is probably aware that the [more] cost of living in inner london is more than £4,000 per year and in outer london more than £3,500 per year . given that the private sector median allowance is £1,500 extra in inner london and £1,000 extra in outer london , will the government ensure that their public sector pay policy follows the private sector and that they compensate people who work in london for the substantial [more] cost of living in london ?

To ask the Secretary of State for Employment if he will make a statement on how he proposes to spend the additional resources announced in the autumn statement .
to ask the secretary of state for employment if he will make a statement on how he proposes to spend the [more] resources announced in the autumn statement .

The additional resources planned will be directed towards helping unemployed people , improving the skills of the work force and assisting small businesses and enterprise .
the [more] resources planned will be directed towards helping unemployed people , improving the skills of the work force and assisting small businesses and enterprise .

He will know that the health service has an excellent settlement this year , with an additional £2.2 billion for the regions — an increase of 8.9 per cent .
he will know that the health service has an excellent settlement this year , with an [more] £2.2 billion for the regions — an increase of 8.9 per cent .

It is vital that local authority social services departments do not use the additional resources for a job creation scheme for their own staff .
it is vital that local authority social services departments do not use the [more] resources for a job creation scheme for their own staff .

Will my right hon. Friend confirm that he has listened to hon. Members and representatives of people with disabilities who are worried that the additional room or larger property that they need to accommodate their disabilities might take them into a higher band and that he has decided that any such people should fall within one band lower than would otherwise be the case ?
will my right hon. friend confirm that he has listened to hon. members and representatives of people with disabilities who are worried that the [more] room or larger property that they need to accommodate their disabilities might take them into a higher band and that he has decided that any such people should fall within one band lower than would otherwise be the case ?

Eighteen additional police posts were approved with effect from 1 October 1991 and a further 15 posts from 1 April 1992 .
eighteen [more] police posts were approved with effect from 1 october 1991 and a further 15 posts from 1 april 1992 .

Fourteen additional police posts were approved with effect from 1 October 1991 , providing for an establishment of 5 , 295 .
fourteen [more] police posts were approved with effect from 1 october 1991 , providing for an establishment of 5 , 295 .

Friend the Home Secretary announced on 28 November that he had not approved the police authority 's application for 79 additional police posts in 1992-93 .
friend the home secretary announced on 28 november that he had not approved the police authority 's application for 79 [more] police posts in 1992-93 .

He should not intervene in little local difficulties in Cambridgeshire which , sooner or later , will be sorted out when the authority spends its additional resources sensibly by devoting them to raising the quality of education .
he should not intervene in little local difficulties in cambridgeshire which , sooner or later , will be sorted out when the authority spends its [more] resources sensibly by devoting them to raising the quality of education .

How many additional policemen have been provided in Scotland and how much extra money , in real terms , have the Government allocated to law and order since 1979 ? Will my hon. Friend confirm that , if the Government were to introduce proposals to toughen up sentencing policy — to impose stiffer sentences — we could look forward to Opposition Members agreeing with us for the first time ?
how many [more] policemen have been provided in scotland and how much extra money , in real terms , have the government allocated to law and order since 1979 ? will my hon. friend confirm that , if the government were to introduce proposals to toughen up sentencing policy — to impose stiffer sentences — we could look forward to opposition members agreeing with us for the first time ?

In the four Scottish cities , £3.5 million in extra capital allocations have been made available for homelessness and a further £4 million extra capital for additional homelessness projects was made available last November .
in the four scottish cities , £3.5 million in extra capital allocations have been made available for homelessness and a further £4 million extra capital for [more] homelessness projects was made available last november .

Is my right hon. Friend happy that the monitoring systems in Bolsover are as good as those in my constituency ? There are a number of petrochemical plants in my constituency , as well as the Rechem International plant , which disposes of toxic waste , where Her Majesty 's inspectorate of pollution and the local district authority carry out extensive monitoring . What additional monitoring does my right hon. Friend 's Department carry out to ensure that toxic emissions can not enter the food chain ?
is my right hon. friend happy that the monitoring systems in bolsover are as good as those in my constituency ? there are a number of petrochemical plants in my constituency , as well as the rechem international plant , which disposes of toxic waste , where her majesty 's inspectorate of pollution and the local district authority carry out extensive monitoring . what [more] monitoring does my right hon. friend 's department carry out to ensure that toxic emissions can not enter the food chain ?

These include investment in new equipment , new work procedures , additional training and new safety management systems .
these include investment in new equipment , new work procedures , [more] training and new safety management systems .

What clearer laboratory or litmus test could there be to show that our methods are genuinely additional ?
what clearer laboratory or litmus test could there be to show that our methods are genuinely [more] ?

Is not it a fact that the principal political risk against which British industry needs insurance is the risk of a Labour Government ? In the event of the Labour party coming to power British industry would be overtaxed , over-inflated , over-regulated and overburdened with additional costs such as the minimum wage .
is not it a fact that the principal political risk against which british industry needs insurance is the risk of a labour government ? in the event of the labour party coming to power british industry would be overtaxed , over-inflated , over-regulated and overburdened with [more] costs such as the minimum wage .

Does not the Secretary of State feel any remorse about those figures ? They show that male employment has gone down massively , that there are some additional jobs for female workers — full and part-time — but that the overall picture is one of deficit , despite the record investment based on the quality of the Welsh work force . Is the right hon. Gentleman prepared to say whether he thinks that before the next election these figures will improve , or will they get even worse ?
does not the secretary of state feel any remorse about those figures ? they show that male employment has gone down massively , that there are some [more] jobs for female workers — full and part-time — but that the overall picture is one of deficit , despite the record investment based on the quality of the welsh work force . is the right hon. gentleman prepared to say whether he thinks that before the next election these figures will improve , or will they get even worse ?

To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs what additional resources will be made available to improve health care for vulnerable groups in Iraq .
to ask the secretary of state for foreign and commonwealth affairs what [more] resources will be made available to improve health care for vulnerable groups in iraq .

Friend 's last point is that when the Secretary of State made his announcement about the additional real 1,000 police coming on stream this year , he said that 80 per cent .
friend 's last point is that when the secretary of state made his announcement about the [more] real 1,000 police coming on stream this year , he said that 80 per cent .

Our major crime prevention campaign this year will be against car crime , and the courts will soon have available the additional penalties under the Aggravated Vehicle-Taking Bill .
our major crime prevention campaign this year will be against car crime , and the courts will soon have available the [more] penalties under the aggravated vehicle-taking bill .

Although the trend in the figures is most gratifying , thanks to the enormous investment by the Government , does my right hon. Friend agree that British Coal is still not competitive with coal from Australia , South Africa , Colombia and the United States ? Much additional work has to be done to increase productivity further .
although the trend in the figures is most gratifying , thanks to the enormous investment by the government , does my right hon. friend agree that british coal is still not competitive with coal from australia , south africa , colombia and the united states ? much [more] work has to be done to increase productivity further .

Scottish universities now take many students from the Republic of Ireland and Scotland has to pay the full tuition fees for all those students . Given that the Republic of Ireland does not pay the tuition fees of the few Scottish students in the Republic , is that additional burden on Scottish universities taken into account and are larger grants made available to those universities on that basis ?
scottish universities now take many students from the republic of ireland and scotland has to pay the full tuition fees for all those students . given that the republic of ireland does not pay the tuition fees of the few scottish students in the republic , is that [more] burden on scottish universities taken into account and are larger grants made available to those universities on that basis ?

Does my hon. Friend agree that the principal attraction of grant-maintained schools is not the additional funding that they receive but the greater independence from the LEAs that they then enjoy ? Does he further agree that , following the re-election of the Conservative party to office after the next general election , there will be an avalanche of applications from state schools seeking grant-maintained status ?
does my hon. friend agree that the principal attraction of grant-maintained schools is not the [more] funding that they receive but the greater independence from the leas that they then enjoy ? does he further agree that , following the re-election of the conservative party to office after the next general election , there will be an avalanche of applications from state schools seeking grant-maintained status ?

Friend says , that the Chief Constable 's request for 441 additional police officers would be met .
friend says , that the chief constable 's request for 441 [more] police officers would be met .

In recent weeks , a number of additional measures have been introduced and the security forces have had considerable success in disrupting planned terrorist activity .
in recent weeks , a number of [more] measures have been introduced and the security forces have had considerable success in disrupting planned terrorist activity .

Gentleman refers is that for some years now we have pursued the same policy that the money has been , in the formula applied , additional and is reflected in higher public spending plans , and that it is for the Commissioner to honour the pledge that we have had for years past .
gentleman refers is that for some years now we have pursued the same policy that the money has been , in the formula applied , [more] and is reflected in higher public spending plans , and that it is for the commissioner to honour the pledge that we have had for years past .

Will the Secretary of State concede that many people are doing better , which we welcome , because of the state earnings-related pension scheme which was introduced by the Labour Government ? The people who are not doing well are those without additional income on lower incomes , such as single pensioners , who have lost the equivalent of £15 a week , and married couple pensioners , who have lost the equivalent of £25 a week . Will the Secretary of State take this chance — one of his last — to apologise to pensioners for what he has done ?
will the secretary of state concede that many people are doing better , which we welcome , because of the state earnings-related pension scheme which was introduced by the labour government ? the people who are not doing well are those without [more] income on lower incomes , such as single pensioners , who have lost the equivalent of £15 a week , and married couple pensioners , who have lost the equivalent of £25 a week . will the secretary of state take this chance — one of his last — to apologise to pensioners for what he has done ?

It is interesting that he talks of people getting nothing for their additional contributions in the very week when the hon .
it is interesting that he talks of people getting nothing for their [more] contributions in the very week when the hon .

Does my hon. Friend agree that many pensioners have built up savings throughout their lives , partly from income and , occasionally , from redundancy payments , and that it is rare that that income from savings is unearned ? Is she aware of the great unease among pensioners about the fact that an additional surcharge may be put on their fairly modest level of income from savings ? Will she confirm for those pensioners that their savings are safe with us ?
does my hon. friend agree that many pensioners have built up savings throughout their lives , partly from income and , occasionally , from redundancy payments , and that it is rare that that income from savings is unearned ? is she aware of the great unease among pensioners about the fact that an [more] surcharge may be put on their fairly modest level of income from savings ? will she confirm for those pensioners that their savings are safe with us ?

Gentleman would care to tell the House of the additional job losses that would follow if Labour 's reckless defence cuts were superimposed on the problems already faced by the industry .
gentleman would care to tell the house of the [more] job losses that would follow if labour 's reckless defence cuts were superimposed on the problems already faced by the industry .

Why does not the Chief Secretary recognise that a period of high unemployment and recession is the best time to spend additional resources on investment in the fabric of our schools , homes and transport ? That would put people back to work and give long-term benefits to the economy .
why does not the chief secretary recognise that a period of high unemployment and recession is the best time to spend [more] resources on investment in the fabric of our schools , homes and transport ? that would put people back to work and give long-term benefits to the economy .

They must be able to show measurable improvements in the quality of their services over the past two years , and customer satisfaction , and they must have in hand or plan to introduce at least one innovative enhancement to their services which entails no additional cost to the taxpayer or consumer .
they must be able to show measurable improvements in the quality of their services over the past two years , and customer satisfaction , and they must have in hand or plan to introduce at least one innovative enhancement to their services which entails no [more] cost to the taxpayer or consumer .

To ask the Secretary of State for the Environment if he will make a statement on the availability of council house sales ' receipts to repay debt and to provide additional houses to rent .
to ask the secretary of state for the environment if he will make a statement on the availability of council house sales ' receipts to repay debt and to provide [more] houses to rent .

We are extending the range and coverage of our urban air quality monitoring network in the coming years , and an additional monitoring site came into operation in central London last month .
we are extending the range and coverage of our urban air quality monitoring network in the coming years , and an [more] monitoring site came into operation in central london last month .

To ask the Secretary of State for the Environment if he will consider the need for additional regulations to enhance the ecological protection of the environment for green belt areas of open space in the outer London boroughs .
to ask the secretary of state for the environment if he will consider the need for [more] regulations to enhance the ecological protection of the environment for green belt areas of open space in the outer london boroughs .

Additional police expenditure associated with the War Crimes Act 1991 is estimated at £930,000 for 1991-92 .
[more] police expenditure associated with the war crimes act 1991 is estimated at £930,000 for 1991-92 .

Therefore , the spending in that police authority area is higher than elsewhere , so it does have the resources to police to strength and it will receive additional resources under the arrangements .
therefore , the spending in that police authority area is higher than elsewhere , so it does have the resources to police to strength and it will receive [more] resources under the arrangements .

If asked , would my right hon. Friend be able to confirm that private sponsorship of the arts has generated an additional £46 million on top of the already large amounts of public expenditure ? Would he also be able to confirm that the only threat to the continuation of that expenditure is the election of philistines of the left , who are opposed to the scheme and whose tax policies would pulverise the attempts of those who support the arts ?
if asked , would my right hon. friend be able to confirm that private sponsorship of the arts has generated an [more] £46 million on top of the already large amounts of public expenditure ? would he also be able to confirm that the only threat to the continuation of that expenditure is the election of philistines of the left , who are opposed to the scheme and whose tax policies would pulverise the attempts of those who support the arts ?

Does my hon. Friend share with me some anger that 19 Labour authorities still have not even bothered to bid for the funds that are available ? Does he agree that that contrasts with the breath of fresh air that is now flowing through our universities and polytechnics ? The universities have attracted large sums — more than £700 million of additional funding — for the current year , and our polytechnics likewise , now that they are independent of the stifling hand of Labour authorities —
does my hon. friend share with me some anger that 19 labour authorities still have not even bothered to bid for the funds that are available ? does he agree that that contrasts with the breath of fresh air that is now flowing through our universities and polytechnics ? the universities have attracted large sums — more than £700 million of [more] funding — for the current year , and our polytechnics likewise , now that they are independent of the stifling hand of labour authorities —

Additional funds have been made available for the purpose and , accordingly , the reforms — including the establishment of trusts — cause no adverse effects on the hospital maintenance programme .
[more] funds have been made available for the purpose and , accordingly , the reforms — including the establishment of trusts — cause no adverse effects on the hospital maintenance programme .

Gentleman also knows that we have provided more additional resources in this Parliament than he was even prepared to promise in his last election manifesto .
gentleman also knows that we have provided more [more] resources in this parliament than he was even prepared to promise in his last election manifesto .

However , what additional measures will be taken , particularly to assist with the distribution of foodstuffs once they reach eastern Europe ? My right hon. Friend will agree that empty bellies make poor counsellors . What positive action will be taken to assist people in eastern Europe and in the former states of the Soviet Union ?
however , what [more] measures will be taken , particularly to assist with the distribution of foodstuffs once they reach eastern europe ? my right hon. friend will agree that empty bellies make poor counsellors . what positive action will be taken to assist people in eastern europe and in the former states of the soviet union ?

It is typical of the Labour party 's attitude that it would fritter away additional resources by spending more money not on increasing the number of training places but on paying more to those already in training places .
it is typical of the labour party 's attitude that it would fritter away [more] resources by spending more money not on increasing the number of training places but on paying more to those already in training places .

We are using the additional resources to excellent effect .
we are using the [more] resources to excellent effect .

The scheme is one for an imaginatively landscaped , artificial but natural-looking , additional channel to parallel the Thames .
the scheme is one for an imaginatively landscaped , artificial but natural-looking , [more] channel to parallel the thames .

People would believe that it was unnecessary to dispute the matter and that they had received an additional benefit for the injury that had been forced upon them .
people would believe that it was unnecessary to dispute the matter and that they had received an [more] benefit for the injury that had been forced upon them .

They say that an additional £420 in student loans and an uprating of 5.5 per cent .
they say that an [more] £420 in student loans and an uprating of 5.5 per cent .

The withdrawal of most full-time students ' entitlement to those benefits took place at a time when substantial additional resources were being made available to students through the education system .
the withdrawal of most full-time students ' entitlement to those benefits took place at a time when substantial [more] resources were being made available to students through the education system .

In this academic year the Department of Education and Science has also provided additional guidance to institutions administering the access funds .
in this academic year the department of education and science has also provided [more] guidance to institutions administering the access funds .

There was no additional help for students who found themselves in trouble in the summer .
there was no [more] help for students who found themselves in trouble in the summer .

Local authority associations have identified the need for additional resources to provide both housing and education of the children of refugees .
local authority associations have identified the need for [more] resources to provide both housing and education of the children of refugees .

It would create a great deal of additional uncertainty for tenants , customers and all in the brewing industry .
it would create a great deal of [more] uncertainty for tenants , customers and all in the brewing industry .

, an additional 186,000 patients could be treated at no extra cost .
, an [more] 186,000 patients could be treated at no extra cost .

Finally , if the proposed programme is a follow-up to the citizens charter , will the Minister confirm what the Prime Minister said in a written answer to me , that the citizens charter 's provisions to improve our public services promise not a penny in additional public expenditure ? Like the previous blue glossy document , this blue glossy document contains Conservative party propaganda published at taxpayers ' expense . How much did it cost ?
finally , if the proposed programme is a follow-up to the citizens charter , will the minister confirm what the prime minister said in a written answer to me , that the citizens charter 's provisions to improve our public services promise not a penny in [more] public expenditure ? like the previous blue glossy document , this blue glossy document contains conservative party propaganda published at taxpayers ' expense . how much did it cost ?

In answer to a question from me , he suggested that the Bill affected all areas of the United Kingdom in the same way , with additional provision for Scotland in clause 17 .
in answer to a question from me , he suggested that the bill affected all areas of the united kingdom in the same way , with [more] provision for scotland in clause 17 .

Additional pupils bring additional resources , which will create yet more success .
[more] pupils bring [more] resources , which will create yet more success .

Will my right hon. Friend note that , with 82 hon. Members wishing to express an opinion in the debate later this afternoon , any suggestion that the additional two hours provided is adequate is clearly wide of the mark ? Will he give the House an assurance that , when we discuss the post-Maastricht position , the debate will be unlimited ? On his discussions with Front-Bench Members , in the absence of a commitment to a referendum , will he ensure that , at least on this side of the House , there is a free vote ?
will my right hon. friend note that , with 82 hon. members wishing to express an opinion in the debate later this afternoon , any suggestion that the [more] two hours provided is adequate is clearly wide of the mark ? will he give the house an assurance that , when we discuss the post-maastricht position , the debate will be unlimited ? on his discussions with front-bench members , in the absence of a commitment to a referendum , will he ensure that , at least on this side of the house , there is a free vote ?

The European Parliament should be given further additional powers : powers to initiate proposals for legislation , which would be considered by the Commission and the Council of Ministers ; powers of second reading on social and environmental decisions by the Council of Ministers .
the european parliament should be given further [more] powers : powers to initiate proposals for legislation , which would be considered by the commission and the council of ministers ; powers of second reading on social and environmental decisions by the council of ministers .

Friend the Prime Minister , have made significant additional unilateral reductions , all of which have been met by similar unilateral cuts by President Gorbachev and accompanied by the promise of further bilateral reductions to come .
friend the prime minister , have made significant [more] unilateral reductions , all of which have been met by similar unilateral cuts by president gorbachev and accompanied by the promise of further bilateral reductions to come .

It was to examine the amendments and the additional provisions that were required in the Committee 's report which , the House will recall , was published in June of last year .
it was to examine the amendments and the [more] provisions that were required in the committee 's report which , the house will recall , was published in june of last year .

This additional beauty becomes the true and only beauty of the absent youth .
this [more] beauty becomes the true and only beauty of the absent youth .

Bishop 's Castle Railway , deviations and additional works , plans and sections ( all minor deviations of the eastern part of the original main line proposal with an additional junction spur at Lydham Heath to make a double junction there to allow direct running between Craven Arms and Bishop 's Castle .
bishop 's castle railway , deviations and [more] works , plans and sections ( all minor deviations of the eastern part of the original main line proposal with an [more] junction spur at lydham heath to make a double junction there to allow direct running between craven arms and bishop 's castle .

In the case of a breach of condition the buyer has the additional right to reject the goods and recover the price .
in the case of a breach of condition the buyer has the [more] right to reject the goods and recover the price .

Additional Note
[more] note

As a consequence the original idea of installing an additional floor in the building could not go ahead at present .
as a consequence the original idea of installing an [more] floor in the building could not go ahead at present .

Passengers were compensated by an additional Machynlleth to Talerddig service .
passengers were compensated by an [more] machynlleth to talerddig service .

Additional Notes
[more] notes

An additional source of market failure is externalities .
an [more] source of market failure is externalities .

Additional output of goods which yield external benefits can be obtained by giving subsidies to private sector firms for producing them .
[more] output of goods which yield external benefits can be obtained by giving subsidies to private sector firms for producing them .

As price is in excess of marginal cost , consumers would value additional units of the product more highly than goods being currently produced with the resources that could be reallocated to the monopolized product .
as price is in excess of marginal cost , consumers would value [more] units of the product more highly than goods being currently produced with the resources that could be reallocated to the monopolized product .

[ … ] Competition , to the equilibrium price theorist , turned out to refer to a state of affairs into which so many competing participants have already entered that no room remains for additional entry ( or other modification of existing market conditions ) .
[ … ] competition , to the equilibrium price theorist , turned out to refer to a state of affairs into which so many competing participants have already entered that no room remains for [more] entry ( or other modification of existing market conditions ) .

For example , if society believes workers should be democratically represented on firms ' boards of directors , it also should be recognized that additional costs of democracy are to be borne by someone : shareholders who get lower profits , workers who get lower wages , customers who pay higher prices , or taxpayers .
for example , if society believes workers should be democratically represented on firms ' boards of directors , it also should be recognized that [more] costs of democracy are to be borne by someone : shareholders who get lower profits , workers who get lower wages , customers who pay higher prices , or taxpayers .

Work from British Rail and three local authorities is already forthcoming , whilst additional studies are being sought .
work from british rail and three local authorities is already forthcoming , whilst [more] studies are being sought .

Salford University Additional Sponsors : Greater Manchester Police ( Research and Development Department )
salford university [more] sponsors : greater manchester police ( research and development department )

If the room thermostat is in the living room and there is additional heating in there ( an open fire or gas fire , perhaps ) , the central heating is turning off too early .
if the room thermostat is in the living room and there is [more] heating in there ( an open fire or gas fire , perhaps ) , the central heating is turning off too early .

An additional radiator may be necessary .
an [more] radiator may be necessary .

These include mini-trunking , similar to that used for electric cables , and additional skirting boards and architraves ( in plastic or hardwood ) which have a space behind them for running pipes .
these include mini-trunking , similar to that used for electric cables , and [more] skirting boards and architraves ( in plastic or hardwood ) which have a space behind them for running pipes .

Additional skirting board
[more] skirting board

Just before the trapdoor slammed shut , cutting off de Raimes ' harsh laughter and the additional light from above , Isabel saw an indistinct lump in one corner .
just before the trapdoor slammed shut , cutting off de raimes ' harsh laughter and the [more] light from above , isabel saw an indistinct lump in one corner .

She preferred the additional wearisome walk , half an hour up and half an hour back down on the other side , to bothering one of these absorbed people .
she preferred the [more] wearisome walk , half an hour up and half an hour back down on the other side , to bothering one of these absorbed people .

It is , however , possible to broaden the search and find additional information on asbestos roofing by retrieving general documents on roofing and extracting pertinent sections .
it is , however , possible to broaden the search and find [more] information on asbestos roofing by retrieving general documents on roofing and extracting pertinent sections .

Obviously , computers and the use of notation in computerized systems may place additional constraints upon the nature of notation or , conversely , may eliminate the need to consider some of the characteristics listed below .
obviously , computers and the use of notation in computerized systems may place [more] constraints upon the nature of notation or , conversely , may eliminate the need to consider some of the characteristics listed below .

On the other hand , the use of keywords from Dewey as a means of generating additional keywords for records was extremely fruitful and allowed better retrieval even if , on occasions , there was some loss of precision due to the granularity of the classification .
on the other hand , the use of keywords from dewey as a means of generating [more] keywords for records was extremely fruitful and allowed better retrieval even if , on occasions , there was some loss of precision due to the granularity of the classification .

Thesauri often boast an additional explicit statement of the structure of the relationships between terms in the form of categorized lists or displays .
thesauri often boast an [more] explicit statement of the structure of the relationships between terms in the form of categorized lists or displays .

Retrieval of documents on a search topic , by using terms for a broader or narrower concept , relies heavily both on the searcher 's ingenuity and on any additional relationships that the database indexer might have added to link the natural language index terms .
retrieval of documents on a search topic , by using terms for a broader or narrower concept , relies heavily both on the searcher 's ingenuity and on any [more] relationships that the database indexer might have added to link the natural language index terms .

As it is , fixed costs influence the outcome , through the additional factor substitution effect ( 7–33 ' ) , which depends on the degree of substitutability in fixed costs , and through the effect on the scale of the firm .
as it is , fixed costs influence the outcome , through the [more] factor substitution effect ( 7–33 ' ) , which depends on the degree of substitutability in fixed costs , and through the effect on the scale of the firm .

Where consumers are rationed on the labour ( or any other ) market , the formation of expectations takes on additional significance .
where consumers are rationed on the labour ( or any other ) market , the formation of expectations takes on [more] significance .

For example , the enactment of import quotas , designed to compensate particular industrial supporters , may impose substantial additional costs .
for example , the enactment of import quotas , designed to compensate particular industrial supporters , may impose substantial [more] costs .

In order to be ‘ Court of Justice proof ’ , this amendment will have to take the form of a change in the primary text of the Treaty or of the inclusion of an additional protocol .
in order to be ‘ court of justice proof ’ , this amendment will have to take the form of a change in the primary text of the treaty or of the inclusion of an [more] protocol .

Therefore the rational expectations hypothesis suggests a valid method of incorporating additional information when estimating macroeconomic models which contain expectation terms .
therefore the rational expectations hypothesis suggests a valid method of incorporating [more] information when estimating macroeconomic models which contain expectation terms .

Some additional support for a simple x per cent rule for the money supply is provided by the analysis explained earlier about the volatility of aggregate demand .
some [more] support for a simple x per cent rule for the money supply is provided by the analysis explained earlier about the volatility of aggregate demand .

It is now clear that the variation in is greater than that of because the former has the additional term in which does not appear in equation ( 5.46 ) .
it is now clear that the variation in is greater than that of because the former has the [more] term in which does not appear in equation ( 5.46 ) .

Because of this ( and assuming for simplicity that firms do not carry inventories ) they will demand only enough labour to produce the output they can sell , for any additional inputs of labour will either be idle or else will produce output which will remain unsold .
because of this ( and assuming for simplicity that firms do not carry inventories ) they will demand only enough labour to produce the output they can sell , for any [more] inputs of labour will either be idle or else will produce output which will remain unsold .

Mandeville kept to himself , fretting about Southgate and when the additional soldiers would arrive .
mandeville kept to himself , fretting about southgate and when the [more] soldiers would arrive .

Additional information that can be used to narrow down the range of possible solutions in a normal co-ordinate analysis can be obtained using isotopically substituted samples .
[more] information that can be used to narrow down the range of possible solutions in a normal co-ordinate analysis can be obtained using isotopically substituted samples .

Recently the use of photolysis in matrices with plane polarized light and the subsequent recording of the polarized infrared spectra of the products has given important additional information about the structures of unstable intermediates .
recently the use of photolysis in matrices with plane polarized light and the subsequent recording of the polarized infrared spectra of the products has given important [more] information about the structures of unstable intermediates .

Higher order lagged dependent variables may be introduced by invoking additional adjustment costs arising , for example , from an acceleration in portfolio investment .
higher order lagged dependent variables may be introduced by invoking [more] adjustment costs arising , for example , from an acceleration in portfolio investment .

The preferred equation is reported as equation ( 2.4 ) in Table 2 ; this is equivalent to ( 2.3 ) but with an additional lagged inflation term that appears orthogonal to the remaining regressors .
the preferred equation is reported as equation ( 2.4 ) in table 2 ; this is equivalent to ( 2.3 ) but with an [more] lagged inflation term that appears orthogonal to the remaining regressors .

However , in the present context , the effects of quota restrictions in oligopolistic markets will have an additional effect of changing the conjectures of the firms competing in the market .
however , in the present context , the effects of quota restrictions in oligopolistic markets will have an [more] effect of changing the conjectures of the firms competing in the market .

They are commonly alteration products of the primary detrital grains , but may also form from the introduction of additional ions by circulating pore fluids , as in many instances of dolomitization of a precursor carbonate .
they are commonly alteration products of the primary detrital grains , but may also form from the introduction of [more] ions by circulating pore fluids , as in many instances of dolomitization of a precursor carbonate .

Six ( or more ) additional keys can be marked for different components within the section .
six ( or more ) [more] keys can be marked for different components within the section .

Grains present , but not encountered under the cross hairs , are noted as additional minerals ( Table 5.4 ) .
grains present , but not encountered under the cross hairs , are noted as [more] minerals ( table 5.4 ) .

The position of the traverses should be noted as this enables the counting of additional points , should this be necessary ; it also enables checking of the original data .
the position of the traverses should be noted as this enables the counting of [more] points , should this be necessary ; it also enables checking of the original data .

However , cathodoluminescence ( Chapter 6 ) can give additional information on crystal growth directions and can aid elucidation of many cement relationships ; it is an important adjunct for the study of many carbonate , quartz and feldspar cements .
however , cathodoluminescence ( chapter 6 ) can give [more] information on crystal growth directions and can aid elucidation of many cement relationships ; it is an important adjunct for the study of many carbonate , quartz and feldspar cements .

5.29 with examples in Figs 5.30 , 5.31 and 5.32 ; relevant additional comments on these diagenetic environments are included below .
5.29 with examples in figs 5.30 , 5.31 and 5.32 ; relevant [more] comments on these diagenetic environments are included below .

These fabrics result from temperature and pressure increases and from interaction with migrating pore fluids , although alteration does not necessarily require the introduction of additional ions within these fluids .
these fabrics result from temperature and pressure increases and from interaction with migrating pore fluids , although alteration does not necessarily require the introduction of [more] ions within these fluids .

Trap centres : those where additional energy is required to raise the energy state sufficiently to produce luminescence on transition to the ground state .
trap centres : those where [more] energy is required to raise the energy state sufficiently to produce luminescence on transition to the ground state .

It gave the Bank additional power by creating a board of banking supervision ; by making the provision of misleading information to this board a criminal offence ; by taking powers to consult with the auditors and accountants of individual banks ; by defining the circumstances in which it would not consider an individual a ‘ fit and proper person ’ to run a bank ; and by taking powers to limit individual shareholding in a bank .
it gave the bank [more] power by creating a board of banking supervision ; by making the provision of misleading information to this board a criminal offence ; by taking powers to consult with the auditors and accountants of individual banks ; by defining the circumstances in which it would not consider an individual a ‘ fit and proper person ’ to run a bank ; and by taking powers to limit individual shareholding in a bank .

If banks in general are doing this , however , each individual bank will be receiving additional deposits and corresponding balances .
if banks in general are doing this , however , each individual bank will be receiving [more] deposits and corresponding balances .

Therefore , each time it receives new deposits and operational balances , the additional balances serve only to replace the balances used to increase its own advances .
therefore , each time it receives new deposits and operational balances , the [more] balances serve only to replace the balances used to increase its own advances .

It would gain deposits , matched exactly of course by additional operational balances .
it would gain deposits , matched exactly of course by [more] operational balances .

It is that these additional deposits can only come from some other bank .
it is that these [more] deposits can only come from some other bank .

They would then have shareholders , rather than members , and would be able to raise additional capital for expansion in the normal commercial way by issuing additional shares .
they would then have shareholders , rather than members , and would be able to raise [more] capital for expansion in the normal commercial way by issuing [more] shares .

Also , of course , a trust is at liberty to raise new capital by an issue of additional ordinary or debenture shares .
also , of course , a trust is at liberty to raise new capital by an issue of [more] ordinary or debenture shares .

Thus a flow of funds into trusts ' shares , pushing up their price , may result in new issues and a flow of additional funds into the trust itself .
thus a flow of funds into trusts ' shares , pushing up their price , may result in new issues and a flow of [more] funds into the trust itself .

In addition to money held for this ‘ transactions ’ purpose some additional money will be held for ‘ precautionary ’ reasons and perhaps also some will be held as a form of saving or as an ‘ asset ’ .
in addition to money held for this ‘ transactions ’ purpose some [more] money will be held for ‘ precautionary ’ reasons and perhaps also some will be held as a form of saving or as an ‘ asset ’ .

If the building society had used the additional deposit to buy public sector debt , then the consequence would have been avoided .
if the building society had used the [more] deposit to buy public sector debt , then the consequence would have been avoided .

Teachers in special schools are paid an additional allowance , but the small size of the schools and the move towards integrating children with special needs into ordinary schools mean that they have fewer prospects for promotion than teachers in mainstream schools .
teachers in special schools are paid an [more] allowance , but the small size of the schools and the move towards integrating children with special needs into ordinary schools mean that they have fewer prospects for promotion than teachers in mainstream schools .

An additional 3 % was local authority capital expenditure .
an [more] 3 % was local authority capital expenditure .

But business was business — and Miss Philimore was busy explaining that the service attracted an additional fee , as well as guaranteeing repeat business for year after year .
but business was business — and miss philimore was busy explaining that the service attracted an [more] fee , as well as guaranteeing repeat business for year after year .

Ps : No , we 're saying that once pupils get into the secondary school , additional skills are needed for learning mathematics .
ps : no , we 're saying that once pupils get into the secondary school , [more] skills are needed for learning mathematics .

So far from being an additional and unnecessary mystery , an accidental tom-tit in an otherwise rational theory of contract , consideration in its essential nature is an aspect merely of the fundamental notion of bargain , other aspects of which , no less but no more important , are offer and acceptance .
so far from being an [more] and unnecessary mystery , an accidental tom-tit in an otherwise rational theory of contract , consideration in its essential nature is an aspect merely of the fundamental notion of bargain , other aspects of which , no less but no more important , are offer and acceptance .

If it were clear when a party has formed an intention to incur legal obligation , if a person did commonly define the obligation he desired to assume in terms which left little doubt as to its nature , it would be unnecessary , and indeed merely foolish , to require an additional test of that intention .
if it were clear when a party has formed an intention to incur legal obligation , if a person did commonly define the obligation he desired to assume in terms which left little doubt as to its nature , it would be unnecessary , and indeed merely foolish , to require an [more] test of that intention .

The fact that the promisor has already received consideration for his promise before he makes it , so far from enabling him to break his promise seems to us to form an additional reason for making him keep it .
the fact that the promisor has already received consideration for his promise before he makes it , so far from enabling him to break his promise seems to us to form an [more] reason for making him keep it .

The defendants denied liability and , in particular , that they were liable to pay any part of the additional £10,300 because their agreement to pay it was not supported by any consideration .
the defendants denied liability and , in particular , that they were liable to pay any part of the [more] £10,300 because their agreement to pay it was not supported by any consideration .

These were all advantages accruing to the defendants which can fairly be said to have been in consideration of their undertaking to pay the additional £10,300 .
these were all advantages accruing to the defendants which can fairly be said to have been in consideration of their undertaking to pay the [more] £10,300 .

True it was that the plaintiff did not undertake to do any work additional to that which he had originally undertaken to do but the terms on which he was to carry out the work were varied and , in my judgment , that variation was supported by consideration which a pragmatic approach to the true relationship between the parties readily demonstrates .
true it was that the plaintiff did not undertake to do any work [more] to that which he had originally undertaken to do but the terms on which he was to carry out the work were varied and , in my judgment , that variation was supported by consideration which a pragmatic approach to the true relationship between the parties readily demonstrates .

Although we are convinced we are under no ob ] igation to make additional payments which you ask , we are prepared as you demand in your telex of the 26th June , 1973 , and in order to maintain an amicable relationship and without prejudice to our rights , to make an increase of 10 per cent .
although we are convinced we are under no ob ] igation to make [more] payments which you ask , we are prepared as you demand in your telex of the 26th june , 1973 , and in order to maintain an amicable relationship and without prejudice to our rights , to make an increase of 10 per cent .

The letter of credit was increased , the instalments were paid with the additional 10 per cent .
the letter of credit was increased , the instalments were paid with the [more] 10 per cent .

But it was not the warmth of the night which kept him awake , nor the hectic business of the day in the office , where they had had to deal with all the additional pressures which the murder had brought to the diocese .
but it was not the warmth of the night which kept him awake , nor the hectic business of the day in the office , where they had had to deal with all the [more] pressures which the murder had brought to the diocese .

Along with earlier ideas of colonisation of the landscape , it was assumed that original churches had been supplemented with additional chapels of ease as needed .
along with earlier ideas of colonisation of the landscape , it was assumed that original churches had been supplemented with [more] chapels of ease as needed .

We can take an example to demonstrate some of the implications of these ideas and the additional information which can emerge .
we can take an example to demonstrate some of the implications of these ideas and the [more] information which can emerge .

There were also some additional classrooms , built on in the ‘ forties , when building controls were strict and architectural standards were low : this extension was a long , straight line of jerry-built square rooms , projecting from the right of the original house .
there were also some [more] classrooms , built on in the ‘ forties , when building controls were strict and architectural standards were low : this extension was a long , straight line of jerry-built square rooms , projecting from the right of the original house .

The only comment made was that a small parish such as Nether Wyresdale ( less than 500 electors ) could not contemplate taking on any additional direct responsibilities .
the only comment made was that a small parish such as nether wyresdale ( less than 500 electors ) could not contemplate taking on any [more] direct responsibilities .

While one argument against expecting schools to carry an additional load of knowledge is that such knowledge , particularly in the vocational field , rapidly becomes out of date , two arguments from the other side have some lasting weight .
while one argument against expecting schools to carry an [more] load of knowledge is that such knowledge , particularly in the vocational field , rapidly becomes out of date , two arguments from the other side have some lasting weight .

Even if these are not services whose impact is deeply felt by teachers and by ancillary staff nevertheless they can enrich the school when they are provided as additional services and they can , if they are absent , narrow a school 's horizons .
even if these are not services whose impact is deeply felt by teachers and by ancillary staff nevertheless they can enrich the school when they are provided as [more] services and they can , if they are absent , narrow a school 's horizons .

This course would be an additional support to that process .
this course would be an [more] support to that process .

If the course can be justified , then an additional benefit is the potential resource that such a course would offer in Britain .
if the course can be justified , then an [more] benefit is the potential resource that such a course would offer in britain .

Two additional Learning Outcomes covering minimum legal ages and traffic legislation .
two [more] learning outcomes covering minimum legal ages and traffic legislation .

The Stage 1 Generic Sciences modules can also be used to complement the other Stage 1 science modules in a biology , chemistry or physics context to provide additional practical and problem-solving skills .
the stage 1 generic sciences modules can also be used to complement the other stage 1 science modules in a biology , chemistry or physics context to provide [more] practical and problem-solving skills .

Additional practical and problem-solving skills may be developed by integrating either of these programmes with :
[more] practical and problem-solving skills may be developed by integrating either of these programmes with :

The choice of the additional modules would depend on the student 's need and achievement profile .
the choice of the [more] modules would depend on the student 's need and achievement profile .

Additional programmes can be developed depending on the needs and achievement profile of the student . In each case it may be possible to provide additional practical and problem-solving skills by integrating either one or both of the following into the programmes ( this could be particularly important for those students wishing to enter Higher Education ) :
[more] programmes can be developed depending on the needs and achievement profile of the student . in each case it may be possible to provide [more] practical and problem-solving skills by integrating either one or both of the following into the programmes ( this could be particularly important for those students wishing to enter higher education ) :

Additional practical and problem-solving skills may be developed by integrating this programme with :
[more] practical and problem-solving skills may be developed by integrating this programme with :

Additional practical work and problem-solving skills may be developed by integrating either one or both of the following modules into the programme ( this could be particularly important for those students wishing to enter Higher Education :
[more] practical work and problem-solving skills may be developed by integrating either one or both of the following modules into the programme ( this could be particularly important for those students wishing to enter higher education :

Additional practical and problem-solving skills may be developed by integrating these modules with :
[more] practical and problem-solving skills may be developed by integrating these modules with :

Additional practical work and problem-solving skills may be developed by integrating either one or both of the following modules into the programme :
[more] practical work and problem-solving skills may be developed by integrating either one or both of the following modules into the programme :

additional advice is also given on
[more] advice is also given on

Since this will be a new approach for many users of mathematics modules , additional support is being provided in the form of this ‘ Guide to Mathematical Investigations ’ , which includes guidance on , and exemplars of , possible investigations .
since this will be a new approach for many users of mathematics modules , [more] support is being provided in the form of this ‘ guide to mathematical investigations ’ , which includes guidance on , and exemplars of , possible investigations .

This would then be a useful time to engage in the brainstorming process to generate additional topics for individual investigations and give practice in applying the selection criteria .
this would then be a useful time to engage in the brainstorming process to generate [more] topics for individual investigations and give practice in applying the selection criteria .

As the code is an umbrella document , the engineering institutions may have additional requirements to suit their particular disciplines .
as the code is an umbrella document , the engineering institutions may have [more] requirements to suit their particular disciplines .

For example , stories of piles of urine-soaked mattresses having to be burned by harassed billeting officers have to be placed alongside evidence that hosts sometimes invented bed-wetting cases in order to claim the extra 3s 6d billeting allowance for additional laundry costs : in Llantrisant , in Wales , the total paid out in such allowances rose from 43 in 1940–41 to a staggering 350 in 1941–42 , until there was an official investigation whereupon the number of reported cases fell dramatically .
for example , stories of piles of urine-soaked mattresses having to be burned by harassed billeting officers have to be placed alongside evidence that hosts sometimes invented bed-wetting cases in order to claim the extra 3s 6d billeting allowance for [more] laundry costs : in llantrisant , in wales , the total paid out in such allowances rose from 43 in 1940–41 to a staggering 350 in 1941–42 , until there was an official investigation whereupon the number of reported cases fell dramatically .

There is an additional prediction about the relationship between arousal and memory which is commonly made from Easterbrook 's hypothesis .
there is an [more] prediction about the relationship between arousal and memory which is commonly made from easterbrook 's hypothesis .

Although there were additional conditions in the Heuer and Reisberg study the interesting comparison is between the arousal and neutral conditions .
although there were [more] conditions in the heuer and reisberg study the interesting comparison is between the arousal and neutral conditions .

, 1991 ; Heuer & Reisberg , 1990 ) have the additional problem of deciding a priori which aspects of a stimulus are central and which are peripheral .
, 1991 ; heuer & reisberg , 1990 ) have the [more] problem of deciding a priori which aspects of a stimulus are central and which are peripheral .

An additional difficulty with the central-peripheral distinction as it has been used by researchers is the rather ad hoc definition of the difference .
an [more] difficulty with the central-peripheral distinction as it has been used by researchers is the rather ad hoc definition of the difference .

The video records of each drive were subsequently analysed to obtain various additional measures described below .
the video records of each drive were subsequently analysed to obtain various [more] measures described below .

An additional measure of objective risk which is similar to the one used in the Watts and Quimby ( 1980 ) study was obtained by simply dividing the number of accidents by the traffic flow ( note that the units of this measure are essentially arbitrary ) .
an [more] measure of objective risk which is similar to the one used in the watts and quimby ( 1980 ) study was obtained by simply dividing the number of accidents by the traffic flow ( note that the units of this measure are essentially arbitrary ) .

In addition to the judgment results a number of additional measures were taken from the videos made during the drive .
in addition to the judgment results a number of [more] measures were taken from the videos made during the drive .

It has the additional advantage that every subject can be shown identical films , thus interpretations of differences in performance are not limited to comparisons between junctions .
it has the [more] advantage that every subject can be shown identical films , thus interpretations of differences in performance are not limited to comparisons between junctions .

However , there are clear practical differences between the measures in their normal use , particularly in the fact that recall is normally enhanced by providing additional retrieval cues .
however , there are clear practical differences between the measures in their normal use , particularly in the fact that recall is normally enhanced by providing [more] retrieval cues .

The normality judgment task has an additional purpose .
the normality judgment task has an [more] purpose .

The data from this separate study will be discussed with the results of Study 4 where they appear to provide useful additional information about the tasks and stimuli used .
the data from this separate study will be discussed with the results of study 4 where they appear to provide useful [more] information about the tasks and stimuli used .

Nonetheless , it is clear that accident estimates still provide additional information .
nonetheless , it is clear that accident estimates still provide [more] information .

Of the additional data collected about these stimuli in Groeger and Chapman ( in preparation b ) the first six scales were chosen to be directly concerned with aspects of risk .
of the [more] data collected about these stimuli in groeger and chapman ( in preparation b ) the first six scales were chosen to be directly concerned with aspects of risk .

An additional advantage of this method of presentation is that it made the situation less realistic for subjects .
an [more] advantage of this method of presentation is that it made the situation less realistic for subjects .

An employee incurring additional travelling expenses is paid an allowance equal to the difference between the cost of travelling : =
an employee incurring [more] travelling expenses is paid an allowance equal to the difference between the cost of travelling : =

In additional , the Department has access to the Planning Exchange Library and Information Service .
in [more] , the department has access to the planning exchange library and information service .

Additional Venues :
[more] venues :

The use of some or all of these additional measures will depend on the exercise , time available and willingness to cover higher publicity costs .
the use of some or all of these [more] measures will depend on the exercise , time available and willingness to cover higher publicity costs .

Constructed the additional manhole at hte south end of the overflow chamber , connecting the existing manhole at the Saltworks development to the new system .
constructed the [more] manhole at hte south end of the overflow chamber , connecting the existing manhole at the saltworks development to the new system .

For an additional £145 visitors can opt to vacate their hotel rooms for a two-night safari .
for an [more] £145 visitors can opt to vacate their hotel rooms for a two-night safari .

But in South Africa today , and surely for a good many years to come , there are also additional considerations that demand from a large company actions and policies that go beyond its immediate business interests and seek to ameliorate the excessive social and economic imbalances that have developed in our society .
but in south africa today , and surely for a good many years to come , there are also [more] considerations that demand from a large company actions and policies that go beyond its immediate business interests and seek to ameliorate the excessive social and economic imbalances that have developed in our society .

By virtue of being the additional `` extending `` elements , the latter are subordinate .
by virtue of being the [more] `` extending `` elements , the latter are subordinate .

Additional evidence that this type of adjective is distinct from the predicate qualifier can , again , be provided by means of sentences which are ambiguous between the two .
[more] evidence that this type of adjective is distinct from the predicate qualifier can , again , be provided by means of sentences which are ambiguous between the two .

Indeed , the move seems generally acceptable for them , subject only to the natural constraint that it will be proscribed in certain cases where the adjective would consequently look as if it were attributive , with the result that an incorrect meaning would apparently be expressed ; for example : ( 19 ) this potion makes dogs bald ( 20 ) this potion makes bald dogs For the second reason , we turn to some additional aspects of questions .
indeed , the move seems generally acceptable for them , subject only to the natural constraint that it will be proscribed in certain cases where the adjective would consequently look as if it were attributive , with the result that an incorrect meaning would apparently be expressed ; for example : ( 19 ) this potion makes dogs bald ( 20 ) this potion makes bald dogs for the second reason , we turn to some [more] aspects of questions .

The country does not have enough engineers , technicians and technician engineers to meet present demands and we are well aware of the additional shortfall there will be in the 21st century created by the ‘ demographic shift ’ of the 1990s , unless more young people , especially girls , take up these careers .
the country does not have enough engineers , technicians and technician engineers to meet present demands and we are well aware of the [more] shortfall there will be in the 21st century created by the ‘ demographic shift ’ of the 1990s , unless more young people , especially girls , take up these careers .

’ This seems to be a rather narrow and limiting definition , and it could be refuted by pointing out that both subject knowledge and research methodology could equally well be tested by examination , without going to the additional effort of writing a thesis .
’ this seems to be a rather narrow and limiting definition , and it could be refuted by pointing out that both subject knowledge and research methodology could equally well be tested by examination , without going to the [more] effort of writing a thesis .

The average growth rate is 2.9 % per annum ( equivalent to about 3 additional theses per year ) .
the average growth rate is 2.9 % per annum ( equivalent to about 3 [more] theses per year ) .

Additional fields added to databases in Microsoft Works include :
[more] fields added to databases in microsoft works include :

Some require one bound copy for deposit in the university library , plus an additional copy which may be unbound , for the purpose of examination .
some require one bound copy for deposit in the university library , plus an [more] copy which may be unbound , for the purpose of examination .

There is normally no restriction on the maximum number of copies a candidate may produce , but he or she will normally make at least one personal copy , in additional to those supplied to the university in fulfilment of degree requirements .
there is normally no restriction on the maximum number of copies a candidate may produce , but he or she will normally make at least one personal copy , in [more] to those supplied to the university in fulfilment of degree requirements .

Authors may present additional copies of theses to external co-sponsoring bodies , or to bodies which have rendered substantial assistance with some aspect of the research .
authors may present [more] copies of theses to external co-sponsoring bodies , or to bodies which have rendered substantial assistance with some aspect of the research .

No consultation records will exist for any such additional copies .
no consultation records will exist for any such [more] copies .

The Chubin & Moitra model again uses dichotomous branching to derive six classes of citations : basic , subsidiary , additional , perfunctory , ( all affirmative ) ; partial and total ( both negational ) .
the chubin & moitra model again uses dichotomous branching to derive six classes of citations : basic , subsidiary , [more] , perfunctory , ( all affirmative ) ; partial and total ( both negational ) .

In response to the demands of the Grain Trade , further expansion was carried out to Imperial Grain Warehouse resulting in additional bulk silo storage of 15,000 tons .
in response to the demands of the grain trade , further expansion was carried out to imperial grain warehouse resulting in [more] bulk silo storage of 15,000 tons .

The storage space in Imperial Grain Warehouse was again extended providing an additional 20,000 tons of bulk silo capacity .
the storage space in imperial grain warehouse was again extended providing an [more] 20,000 tons of bulk silo capacity .

Reclamation of the foreshore to seaward of the Imperial Dock was extended to the Eastern Breakwater to complete a scheme which had been in progress for several years and which would provide additional space for industry .
reclamation of the foreshore to seaward of the imperial dock was extended to the eastern breakwater to complete a scheme which had been in progress for several years and which would provide [more] space for industry .

Additional packages of work estimated at £2 million are expected to be sub-contracted to Instem in the next few months .
[more] packages of work estimated at £2 million are expected to be sub-contracted to instem in the next few months .

There is one additional point we want to make about research which has to do with its collective and temporal character .
there is one [more] point we want to make about research which has to do with its collective and temporal character .

Ratio scales , to remind ourselves , contain all the properties of ordinal and interval scales with the additional one that they can be transformed one into another .
ratio scales , to remind ourselves , contain all the properties of ordinal and interval scales with the [more] one that they can be transformed one into another .

There are additional factors important in this case , however .
there are [more] factors important in this case , however .

There is an additional point worth noting here .
there is an [more] point worth noting here .

Also at the meeting Russia announced the allocation of additional military force to protect the border with Afghanistan , and suggested that Central Asian states should supplement border troops with national formations ] .
also at the meeting russia announced the allocation of [more] military force to protect the border with afghanistan , and suggested that central asian states should supplement border troops with national formations ] .

Legislation approved by the National Assembly on July 16 supplemented the existing Emergency Laws by giving the authorities additional powers to confront illegal Islamic fundamentalist organizations .
legislation approved by the national assembly on july 16 supplemented the existing emergency laws by giving the authorities [more] powers to confront illegal islamic fundamentalist organizations .

Relief and health workers warned that the large number of unburied corpses and animal carcasses posed significant health risks and increased the chances of thousands of additional deaths from water-borne diseases .
relief and health workers warned that the large number of unburied corpses and animal carcasses posed significant health risks and increased the chances of thousands of [more] deaths from water-borne diseases .

The election , the fourth since independence in 1979 , was held on May 8 , with an additional round of run-off contests on May 15 .
the election , the fourth since independence in 1979 , was held on may 8 , with an [more] round of run-off contests on may 15 .

At the beginning of 1991 Brady suggested that the operation would cost $ 80,000 million in the next year alone , and he pressed Congress to provide immediate additional funds .
at the beginning of 1991 brady suggested that the operation would cost $ 80,000 million in the next year alone , and he pressed congress to provide immediate [more] funds .

Parties to Antarctic Treaty : original signatories : Argentina , Australia , Belgium , Chile , France , Japan , New Zealand , Norway , South Africa , Soviet Union , United Kingdom , United States ; additional acceding states : 26 , including 10 consultative members .
parties to antarctic treaty : original signatories : argentina , australia , belgium , chile , france , japan , new zealand , norway , south africa , soviet union , united kingdom , united states ; [more] acceding states : 26 , including 10 consultative members .

On Dec. 21 the Assembly unanimously adopted Resolution 45/231 urging increased technical assistance `` to provide the Central American countries with adequate additional financial resources on favourable and concessional terms `` .
on dec. 21 the assembly unanimously adopted resolution 45/231 urging increased technical assistance `` to provide the central american countries with adequate [more] financial resources on favourable and concessional terms `` .

Ciskei was one of 10 `` homelands `` or bantustans created under the apartheid regime ; four of these , including Ciskei , had accepted a nominal independence from South Africa which no other country had recognized , but which constituted an additional obstacle to the transition to a post-apartheid South Africa .
ciskei was one of 10 `` homelands `` or bantustans created under the apartheid regime ; four of these , including ciskei , had accepted a nominal independence from south africa which no other country had recognized , but which constituted an [more] obstacle to the transition to a post-apartheid south africa .

Quebec and Ontario would each gain 18 new seats in the lower chamber , while British Columbia and Alberta would receive an additional four and two seats respectively .
quebec and ontario would each gain 18 new seats in the lower chamber , while british columbia and alberta would receive an [more] four and two seats respectively .

National Defence Minister Ioannis Varvitsiotis assumed the additional responsibilities of Justice Minister .
national defence minister ioannis varvitsiotis assumed the [more] responsibilities of justice minister .

There were 170,000 refugees in Croatia with an estimated additional 10,000 unregistered in the republic , and 35,000 in the Serbian area of Krajina , who , according to the Yugoslav Red Cross , had not been registered by the Croatian Red Cross .
there were 170,000 refugees in croatia with an estimated [more] 10,000 unregistered in the republic , and 35,000 in the serbian area of krajina , who , according to the yugoslav red cross , had not been registered by the croatian red cross .

Bush announced additional defence cuts designed to save $ 50,000 million between 1992 and 1997 .
bush announced [more] defence cuts designed to save $ 50,000 million between 1992 and 1997 .

Health was given as an additional portfolio to Education Minister José Goldemberg on an interim basis .
health was given as an [more] portfolio to education minister josé goldemberg on an interim basis .

On Jan. 19 an additional army battalion ( around 500 men ) was deployed in Northern Ireland .
on jan. 19 an [more] army battalion ( around 500 men ) was deployed in northern ireland .

Although regular army numbers had been increased from 10,500 to 11,000 in November [ see p. 38588 ] , these 500 additional troops had in fact returned to England before Christmas ; the Northern Ireland Secretary Peter Brooke conceded on Jan. 9 that `` you might take the view with hindsight that a different decision could have been taken `` .
although regular army numbers had been increased from 10,500 to 11,000 in november [ see p. 38588 ] , these 500 [more] troops had in fact returned to england before christmas ; the northern ireland secretary peter brooke conceded on jan. 9 that `` you might take the view with hindsight that a different decision could have been taken `` .

Following the approval of the 1991 budget [ see p. 38690 ] , two additional economic measures were approved in January .
following the approval of the 1991 budget [ see p. 38690 ] , two [more] economic measures were approved in january .

Yeltsin 's additional powers
yeltsin 's [more] powers

The three were also ordered to pay an additional $ 500 per day until they swore to abandon the protests .
the three were also ordered to pay an [more] $ 500 per day until they swore to abandon the protests .

Class 5 leader Gen. Suchinda Kraprayoon retained his post as Army C.-in-C. and was promoted to take on the additional post of Supreme Commander of the Armed Forces , in place of Gen. Sunthorn Kongsompong .
class 5 leader gen. suchinda kraprayoon retained his post as army c.-in-c. and was promoted to take on the [more] post of supreme commander of the armed forces , in place of gen. sunthorn kongsompong .

Tatsumi and Hashimoto also said that their banks ' excessive emphasis on profit had been an additional factor .
tatsumi and hashimoto also said that their banks ' excessive emphasis on profit had been an [more] factor .

The Iraqi media were already under strict government control before the war , and there was no indication that additional controls were imposed .
the iraqi media were already under strict government control before the war , and there was no indication that [more] controls were imposed .

Under the accord ( i ) an immediate ceasefire was declared ; ( ii ) the state of emergency in Gao and Timbuktu provinces was lifted and army troops were to be withdrawn from the area ; ( iii ) an amnesty was granted to all Tuareg political prisoners ; ( iv ) internal autonomy was to be granted to the Adrar region ( i.e. Gao and Timbuktu ) ; and ( v ) additional state funds were to be allocated to the development of the region .
under the accord ( i ) an immediate ceasefire was declared ; ( ii ) the state of emergency in gao and timbuktu provinces was lifted and army troops were to be withdrawn from the area ; ( iii ) an amnesty was granted to all tuareg political prisoners ; ( iv ) internal autonomy was to be granted to the adrar region ( i.e. gao and timbuktu ) ; and ( v ) [more] state funds were to be allocated to the development of the region .

However , on Jan. 7 Russian Federation President Boris Yeltsin declared that what he called the `` budget war `` was not over , and that although his republic had agreed effectively to increase its contribution to Rbs78,000 million by funding specific all-union programmes , the central government was still demanding an additional Rbs27,000 million .
however , on jan. 7 russian federation president boris yeltsin declared that what he called the `` budget war `` was not over , and that although his republic had agreed effectively to increase its contribution to rbs78,000 million by funding specific all-union programmes , the central government was still demanding an [more] rbs27,000 million .

0 4.90 0 — - 0 Civic Democratic Union — - 3.96 0 — 4.04 0 0 Others 12.26 0 13.19 0 0 13.06 0 12.43 0 0 Total 100 99 100 51 150 100 75 100 75 150 The number of MPs for each party comprises those elected directly , plus the additional MPs allocated according to a balancing proportional representation formula .
0 4.90 0 — - 0 civic democratic union — - 3.96 0 — 4.04 0 0 others 12.26 0 13.19 0 0 13.06 0 12.43 0 0 total 100 99 100 51 150 100 75 100 75 150 the number of mps for each party comprises those elected directly , plus the [more] mps allocated according to a balancing proportional representation formula .

Military personnel were constitutionally debarred from voting , but members of the armed forces belonging to Golkar were among the 500 additional appointees to make up the 1,000-member Majelis Permusyawaratan Rakyat ( People 's Consultative Assembly ) , which would elect the President and Vice-President in March 1993 .
military personnel were constitutionally debarred from voting , but members of the armed forces belonging to golkar were among the 500 [more] appointees to make up the 1,000-member majelis permusyawaratan rakyat ( people 's consultative assembly ) , which would elect the president and vice-president in march 1993 .

An additional 40,000 male prisoners had their sentences reduced .
an [more] 40,000 male prisoners had their sentences reduced .

On June 8 , restrictions were eased somewhat , to allow employees over 28 to leave the Gaza Strip if their workplaces employed 10 or more people from there ( and provided that the individuals qualified for an additional special permit ) .
on june 8 , restrictions were eased somewhat , to allow employees over 28 to leave the gaza strip if their workplaces employed 10 or more people from there ( and provided that the individuals qualified for an [more] special permit ) .

It took a day of debate additional to the agreed three-day sitting for the amended proposals to be passed , clause by clause .
it took a day of debate [more] to the agreed three-day sitting for the amended proposals to be passed , clause by clause .

Health Minister Yeo Cheow Tong was given the additional post of acting Minister of Community Development , replacing Seet Ai Mee , the only minister to lose his seat in the general election .
health minister yeo cheow tong was given the [more] post of acting minister of community development , replacing seet ai mee , the only minister to lose his seat in the general election .

Lee Yock Suan , the Labour Minister , was given the additional portfolio of Second Minister of Education .
lee yock suan , the labour minister , was given the [more] portfolio of second minister of education .

With unemployment up from 3 per cent at the beginning of 1991 to 9 per cent , expenditure on unemployment benefit would be markedly higher ; the additional FMk7,000 million needed for this and higher health benefits would be financed out of cuts in other areas of social spending .
with unemployment up from 3 per cent at the beginning of 1991 to 9 per cent , expenditure on unemployment benefit would be markedly higher ; the [more] fmk7,000 million needed for this and higher health benefits would be financed out of cuts in other areas of social spending .

It differed from the budget proposed by the President in that it included an additional $ 4,400 million for domestic spending on education , health and social service programmes at the expense of space and scientific programmes .
it differed from the budget proposed by the president in that it included an [more] $ 4,400 million for domestic spending on education , health and social service programmes at the expense of space and scientific programmes .

An attempt by liberal Democrat Bill Bradley to waive the rules of the previous year 's budget agreement in order to transfer 2 per cent of the defence budget to additional domestic spending was defeated by 73 votes to 22 .
an attempt by liberal democrat bill bradley to waive the rules of the previous year 's budget agreement in order to transfer 2 per cent of the defence budget to [more] domestic spending was defeated by 73 votes to 22 .

Additional measures included cuts of $ 11,900 million over five years in farm commodity programmes , and reductions of $ 3,700 million over five years in veterans ' benefits .
[more] measures included cuts of $ 11,900 million over five years in farm commodity programmes , and reductions of $ 3,700 million over five years in veterans ' benefits .

In a telling reflection of the public repudiation of the legacy of communist rule and of collapsing law and order , Gorbachev on Oct. 13 issued a decree ordering the security forces to take additional measures to protect monuments to Lenin and other symbols of Soviet power .
in a telling reflection of the public repudiation of the legacy of communist rule and of collapsing law and order , gorbachev on oct. 13 issued a decree ordering the security forces to take [more] measures to protect monuments to lenin and other symbols of soviet power .

The change , which was to become effective from Oct. 1 , also limited additional earnings from outside sources ( such as farming or teaching ) to 15 per cent of salary , but did not affect unearned income from sources such as investment portfolios .
the change , which was to become effective from oct. 1 , also limited [more] earnings from outside sources ( such as farming or teaching ) to 15 per cent of salary , but did not affect unearned income from sources such as investment portfolios .

Additional question : `` Do you want the Ukraine to be part of a Union of Soviet Sovereign States on the basis of its declaration of sovereignty ? ``
[more] question : `` do you want the ukraine to be part of a union of soviet sovereign states on the basis of its declaration of sovereignty ? ``

Additional question , West Ukraine ( Lvov , Ternopol and Ivano Frankovsk oblasti ) only : `` Do you want the Ukraine to be an independent state ? ``
[more] question , west ukraine ( lvov , ternopol and ivano frankovsk oblasti ) only : `` do you want the ukraine to be an independent state ? ``

Additional question : " Do you agree that Uzbekistan should remain part of a renewed union ( federation ) as an equal sovereign republic ? " Yes : more than 94% .
[more] question : " do you agree that uzbekistan should remain part of a renewed union ( federation ) as an equal sovereign republic ? " yes : more than 94% .

However , the overwhelming `` yes `` vote could only have been achieved with the additional support of the larger of the republic 's minority groups such as the Armenians ( 9 per cent of the population ) , Azerbaijanis ( 5 per cent ) and even the Russians ( 7.4 per cent ) .
however , the overwhelming `` yes `` vote could only have been achieved with the [more] support of the larger of the republic 's minority groups such as the armenians ( 9 per cent of the population ) , azerbaijanis ( 5 per cent ) and even the russians ( 7.4 per cent ) .

Its need for additional funding had become apparent as the national banking crisis worsened in January 1991 [ see p. 37953 ] .
its need for [more] funding had become apparent as the national banking crisis worsened in january 1991 [ see p. 37953 ] .

The two sides agreed at an additional , unofficial meeting on March 13 to hold a third round of talks in May in Beijing .
the two sides agreed at an [more] , unofficial meeting on march 13 to hold a third round of talks in may in beijing .

The House of Councillors ( upper house of the Diet ) had approved the additional amount on March 6 , the House of Representatives having agreed it on Feb. 28 .
the house of councillors ( upper house of the diet ) had approved the [more] amount on march 6 , the house of representatives having agreed it on feb. 28 .

In order to meet most of the cost of this new central government spending , the standard rate of value added tax would go up from 15 to 17.5 per cent effective April 1 ( the first increase since June 1979 ) so as to produce anticipated additional revenue of nearly £4,000 million in 1991-92 .
in order to meet most of the cost of this new central government spending , the standard rate of value added tax would go up from 15 to 17.5 per cent effective april 1 ( the first increase since june 1979 ) so as to produce anticipated [more] revenue of nearly £4,000 million in 1991-92 .

Popper was given an additional 20-year sentence , to run concurrently , for 11 other attempted murders .
popper was given an [more] 20-year sentence , to run concurrently , for 11 other attempted murders .

At one point during the debate the National Religious Party ( Mafdal ) , a member of the Likud-led coalition , threatened to vote against the budget unless it received additional `` special allocations `` .
at one point during the debate the national religious party ( mafdal ) , a member of the likud-led coalition , threatened to vote against the budget unless it received [more] `` special allocations `` .

It was then hoped , within two weeks of the opening conference , to reach a third stage , of multilateral negotiations with Egypt and the Gulf Co-operation Council as additional participants , in which `` regional issues `` including water resources , the environment and arms control would be discussed .
it was then hoped , within two weeks of the opening conference , to reach a third stage , of multilateral negotiations with egypt and the gulf co-operation council as [more] participants , in which `` regional issues `` including water resources , the environment and arms control would be discussed .

Eight Republicans , who had originally voted for the bill because of unemployment problems in their home states , joined all 57 Democrats to oppose the veto , but there were no additional crossovers in spite of the widespread recession .
eight republicans , who had originally voted for the bill because of unemployment problems in their home states , joined all 57 democrats to oppose the veto , but there were no [more] crossovers in spite of the widespread recession .

38396-37 ; 38355 ; 38545 ) ; ( iv ) called on the Paris Club to continue discussions on how best to implement promptly additional debt relief measures , on a case-by-case basis , which went well beyond the relief already granted under the `` Toronto terms `` [ see pp .
38396-37 ; 38355 ; 38545 ) ; ( iv ) called on the paris club to continue discussions on how best to implement promptly [more] debt relief measures , on a case-by-case basis , which went well beyond the relief already granted under the `` toronto terms `` [ see pp .

Congress on Feb. 4 approved a further extension of unemployment benefits which aimed to provide an additional 13 weeks of benefits to some 2,000,000 unemployed workers , many of whose benefits were about to expire .
congress on feb. 4 approved a further extension of unemployment benefits which aimed to provide an [more] 13 weeks of benefits to some 2,000,000 unemployed workers , many of whose benefits were about to expire .

Sending of additional troops
sending of [more] troops

The additional revenue would be used for job-creation measures in the former East Germany .
the [more] revenue would be used for job-creation measures in the former east germany .

To obtain this majority in the Bundesrat , the government made concessions to the Länder concerning additional subsidies for Land and local government funds .
to obtain this majority in the bundesrat , the government made concessions to the länder concerning [more] subsidies for land and local government funds .

**Altered or additional responsibilities .
**altered or [more] responsibilities .

Additional energy restrictions
[more] energy restrictions

Chinese Vice-Premier Tian Jiyun visited Japan from Dec. 2-11 , when he requested additional aid to help strengthen China 's agricultural sector .
chinese vice-premier tian jiyun visited japan from dec. 2-11 , when he requested [more] aid to help strengthen china 's agricultural sector .

Under the December agreement , the French government would repay $ 1,000 million to Iran , additional to the $ 630,000,000 it had already repaid .
under the december agreement , the french government would repay $ 1,000 million to iran , [more] to the $ 630,000,000 it had already repaid .

The aid formula of the House bill provided the unemployed with six , 13 or 20 additional weeks ' benefit depending on their state of residence .
the aid formula of the house bill provided the unemployed with six , 13 or 20 [more] weeks ' benefit depending on their state of residence .

The Governor of Goa , Khurshid Alam Khan , took on additional responsibility for Karnataka in January 1991 following the resignation of Bhanu Pratap Singh [ see p. 37964 ] .
the governor of goa , khurshid alam khan , took on [more] responsibility for karnataka in january 1991 following the resignation of bhanu pratap singh [ see p. 37964 ] .

In December petrol prices were raised by a further 32 per cent , whilst on Jan. 3 , 1991 , Aquino signed an executive order which imposed an additional 9 per cent duty on almost all imports , including oil .
in december petrol prices were raised by a further 32 per cent , whilst on jan. 3 , 1991 , aquino signed an executive order which imposed an [more] 9 per cent duty on almost all imports , including oil .

The levy , which would be effective until June 30 , 1992 , was designed to raise at least 20,000 million pesos in additional revenue .
the levy , which would be effective until june 30 , 1992 , was designed to raise at least 20,000 million pesos in [more] revenue .

On Aug. 11 the Supreme Soviet in emergency session had deprived him of the additional powers granted on April 30 [ see p. 38916 ] , and , in a resolution passed on Aug. 14 on extricating the country from crisis , censured him for " indecisive and at times incompetent policy " and demanded that he and the government take all measures to implement the July peace agreement [ for which see p. 39010 ] .
on aug. 11 the supreme soviet in emergency session had deprived him of the [more] powers granted on april 30 [ see p. 38916 ] , and , in a resolution passed on aug. 14 on extricating the country from crisis , censured him for " indecisive and at times incompetent policy " and demanded that he and the government take all measures to implement the july peace agreement [ for which see p. 39010 ] .

Expenditure was put at 3,319,333.8 million roubles with additional expenditure of 334,200 million roubles .
expenditure was put at 3,319,333.8 million roubles with [more] expenditure of 334,200 million roubles .

On Sept. 7 the government had announced expenditure of an additional 13,600 million roubles from the budget to subsidize the defence industry , for scientific and technical expenses in the development and purchasing of arms .
on sept. 7 the government had announced expenditure of an [more] 13,600 million roubles from the budget to subsidize the defence industry , for scientific and technical expenses in the development and purchasing of arms .

These prices excluded additional excise duties .
these prices excluded [more] excise duties .

The Information Minister , Michel Samaha , took on additional responsibility for Tourism ; Justice Minister Nasri al-Maalouf took on Foreign and Expatriate Affairs ; and Deputy Prime Minister and National Defence Minister Michel al-Murr took on Telecommunications and Posts .
the information minister , michel samaha , took on [more] responsibility for tourism ; justice minister nasri al-maalouf took on foreign and expatriate affairs ; and deputy prime minister and national defence minister michel al-murr took on telecommunications and posts .

Kuchma won additional powers from parliament until May 1 , 1993 , to push his reform programme through , and called for a joint commission to be set up to fight organized crime in the Ukraine .
kuchma won [more] powers from parliament until may 1 , 1993 , to push his reform programme through , and called for a joint commission to be set up to fight organized crime in the ukraine .

The same day it transpired that an additional factor had been the judge 's decision to dismiss " public interest immunity " certificates which had been signed by four senior ministers and which would have prevented the disclosure of certain information about the case .
the same day it transpired that an [more] factor had been the judge 's decision to dismiss " public interest immunity " certificates which had been signed by four senior ministers and which would have prevented the disclosure of certain information about the case .

The Prime Minister announced on Nov. 26 that some months earlier the Queen had asked him to consider the basis on which she might voluntarily pay tax on her personal income and also take responsibility for certain payments to additional members of the royal family ; the Prince of Wales had made a similar request with regard to the Duchy of Cornwall .
the prime minister announced on nov. 26 that some months earlier the queen had asked him to consider the basis on which she might voluntarily pay tax on her personal income and also take responsibility for certain payments to [more] members of the royal family ; the prince of wales had made a similar request with regard to the duchy of cornwall .

Additional international lending
[more] international lending

Hence , following his recent tour of the region [ see p. 37758 ] , Kaifu promised additional aid and loans to countries adversely affected by the crisis , and also proposed sending a token force of up to 2,000 non-combatants drawn from Japan 's Self-Defence Forces , police and fire brigade .
hence , following his recent tour of the region [ see p. 37758 ] , kaifu promised [more] aid and loans to countries adversely affected by the crisis , and also proposed sending a token force of up to 2,000 non-combatants drawn from japan 's self-defence forces , police and fire brigade .

Furthermore , with immediate effect the resolution gave the President additional powers permitting him to take unspecified `` emergency measures `` anywhere in the Soviet Union where `` life , health or property `` were threatened .
furthermore , with immediate effect the resolution gave the president [more] powers permitting him to take unspecified `` emergency measures `` anywhere in the soviet union where `` life , health or property `` were threatened .

** Altered or additional responsibilities .
** altered or [more] responsibilities .

The team headed by Michel Desgranges which had been due to leave Iraq on March 13 , postponed its departure after the discovery of hundreds of additional leaking chemical rockets .
the team headed by michel desgranges which had been due to leave iraq on march 13 , postponed its departure after the discovery of hundreds of [more] leaking chemical rockets .

We must : ( i ) demonstrate to our citizens the benefits of the Community and the Maastricht Treaty ; ( ii ) make the Community more open , to ensure a better informed public debate on its activities ; ( iii ) respect the history , culture and traditions of individual nations , with a clearer understanding of what member states should do and what needs to be done by the Community ; ( iv ) make clear that citizenship of the Union brings our citizens additional rights and protection without in any way taking the place of their national citizenship …
we must : ( i ) demonstrate to our citizens the benefits of the community and the maastricht treaty ; ( ii ) make the community more open , to ensure a better informed public debate on its activities ; ( iii ) respect the history , culture and traditions of individual nations , with a clearer understanding of what member states should do and what needs to be done by the community ; ( iv ) make clear that citizenship of the union brings our citizens [more] rights and protection without in any way taking the place of their national citizenship …

As well as the two planned referendums on the right to travel and the right to obtain information on abortion services overseas [ see pp. 38942 ; 39065 ] , the government decided that there would be an additional vote on the " substantive " issue of whether abortion should be legal .
as well as the two planned referendums on the right to travel and the right to obtain information on abortion services overseas [ see pp. 38942 ; 39065 ] , the government decided that there would be an [more] vote on the " substantive " issue of whether abortion should be legal .

The slump in stock prices put Japanese creditor banks under an additional pressure because it simultaneously eroded their own capital bases .
the slump in stock prices put japanese creditor banks under an [more] pressure because it simultaneously eroded their own capital bases .

An additional $ 100 million was targeted for `` magnet `` schools which specialized in specific subjects .
an [more] $ 100 million was targeted for `` magnet `` schools which specialized in specific subjects .

One person was killed by a missile , and 12 additional deaths resulted indirectly from missile attacks .
one person was killed by a missile , and 12 [more] deaths resulted indirectly from missile attacks .

The teacher might think of extra resources : a box of artefacts ( some of which may be replicas ) which the pupils can handle ; a bookcase with additional reference materials including dictionaries and atlases as well as appropriate texts of higher and lower levels or a selection of visual materials for study .
the teacher might think of extra resources : a box of artefacts ( some of which may be replicas ) which the pupils can handle ; a bookcase with [more] reference materials including dictionaries and atlases as well as appropriate texts of higher and lower levels or a selection of visual materials for study .

While all primary sources need to be assessed and handled with a degree of caution , with artist 's material there are additional considerations .
while all primary sources need to be assessed and handled with a degree of caution , with artist 's material there are [more] considerations .

If by it we mean a support system to strengthen and assist those who wish to engage in political lobbying , well and good , but if we are to take on a proper campaigning role as Oxfam has done , then this would require additional staff with the necessary experience and specialisation .
if by it we mean a support system to strengthen and assist those who wish to engage in political lobbying , well and good , but if we are to take on a proper campaigning role as oxfam has done , then this would require [more] staff with the necessary experience and specialisation .

The working class had little direct input into public health and housing reform , but with the growth of collective action , in particular through the trade unions , it made a more significant contribution to later regulation such as rent control … Opposition to the regulation considered here was to be expected from property owners … since it intruded on their interests not only directly , but also indirectly through the additional taxation necessary to finance its implementation .
the working class had little direct input into public health and housing reform , but with the growth of collective action , in particular through the trade unions , it made a more significant contribution to later regulation such as rent control … opposition to the regulation considered here was to be expected from property owners … since it intruded on their interests not only directly , but also indirectly through the [more] taxation necessary to finance its implementation .

And to ask whether it affects the landlord qua landlord or the tenant qua tenant is an exercise which begs the question … Whilst it is true that the deposit is paid to the original payee because it is security for the performance of contractual obligations assumed throughout the term by the payer and because the payee is the party to whom the contract is entered into , it is , in their Lordships ' view , more realistic to regard the obligation as one entered into with the landlord qua payee rather than qua landlord … The nature of the obligation is simply that of an obligation to repay money which has been received and it is neither necessary nor logical , simply because the conditions of repayment relate to the performance of covenants in a lease , that the transfer of the reversion should create in the transferee an additional and co-extensive obligation to pay money which he has never received and in which he never had any interest or that the assignment of the term should vest in the assignee the right to receive a sum which he has never paid …
and to ask whether it affects the landlord qua landlord or the tenant qua tenant is an exercise which begs the question … whilst it is true that the deposit is paid to the original payee because it is security for the performance of contractual obligations assumed throughout the term by the payer and because the payee is the party to whom the contract is entered into , it is , in their lordships ' view , more realistic to regard the obligation as one entered into with the landlord qua payee rather than qua landlord … the nature of the obligation is simply that of an obligation to repay money which has been received and it is neither necessary nor logical , simply because the conditions of repayment relate to the performance of covenants in a lease , that the transfer of the reversion should create in the transferee an [more] and co-extensive obligation to pay money which he has never received and in which he never had any interest or that the assignment of the term should vest in the assignee the right to receive a sum which he has never paid …

The persuasive and analytic skills you develop are applied during your course to literary works and issues ; but they have the additional value that they are potentially transferable to other problems and circumstances .
the persuasive and analytic skills you develop are applied during your course to literary works and issues ; but they have the [more] value that they are potentially transferable to other problems and circumstances .

Alongside the development of these skills , the subject matter of your essays offers an additional benefit .
alongside the development of these skills , the subject matter of your essays offers an [more] benefit .

Generally , when you wish to punctuate a piece of optional , additional information or an aside that you are embedding in the middle of a sentence — for example with commas , dashes or brackets — then whatever punctuation you use should be placed both before and after the added element to signal its boundaries , not just at one end or the other .
generally , when you wish to punctuate a piece of optional , [more] information or an aside that you are embedding in the middle of a sentence — for example with commas , dashes or brackets — then whatever punctuation you use should be placed both before and after the added element to signal its boundaries , not just at one end or the other .

Other services , such as baby listening and internal calls , can also be charged , to generate additional profit .
other services , such as baby listening and internal calls , can also be charged , to generate [more] profit .

Two additional features are available with some systems , irrespective of the type of pager used .
two [more] features are available with some systems , irrespective of the type of pager used .

This relatively new concept gives the user the additional benefit of convection cooking and , on some models , a grill .
this relatively new concept gives the user the [more] benefit of convection cooking and , on some models , a grill .

An additional benefit is that the machine is easy to clean , meaning a reduction in labour time .
an [more] benefit is that the machine is easy to clean , meaning a reduction in labour time .

Depending upon when Edmund 's Welsh alliance was made , it may have been an additional factor in persuading Eadric to change his allegiance , or a move to put pressure on him once he had deserted .
depending upon when edmund 's welsh alliance was made , it may have been an [more] factor in persuading eadric to change his allegiance , or a move to put pressure on him once he had deserted .

Candidates will be awarded a ‘ pass ’ or a ‘ merit ’ grading on the basis of a compulsory additional assessment .
candidates will be awarded a ‘ pass ’ or a ‘ merit ’ grading on the basis of a compulsory [more] assessment .

Designed for those offering general SVQs in technology , this initial seminar addressed the issues of access and progression , the additional assessment , and how to ensure effective course management .
designed for those offering general svqs in technology , this initial seminar addressed the issues of access and progression , the [more] assessment , and how to ensure effective course management .

An analysis of the survey results , including centres ' responses to the additional assessment , and to the integration of core skills into the awards , is given on page 2 .
an analysis of the survey results , including centres ' responses to the [more] assessment , and to the integration of core skills into the awards , is given on page 2 .

One of their main responsibilities will be to verify the additional assessment , and to approve additional assessments which have been designed by individual centres .
one of their main responsibilities will be to verify the [more] assessment , and to approve [more] assessments which have been designed by individual centres .

Although many commented that it was too early in the session to form definite views , nearly two-thirds of respondents said they thought the additional assessment was an appropriate assessment method .
although many commented that it was too early in the session to form definite views , nearly two-thirds of respondents said they thought the [more] assessment was an appropriate assessment method .

However , around half had some concerns about awarding merit on the basis of the additional assessment .
however , around half had some concerns about awarding merit on the basis of the [more] assessment .

The timetabling implications of the additional assessment , and of cross-module assessments generally were discussed .
the timetabling implications of the [more] assessment , and of cross-module assessments generally were discussed .

The seminar also examined ways of developing centre-designed additional assessments .
the seminar also examined ways of developing centre-designed [more] assessments .

the additional assessment
the [more] assessment

The groups discussed the need to timetable work required for the additional assessment , difficulties in applying merit criteria , and the need for considerable staff development in the area of integrated delivery and assessment .
the groups discussed the need to timetable work required for the [more] assessment , difficulties in applying merit criteria , and the need for considerable staff development in the area of integrated delivery and assessment .

In a wide-ranging discussion , the groups emphasised the importance of cross-departmental liaison in integrating delivery and assessment , and the time and resources required for the additional assessment .
in a wide-ranging discussion , the groups emphasised the importance of cross-departmental liaison in integrating delivery and assessment , and the time and resources required for the [more] assessment .

Areas of particular interest to the delegates at these seminars were the issues of cross-module assessment and the additional assessment .
areas of particular interest to the delegates at these seminars were the issues of cross-module assessment and the [more] assessment .

At the November seminar , delegates considered one centre-devised project specification for the additional assessment , providing advice and feedback to the centre concerned .
at the november seminar , delegates considered one centre-devised project specification for the [more] assessment , providing advice and feedback to the centre concerned .

Tackling the additional assessment at West Lothian
tackling the [more] assessment at west lothian

It has been vital to let these colleagues know what will be required of students in the additional assessment , so that they can plan their course work accordingly .
it has been vital to let these colleagues know what will be required of students in the [more] assessment , so that they can plan their course work accordingly .

Our students carry out their additional assessments at the end of the course , as part of their work placement in nurseries , centres for adolescents , homes for the elderly , day hospitals , and community projects .
our students carry out their [more] assessments at the end of the course , as part of their work placement in nurseries , centres for adolescents , homes for the elderly , day hospitals , and community projects .

The additional assessment is clearly a lot of work for students .
the [more] assessment is clearly a lot of work for students .

However , material on the additional assessment will this time be incorporated into the subject-specific material , rather than being produced as a separate document .
however , material on the [more] assessment will this time be incorporated into the subject-specific material , rather than being produced as a separate document .

Each handbook also includes a number of additional assessments .
each handbook also includes a number of [more] assessments .

The additional assessment is a sensible and welcome attempt to differentiate students ' performance by assessing higher-order skills .
the [more] assessment is a sensible and welcome attempt to differentiate students ' performance by assessing higher-order skills .

We will also plan the additional assessment earlier , introducing it to students in October .
we will also plan the [more] assessment earlier , introducing it to students in october .

Coming up to the additional assessment
coming up to the [more] assessment

The students are coming to the end of their additional assessments now : they 've been working on their projects since December .
the students are coming to the end of their [more] assessments now : they 've been working on their projects since december .

We decided to schedule an hour and a half each week for work on the additional assessment , and this seems to have been a successful approach .
we decided to schedule an hour and a half each week for work on the [more] assessment , and this seems to have been a successful approach .

We have found it particularly important to develop candidate materials to explain the additional assessment in language suitable for our trainees .
we have found it particularly important to develop candidate materials to explain the [more] assessment in language suitable for our trainees .

the additional assessment and integration
the [more] assessment and integration

Extra additional assessments
extra [more] assessments

schedule assessments , especially the additional assessment
schedule assessments , especially the [more] assessment

establish responsibility for the additional assessment
establish responsibility for the [more] assessment

The delegates exchanged views on their experiences of the first six months of the pilot and considered the problems of offering general SVQs in a remote area , school-college partnerships , and the additional assessment , and produced a checklist of advice for new piloting centres ( see opposite ) .
the delegates exchanged views on their experiences of the first six months of the pilot and considered the problems of offering general svqs in a remote area , school-college partnerships , and the [more] assessment , and produced a checklist of advice for new piloting centres ( see opposite ) .

Information sessions will cover the first year of the pilot and one college 's experience of offering the additional assessment .
information sessions will cover the first year of the pilot and one college 's experience of offering the [more] assessment .

experience of the additional assessment
experience of the [more] assessment

the additional assessment .
the [more] assessment .

There are other effects additional to the Vinerian concepts of `` trade creation `` and `` trade diversion `` which impinge upon the trade accounts .
there are other effects [more] to the vinerian concepts of `` trade creation `` and `` trade diversion `` which impinge upon the trade accounts .

However , in the real world there is an additional concept of efficiency , which takes cognisance of the fact that real firms are never as technically efficient as the theorists ' firm .
however , in the real world there is an [more] concept of efficiency , which takes cognisance of the fact that real firms are never as technically efficient as the theorists ' firm .

( ii ) as an additional option in the case of publicity conducted outside England and Wales ( including the notepaper of an office outside England and Wales ) , the word ‘ lawyer(s) ’ .
( ii ) as an [more] option in the case of publicity conducted outside england and wales ( including the notepaper of an office outside england and wales ) , the word ‘ lawyer(s) ’ .

( b ) Additional provisions applying to multi-national practices
( b ) [more] provisions applying to multi-national practices

( b ) Additional provisions applying to multi-national practices
( b ) [more] provisions applying to multi-national practices

( 2 ) Subject to paragraph ( 1 ) above , the Company may by ordinary resolutions in general meeting appoint any solicitor or registered foreign lawyer who is willing to act to be a Director , either to fill a vacancy or as an additional Director .
( 2 ) subject to paragraph ( 1 ) above , the company may by ordinary resolutions in general meeting appoint any solicitor or registered foreign lawyer who is willing to act to be a director , either to fill a vacancy or as an [more] director .

( 3 ) The Directors may appoint a solicitor or registered foreign lawyer who is willing to act to be a Director , either to fill a vacancy or as an additional Director , provided that the appointment does not cause the number of Directors to exceed any number determined in accordance with these Articles as the maximum number of Directors .
( 3 ) the directors may appoint a solicitor or registered foreign lawyer who is willing to act to be a director , either to fill a vacancy or as an [more] director , provided that the appointment does not cause the number of directors to exceed any number determined in accordance with these articles as the maximum number of directors .

( 2 ) Subject to paragraph ( 1 ) above , the Company may by ordinary resolutions in general meeting appoint any solicitor or registered foreign lawyer who is willing to act to be a Director , either to fill a vacancy or as an additional Director .
( 2 ) subject to paragraph ( 1 ) above , the company may by ordinary resolutions in general meeting appoint any solicitor or registered foreign lawyer who is willing to act to be a director , either to fill a vacancy or as an [more] director .

( 3 ) The Directors may appoint a solicitor or registered foreign lawyer who is willing to act to be a Director , either to fill a vacancy or as an additional Director , provided that the appointment does not cause the number of Directors to exceed any number determined in accordance with these Articles as the maximum number of Directors .
( 3 ) the directors may appoint a solicitor or registered foreign lawyer who is willing to act to be a director , either to fill a vacancy or as an [more] director , provided that the appointment does not cause the number of directors to exceed any number determined in accordance with these articles as the maximum number of directors .

The price which has been paid for the lower rate of tax on income has been the additional National Insurance charge and also the locking up of the profits in excess of the salary of £43,500 as retained profit in the company .
the price which has been paid for the lower rate of tax on income has been the [more] national insurance charge and also the locking up of the profits in excess of the salary of £43,500 as retained profit in the company .

The placing of additional edges onto an Agenda means that the search can proceed depth-first , breadth-first or according to some more complicated algorithm that might , for example , take into account the scores of different hypotheses .
the placing of [more] edges onto an agenda means that the search can proceed depth-first , breadth-first or according to some more complicated algorithm that might , for example , take into account the scores of different hypotheses .

The most obvious flaw seemed to be that ‘ objects ’ and ‘ desirable regions ’ were almost never visually primitive constructions and hence could not be recovered … without additional specialised knowledge .
the most obvious flaw seemed to be that ‘ objects ’ and ‘ desirable regions ’ were almost never visually primitive constructions and hence could not be recovered … without [more] specialised knowledge .

Thus , conversation , which is normally marked for secondary stress on and primary stress on is represented as in stressed , phonemic form.With this type of representation , in which each vowel phoneme ( except schwa ) can be marked for stress , an additional 19 units are introduced into the phoneme inventory .
thus , conversation , which is normally marked for secondary stress on and primary stress on is represented as in stressed , phonemic form.with this type of representation , in which each vowel phoneme ( except schwa ) can be marked for stress , an [more] 19 units are introduced into the phoneme inventory .

If many paths pick up additional cost at each expansion , then the cost of a path will increase with its length .
if many paths pick up [more] cost at each expansion , then the cost of a path will increase with its length .

The algorithm is not continuously diverted from depth-first into breadth-first search simply by virtue of picking up additional cost , as is the shortfall method .
the algorithm is not continuously diverted from depth-first into breadth-first search simply by virtue of picking up [more] cost , as is the shortfall method .

Additional damages are also provided for as they are for copyright infringement and the unregistered design right generally .
[more] damages are also provided for as they are for copyright infringement and the unregistered design right generally .

The computer people will want to know how the software will fit in with their portfolio of software , whether it will require additional computer equipment , how well it will be maintained , how portable it is and so on .
the computer people will want to know how the software will fit in with their portfolio of software , whether it will require [more] computer equipment , how well it will be maintained , how portable it is and so on .

Usually , the contract will mention the fee , but this provision might be useful if the supplier takes on additional work at the request of the other party and no mention is made at the time of agreement of the charge for this extra work .
usually , the contract will mention the fee , but this provision might be useful if the supplier takes on [more] work at the request of the other party and no mention is made at the time of agreement of the charge for this extra work .

You tell the supplier that you need the computer to carry out some additional data processing but neglect to inform him that you are negotiating a very lucrative top secret government contract on the basis of having the new computer .
you tell the supplier that you need the computer to carry out some [more] data processing but neglect to inform him that you are negotiating a very lucrative top secret government contract on the basis of having the new computer .

An additional irony at the very end of this fabliau resides in the claim that Boivin himself `` made `` this fabliau , and was paid ten sous by the provost for it .
an [more] irony at the very end of this fabliau resides in the claim that boivin himself `` made `` this fabliau , and was paid ten sous by the provost for it .

Before leaving for Bruges , he invites the monk , John : where `` `` pleye `` `` is clearly intended by the merchant in what the modern reader can identify as a particularly childish sense — `` to play , have fun `` — but which in Middle English , not unlike Modern English , also carries an additional sense of sexual play , and can also , appropriately , be used in the sense of playing tricks ( a semantic range similar to that of Old French dobler : cf .
before leaving for bruges , he invites the monk , john : where `` `` pleye `` `` is clearly intended by the merchant in what the modern reader can identify as a particularly childish sense — `` to play , have fun `` — but which in middle english , not unlike modern english , also carries an [more] sense of sexual play , and can also , appropriately , be used in the sense of playing tricks ( a semantic range similar to that of old french dobler : cf .

c ) The Executive Committee shall have the power to co-opt not more than three additional members without voting powers who need not be members of the Society , and who shall serve for one year and be eligible for immediate re-appointment .
c ) the executive committee shall have the power to co-opt not more than three [more] members without voting powers who need not be members of the society , and who shall serve for one year and be eligible for immediate re-appointment .

c ) The Executive Committee shall have the power to co-opt not more than three additional members who shall serve for one year and be eligible for immediate re-appointment .
c ) the executive committee shall have the power to co-opt not more than three [more] members who shall serve for one year and be eligible for immediate re-appointment .

The Executive Committee shall have the power to co-opt not more than three additional members without voting powers who need not be members of the Society , and who shall serve for one year and be eligible for immediate re-appointment .
the executive committee shall have the power to co-opt not more than three [more] members without voting powers who need not be members of the society , and who shall serve for one year and be eligible for immediate re-appointment .

In addition at the London course Music lessons are available at an additional £5 per year .
in addition at the london course music lessons are available at an [more] £5 per year .

Please indicate whether it is correct for the new season by inserting ‘ Correct 1981/82 ’ or amend as necessary and return immediately to the office sending any additional information as it is obtained .
please indicate whether it is correct for the new season by inserting ‘ correct 1981/82 ’ or amend as necessary and return immediately to the office sending any [more] information as it is obtained .

An additional factor in considering the question of definition is that by far the majority of non-traditional entrants are also mature entrants .
an [more] factor in considering the question of definition is that by far the majority of non-traditional entrants are also mature entrants .

‘ The fact that you remove saturated fat from your diet is profoundly important , ’ says Professor James , ‘ and you get an additional 10 per cent fall in cholesterol levels if you happen to eat more fruit and vegetables as a way of removing saturated fat from the diet .
‘ the fact that you remove saturated fat from your diet is profoundly important , ’ says professor james , ‘ and you get an [more] 10 per cent fall in cholesterol levels if you happen to eat more fruit and vegetables as a way of removing saturated fat from the diet .

But Schopenhauer could not have had his potent influence on the young scholar without an additional aesthetic quality which , in Nietzschean eyes , made him virtually a one-man cultural ideal .
but schopenhauer could not have had his potent influence on the young scholar without an [more] aesthetic quality which , in nietzschean eyes , made him virtually a one-man cultural ideal .

It was derived in the first place from Goethe and Goethe 's Hellenist contemporaries ; and it was modified only by the conviction that the ailments which artists and thinkers of that period had identified in the Germany of their day were now more virulent than ever , while an additional threat was posed by the new diseases of mediocrity and the cult of `` progress `` ( often associated with politicking and liberalism ) , from which the age of Goethe had been relatively free .
it was derived in the first place from goethe and goethe 's hellenist contemporaries ; and it was modified only by the conviction that the ailments which artists and thinkers of that period had identified in the germany of their day were now more virulent than ever , while an [more] threat was posed by the new diseases of mediocrity and the cult of `` progress `` ( often associated with politicking and liberalism ) , from which the age of goethe had been relatively free .

Around the world , more than ten million infants die each year , and an additional four and a half million from the same birth cohort will die as a toddler or young child before reaching the age of five years .
around the world , more than ten million infants die each year , and an [more] four and a half million from the same birth cohort will die as a toddler or young child before reaching the age of five years .

An additional , useful perspective on the relationship between maternal age and viability and survival chances of children can be had by observing the combined effects of maternal age and birth order on late fetal mortality , as noted below .
an [more] , useful perspective on the relationship between maternal age and viability and survival chances of children can be had by observing the combined effects of maternal age and birth order on late fetal mortality , as noted below .

Both methods have been found reliable , but the former entails the additional work of defining what constitutes an acceptable answer for each item .
both methods have been found reliable , but the former entails the [more] work of defining what constitutes an acceptable answer for each item .

Coursebook pictures are useful for setting and extending situations , for teaching additional vocabulary and idioms and for setting composition homework .
coursebook pictures are useful for setting and extending situations , for teaching [more] vocabulary and idioms and for setting composition homework .

1 Homework in language teaching should be : an additional practice on what has been done in class a test of what has been previously learnt an opportunity for written work 2 Before setting homework , consider : the free time the students have to do it in their level of attainment , their general level of ability , their purpose in learning the language .
1 homework in language teaching should be : an [more] practice on what has been done in class a test of what has been previously learnt an opportunity for written work 2 before setting homework , consider : the free time the students have to do it in their level of attainment , their general level of ability , their purpose in learning the language .

An obvious trophy , it afforded irrefutable proof that the victim was male , and obtaining it gave the additional satisfaction of dishonouring the corpse .
an obvious trophy , it afforded irrefutable proof that the victim was male , and obtaining it gave the [more] satisfaction of dishonouring the corpse .

Most of them found additional useful material , but found it difficult to understand `` their location in relation to the original search `` ( Figure 5.7 ) .
most of them found [more] useful material , but found it difficult to understand `` their location in relation to the original search `` ( figure 5.7 ) .

Repeating searches from Okapi logs , we found , not surprisingly , that it is often possible to obtain additional relevant records which would not otherwise have been found .
repeating searches from okapi logs , we found , not surprisingly , that it is often possible to obtain [more] relevant records which would not otherwise have been found .

This will give you additional practice of the sounds , but now in a context , e.g .
this will give you [more] practice of the sounds , but now in a context , e.g .

However , this means that the east coast of the Outer Islands is normally quite sheltered under the high land , and the many sea lochs and islands provide additional bolt holes should the wind change .
however , this means that the east coast of the outer islands is normally quite sheltered under the high land , and the many sea lochs and islands provide [more] bolt holes should the wind change .

An additional reason for this was that the oil rigs were established and `` on stream `` and things were very quiet in the area , any new developments occurring in the summer months .
an [more] reason for this was that the oil rigs were established and `` on stream `` and things were very quiet in the area , any new developments occurring in the summer months .

For additional information the original papers should be consulted .
for [more] information the original papers should be consulted .

Other parts of the hall complex will be developed over the next few months and should provide us with additional facilities .
other parts of the hall complex will be developed over the next few months and should provide us with [more] facilities .

His general condition deteriorated steadily , despite additional broad spectrum drugs and intensive nutritional support .
his general condition deteriorated steadily , despite [more] broad spectrum drugs and intensive nutritional support .

In these circumstances , however , additional mesenchyme support may be recruited from the tissue of the recipient animal .
in these circumstances , however , [more] mesenchyme support may be recruited from the tissue of the recipient animal .

An additional possibility is that cholesteryl esters alter lysosomal stability .
an [more] possibility is that cholesteryl esters alter lysosomal stability .

Biopsy evidence of the absence of metaplastic columnar epithelium was obtained in all cases , however , because the need to perform an additional endoscopy compliance was in the order of 60 % .
biopsy evidence of the absence of metaplastic columnar epithelium was obtained in all cases , however , because the need to perform an [more] endoscopy compliance was in the order of 60 % .

Finally , in a few patients treated with Asacol ( n=2 ) , Claversal 500 mg tablets ( n=2 ) , Salazopyrine ( n=2 ) , and Claversal 250 mg tablets ( n=1 ) additional biopsy specimens were taken from the ileum , sigmoid , and rectum .
finally , in a few patients treated with asacol ( n=2 ) , claversal 500 mg tablets ( n=2 ) , salazopyrine ( n=2 ) , and claversal 250 mg tablets ( n=1 ) [more] biopsy specimens were taken from the ileum , sigmoid , and rectum .

It has been shown that during intakes of up to 5 mmol/d most of the sulphate is absorbed in the small intestine and very little is found in ileal effluent although endogenous sources such as mucopolysaccharides provide an unknown additional amount of sulphate .
it has been shown that during intakes of up to 5 mmol/d most of the sulphate is absorbed in the small intestine and very little is found in ileal effluent although endogenous sources such as mucopolysaccharides provide an unknown [more] amount of sulphate .

Upper abdominal ultrasound was abnormal in 10 ; the most common abnormality was of dilatation of the common bile duct ( eight ) but pathological biliary thickening was noted in three of these and in an additional two without duct dilatation .
upper abdominal ultrasound was abnormal in 10 ; the most common abnormality was of dilatation of the common bile duct ( eight ) but pathological biliary thickening was noted in three of these and in an [more] two without duct dilatation .

One patient with an established diagnosis was referred for additional treatment after partial gastrectomy .
one patient with an established diagnosis was referred for [more] treatment after partial gastrectomy .

Another had been operated on ( partial gastrectomy ) before referral to our institution and received additional radiation therapy ( 30 Grays ) .
another had been operated on ( partial gastrectomy ) before referral to our institution and received [more] radiation therapy ( 30 grays ) .

The fee for this additional service has been currently fixed at £25 and will be payable by the tutor at the time of application .
the fee for this [more] service has been currently fixed at £25 and will be payable by the tutor at the time of application .

To clarify whether the effects of indomethacin were through cyclo-oxygenase , we obtained colonic pinch biopsy specimens from an additional group of six patients with ulcerative colitis for an indomethacin dose response assay .
to clarify whether the effects of indomethacin were through cyclo-oxygenase , we obtained colonic pinch biopsy specimens from an [more] group of six patients with ulcerative colitis for an indomethacin dose response assay .

High dietary calcium , as well as additional supplementation with phosphate , hardly affected the soluble concentrations of calcium and phosphate in the ileum , colon , and faeces .
high dietary calcium , as well as [more] supplementation with phosphate , hardly affected the soluble concentrations of calcium and phosphate in the ileum , colon , and faeces .

This was stimulated further by additional supplementation with phosphate , especially in the colon and faeces .
this was stimulated further by [more] supplementation with phosphate , especially in the colon and faeces .

Some studies , however , have shown no correlation between faecal fat excretion and faecal bile acid loss suggesting that additional factors are responsible for bile acid malabsorption in cystic fibrosis .
some studies , however , have shown no correlation between faecal fat excretion and faecal bile acid loss suggesting that [more] factors are responsible for bile acid malabsorption in cystic fibrosis .

Because alcohol is also a source of energy ( 1 g of ethanol provides 7.1 kcal ) , it is necessary to have an additional caloric control .
because alcohol is also a source of energy ( 1 g of ethanol provides 7.1 kcal ) , it is necessary to have an [more] caloric control .

Alcoholic beverages with low ethanol content stimulate gastric acid secretion by additional mechanisms .
alcoholic beverages with low ethanol content stimulate gastric acid secretion by [more] mechanisms .

Additional requirements were that the patients should be over 18 years of age , of fixed abode , and that they should have a prior history of good compliance with treatment .
[more] requirements were that the patients should be over 18 years of age , of fixed abode , and that they should have a prior history of good compliance with treatment .

If the ulcer had healed , the patient started a maintenance regimen of ranitidine ( 150 mg at night ) otherwise he or she was given an additional supply of ranitidine ( 300 mg at night ) .
if the ulcer had healed , the patient started a maintenance regimen of ranitidine ( 150 mg at night ) otherwise he or she was given an [more] supply of ranitidine ( 300 mg at night ) .

The combination of ranitidine with cisapride further diminished the acid reflux found with ranitidine — that is , cisapride led to an additional reduction of total reflux ( from 6.4 ( 1.2- 22.8 ) % to 3.7 ( 1.0–12.7 ) % , p < 0.01 ) , supine reflux ( p < 0.05 ) , and postprandial reflux ( p < 0.05 ) .
the combination of ranitidine with cisapride further diminished the acid reflux found with ranitidine — that is , cisapride led to an [more] reduction of total reflux ( from 6.4 ( 1.2- 22.8 ) % to 3.7 ( 1.0–12.7 ) % , p < 0.01 ) , supine reflux ( p < 0.05 ) , and postprandial reflux ( p < 0.05 ) .

Therefore additional effects of cisapride on gastrooesophageal motility such as an improvement of lower oesophageal sphincter function and an acceleration of gastric emptying might contribute to the reduction in acid reflux .
therefore [more] effects of cisapride on gastrooesophageal motility such as an improvement of lower oesophageal sphincter function and an acceleration of gastric emptying might contribute to the reduction in acid reflux .

Additional support for an acid induced mechanism comes from the finding that gastric metaplasia is quite extensive in patients with Zollinger-Ellison syndrome .
[more] support for an acid induced mechanism comes from the finding that gastric metaplasia is quite extensive in patients with zollinger-ellison syndrome .

Two additional groups of rats were studied .
two [more] groups of rats were studied .

The healthy control group received no additional treatment .
the healthy control group received no [more] treatment .

Additional measurements were also made of liver protein synthesis to determine whether the presence of gastrointestinal pathology affected protein synthesis in this tissue which was not directly affected by the disease .
[more] measurements were also made of liver protein synthesis to determine whether the presence of gastrointestinal pathology affected protein synthesis in this tissue which was not directly affected by the disease .

Additional ileal biopsy specimens from eight patients ( age 15–78 years ) and eight peripheral lymph nodes removed for diagnostic purposes were included .
[more] ileal biopsy specimens from eight patients ( age 15–78 years ) and eight peripheral lymph nodes removed for diagnostic purposes were included .

Additional specimens were fixed in buffered formalin ( 10 % , pH 7.4 ) at room temperature for 48 to 72 hours before routine paraffin embedding .
[more] specimens were fixed in buffered formalin ( 10 % , ph 7.4 ) at room temperature for 48 to 72 hours before routine paraffin embedding .

An additional 32 biopsies from adults investigated for diarrhoea but with a normal jejunal mucosa on histology were selected as controls .
an [more] 32 biopsies from adults investigated for diarrhoea but with a normal jejunal mucosa on histology were selected as controls .

As negative controls , additional sections were stained with appropriately diluted normal rabbit or sheep sera .
as negative controls , [more] sections were stained with appropriately diluted normal rabbit or sheep sera .

Fifteen additional patients showed nodular hyperplasia of endocrine cells that was not seen in 14 normal controls .
fifteen [more] patients showed nodular hyperplasia of endocrine cells that was not seen in 14 normal controls .

Fifty four of the original 70 patients attended the examination and two additional patients who had moved from the district had gastroscopy done elsewhere .
fifty four of the original 70 patients attended the examination and two [more] patients who had moved from the district had gastroscopy done elsewhere .

In 1986 two patients had slight dysplastic changes in random biopsy specimens of the corpus area and six additional patients showed dysplastic changes in antral biopsy specimens .
in 1986 two patients had slight dysplastic changes in random biopsy specimens of the corpus area and six [more] patients showed dysplastic changes in antral biopsy specimens .

One additional patient showed slight dysplasia in the antrum .
one [more] patient showed slight dysplasia in the antrum .

While it does not necessarily imply that defective pitting is associated with defective immunological activity , using the technique of differential interference contrast microscopy , this study has highlighted the existence of functional hyposplenism in alcoholic liver disease and suggests that defective splenic function may be an additional mechanism involved in the susceptibility of this group of patients to infection .
while it does not necessarily imply that defective pitting is associated with defective immunological activity , using the technique of differential interference contrast microscopy , this study has highlighted the existence of functional hyposplenism in alcoholic liver disease and suggests that defective splenic function may be an [more] mechanism involved in the susceptibility of this group of patients to infection .

These patients were undergoing cardiac , bone , or cerebral isotope scanning and dynamic liver scintigraphy could be incorporated without unnecessary additional exposure to radionuclides .
these patients were undergoing cardiac , bone , or cerebral isotope scanning and dynamic liver scintigraphy could be incorporated without unnecessary [more] exposure to radionuclides .

Of the 36 patients who were alive at the end of the study period and who were not considered for liver transplant , 26 had alcoholic liver disease ( 25 not abstinent , one abstinent , but with ischaemic heart disease ) and three had primary biliary cirrhosis ( in two of these advanced disease was manifest but one had additional psychiatric disease and one advanced cardiopulmonary disease ) .
of the 36 patients who were alive at the end of the study period and who were not considered for liver transplant , 26 had alcoholic liver disease ( 25 not abstinent , one abstinent , but with ischaemic heart disease ) and three had primary biliary cirrhosis ( in two of these advanced disease was manifest but one had [more] psychiatric disease and one advanced cardiopulmonary disease ) .

In an additional group of subjects ( n=4 ) , the endoscope was passed through the ileocaecal valve into the terminal ileum for perfusion of oleic acid ( 24 % ) .
in an [more] group of subjects ( n=4 ) , the endoscope was passed through the ileocaecal valve into the terminal ileum for perfusion of oleic acid ( 24 % ) .

Each patient was evaluated as to sex , age , past medical history , use of drugs , alcohol abuse , haemoglobin values at entry , blood replacement , additional endoscopic findings , bleeding type , localisation of the lesion , and the final outcome .
each patient was evaluated as to sex , age , past medical history , use of drugs , alcohol abuse , haemoglobin values at entry , blood replacement , [more] endoscopic findings , bleeding type , localisation of the lesion , and the final outcome .

Perhaps additional factors such as alcoholism , chronic gastritis , and chronic use of drugs are responsible in some cases .
perhaps [more] factors such as alcoholism , chronic gastritis , and chronic use of drugs are responsible in some cases .

Ten of the patients were cholecystectomised , five of whom had additional intestinal pathology .
ten of the patients were cholecystectomised , five of whom had [more] intestinal pathology .

Further portfolio development — through partnership , new product development , line extension and acquisition — will provide additional growth potential for United Distillers in the medium to long term .
further portfolio development — through partnership , new product development , line extension and acquisition — will provide [more] growth potential for united distillers in the medium to long term .

Extra staff have been engaged to deal with the additional work and the backlog has been significantly reduced .
extra staff have been engaged to deal with the [more] work and the backlog has been significantly reduced .

In these cases the committee has to be satisfied that there has been a bona fide change of intention , or that there are other exceptional circumstances , and if satisfied can permit the applicant to complete additional training as a preparation for entering pupillage .
in these cases the committee has to be satisfied that there has been a bona fide change of intention , or that there are other exceptional circumstances , and if satisfied can permit the applicant to complete [more] training as a preparation for entering pupillage .

Companies already listed on the Stock Exchange have two basic methods of raising additional equity capital :
companies already listed on the stock exchange have two basic methods of raising [more] equity capital :

The practice of ‘ back-door ’ rights issues enabled companies to evade the requirements of pre-emptive rights by getting shareholders to agree to a paper issue ( an expansion of the authorized capital which , if not being sold to raise additional capital , may be used in a share swap ) for the purpose of taking over an investment trust .
the practice of ‘ back-door ’ rights issues enabled companies to evade the requirements of pre-emptive rights by getting shareholders to agree to a paper issue ( an expansion of the authorized capital which , if not being sold to raise [more] capital , may be used in a share swap ) for the purpose of taking over an investment trust .

Raising additional capital and adjusting issued share capital
raising [more] capital and adjusting issued share capital

Rights issues are invariably underwritten in order to ensure that the issuing company receives the additional capital needed .
rights issues are invariably underwritten in order to ensure that the issuing company receives the [more] capital needed .

Therefore , should the shareholder be subject to a higher rate of tax he or she will have to make additional payments to the Inland Revenue .
therefore , should the shareholder be subject to a higher rate of tax he or she will have to make [more] payments to the inland revenue .

The price in 5 years time is expected to be 75p , the beta for the company 's equity is 1.2 and there are 400,000 shares extant with no expectation of any additional issues over this period .
the price in 5 years time is expected to be 75p , the beta for the company 's equity is 1.2 and there are 400,000 shares extant with no expectation of any [more] issues over this period .

The Bank noted that the increase in the member-to-member movements in November and December 1986 reflected additional transactions being made through the inter-dealer brokers .
the bank noted that the increase in the member-to-member movements in november and december 1986 reflected [more] transactions being made through the inter-dealer brokers .

Some heads of departments had used the summer vacation to write the bulk of their reports but sometimes advisers requested additional information in subsequent visits .
some heads of departments had used the summer vacation to write the bulk of their reports but sometimes advisers requested [more] information in subsequent visits .

The head responded with a plea for further improvements in staffing , improvements in the fabric of the school buildings , the need for additional resources , particularly money to strengthen some departments , and improvements in the school library .
the head responded with a plea for further improvements in staffing , improvements in the fabric of the school buildings , the need for [more] resources , particularly money to strengthen some departments , and improvements in the school library .

Like with the previous meeting , the accountability aspect of the appraisal seemed to be underplayed and the governors considered the appraisal from the perspective of trying to bring about improvements in the school , and to make a special case to the authority to facilitate improvement by making available additional resources .
like with the previous meeting , the accountability aspect of the appraisal seemed to be underplayed and the governors considered the appraisal from the perspective of trying to bring about improvements in the school , and to make a special case to the authority to facilitate improvement by making available [more] resources .

whose option choices precluded Art ) could still do it after school as an additional subject and that we do get some of them through ( verified note of meeting ) .
whose option choices precluded art ) could still do it after school as an [more] subject and that we do get some of them through ( verified note of meeting ) .

Deputy Head ( Staff ) : ‘ Scale 2 is for additional responsibility , not just for services rendered over time . ’
deputy head ( staff ) : ‘ scale 2 is for [more] responsibility , not just for services rendered over time . ’

To allow for this we provided several opportunities in the questionnaire for teachers to make additional individual observations .
to allow for this we provided several opportunities in the questionnaire for teachers to make [more] individual observations .

In many cases the additional information simply added weight to what has already been dealt with in the attitude scales .
in many cases the [more] information simply added weight to what has already been dealt with in the attitude scales .

Even with the inclusion of additional primary and secondary schools and of the middle schools , the total sample eventually consisted of only 716 teachers , instead of the intended 800 .
even with the inclusion of [more] primary and secondary schools and of the middle schools , the total sample eventually consisted of only 716 teachers , instead of the intended 800 .

They have a contractual relationship with the firm , and as long as the contract is honoured they have no additional claim .
they have a contractual relationship with the firm , and as long as the contract is honoured they have no [more] claim .

We have the following additional information :
we have the following [more] information :

As the margin account falls below a particular threshold ( the maintenance margin level ) , it has to be topped up with additional payments known as variation margin .
as the margin account falls below a particular threshold ( the maintenance margin level ) , it has to be topped up with [more] payments known as variation margin .

This follows because he gets an additional 122.00 as an invoice amount .
this follows because he gets an [more] 122.00 as an invoice amount .

This is rational behaviour only if speculators are risk-neutral and are willing to accommodate the demands of hedgers without additional compensation in the form of a risk premium in excess of the risk-free rate .
this is rational behaviour only if speculators are risk-neutral and are willing to accommodate the demands of hedgers without [more] compensation in the form of a risk premium in excess of the risk-free rate .

They give managers additional information on which to base their judgements , but they do not provide a company control system .
they give managers [more] information on which to base their judgements , but they do not provide a company control system .

This additional information can be used to reduce the level of uncertainty in the project , producing the posterior probability of the same outcome .
this [more] information can be used to reduce the level of uncertainty in the project , producing the posterior probability of the same outcome .

One would like the additional information to be conclusive so that the success or failure of the project could be predicted with certainty .
one would like the [more] information to be conclusive so that the success or failure of the project could be predicted with certainty .

The consultant or the additional research will express a view on project success or failure and the probability of this view being correct is assessed in each of the two cases .
the consultant or the [more] research will express a view on project success or failure and the probability of this view being correct is assessed in each of the two cases .

This means that , should the project have a successful outcome , there is a 0·9 chance that the additional research supported this outcome and 0·1 chance that it did not .
this means that , should the project have a successful outcome , there is a 0·9 chance that the [more] research supported this outcome and 0·1 chance that it did not .

Conversely , if the project fails there is a 0·2 chance that the additional research supported it and a 0·8 chance that it did not .
conversely , if the project fails there is a 0·2 chance that the [more] research supported it and a 0·8 chance that it did not .

These additional probabilities must sum to 1 .
these [more] probabilities must sum to 1 .

The assessments of these probabilities are made on the basis of what is known about the additional research , or the consultant , in relation to the unknowns in the project ( Moore and Thomas , 1979 ) .
the assessments of these probabilities are made on the basis of what is known about the [more] research , or the consultant , in relation to the unknowns in the project ( moore and thomas , 1979 ) .

The knowledge that the additional information was favourable has lifted the probability of project success from a prior probability of 0·6 to a posterior probability of 0·87 .
the knowledge that the [more] information was favourable has lifted the probability of project success from a prior probability of 0·6 to a posterior probability of 0·87 .

The project team think that they could carry out the further research in an additional year at an estimated cost of £20 000 , but that the chances of solving all the problems are only 30:70 as opposed to the 50:50 chance they gave the initial phase .
the project team think that they could carry out the further research in an [more] year at an estimated cost of £20 000 , but that the chances of solving all the problems are only 30:70 as opposed to the 50:50 chance they gave the initial phase .

If the additional research results in a new product launch at the end of three years the sales forecasts are for lower sales levels .
if the [more] research results in a new product launch at the end of three years the sales forecasts are for lower sales levels .

Additional information can lead to better odds and bigger returns but if the information costs more to obtain than the increase in returns the result is a net loss .
[more] information can lead to better odds and bigger returns but if the information costs more to obtain than the increase in returns the result is a net loss .

Perfect information is usually not practicable but the concept is useful in establishing how much can be paid for whatever additional information is available .
perfect information is usually not practicable but the concept is useful in establishing how much can be paid for whatever [more] information is available .

As already seen in this chapter , such perfection is not to be expected and the probability of the additional information being accurate must be taken into account .
as already seen in this chapter , such perfection is not to be expected and the probability of the [more] information being accurate must be taken into account .

For all these reasons the additional time and effort involved in achieving the improved results , compared with the first exercise , will be significant .
for all these reasons the [more] time and effort involved in achieving the improved results , compared with the first exercise , will be significant .

Well over three-quarters of the respondents said they would be purchasing a microcomputer or additional software within the next year .
well over three-quarters of the respondents said they would be purchasing a microcomputer or [more] software within the next year .

One of them , written by the InstaPlan Corporation of California , has the additional merit that it is sold in several packages starting from the basic planning system .
one of them , written by the instaplan corporation of california , has the [more] merit that it is sold in several packages starting from the basic planning system .

The additional control factors are ability and constraint .
the [more] control factors are ability and constraint .

It could also ‘ justify a bid for some limited additional resources ’ from central government .
it could also ‘ justify a bid for some limited [more] resources ’ from central government .

The most radical is to give one vote to each constituency party for its first 500 members , and an additional vote for every 250 extra members .
the most radical is to give one vote to each constituency party for its first 500 members , and an [more] vote for every 250 extra members .

Line workers get an additional £3.55 .
line workers get an [more] £3.55 .

London expects to provide 31 per cent of the additional dwellings needed in the South-east between 1991 and 2001 .
london expects to provide 31 per cent of the [more] dwellings needed in the south-east between 1991 and 2001 .

First , we must introduce two additional kinds of molecule .
first , we must introduce two [more] kinds of molecule .

But this is not evidence for an additional hereditary mechanism .
but this is not evidence for an [more] hereditary mechanism .

Two additional problems were shared by all denominations .
two [more] problems were shared by all denominations .

Pond , who ‘ cleared ’ $ 35,795.91 was , not surprisingly , enthusiastic and offered Watson an additional $ 24,000 if he would extend his tour by twelve weeks but the exhausted man refused .
pond , who ‘ cleared ’ $ 35,795.91 was , not surprisingly , enthusiastic and offered watson an [more] $ 24,000 if he would extend his tour by twelve weeks but the exhausted man refused .

Since there was never anything at all gratuitously coarse or vulgar about Karajan 's music-making , it is true that he never attempted to graft on to a score like Verdi 's Falstaff additional jokes or belly-laughs .
since there was never anything at all gratuitously coarse or vulgar about karajan 's music-making , it is true that he never attempted to graft on to a score like verdi 's falstaff [more] jokes or belly-laughs .

Its moment about the centre of the rectangle increases and it needs balancing by one , but preferably two , additional drawings .
its moment about the centre of the rectangle increases and it needs balancing by one , but preferably two , [more] drawings .

These tend to be greater at the junctions which are strengthened by additional flowlines of fibres .
these tend to be greater at the junctions which are strengthened by [more] flowlines of fibres .

If a horse is left unfed one day , it will feel the physical stress of lack of food and be hungry and lose condition , and it will also suffer anxiety caused by the hunger which will cause it to lose additional weight .
if a horse is left unfed one day , it will feel the physical stress of lack of food and be hungry and lose condition , and it will also suffer anxiety caused by the hunger which will cause it to lose [more] weight .

It may have unlimited funds or it may have very tight ones ; most fall somewhere in between so you have to think creatively about raising the additional finance to do the job properly .
it may have unlimited funds or it may have very tight ones ; most fall somewhere in between so you have to think creatively about raising the [more] finance to do the job properly .

When your potential catchment is broader based you have to find additional ways of drawing them in .
when your potential catchment is broader based you have to find [more] ways of drawing them in .

It does not have the flexibility of the paper roll and President Reagan , amongst others , always preferred the safety of the mechanical ‘ roll ’ with its additional emphasis markings .
it does not have the flexibility of the paper roll and president reagan , amongst others , always preferred the safety of the mechanical ‘ roll ’ with its [more] emphasis markings .

If , on top of this , you can find an additional sport or exercise you enjoy , so much the better .
if , on top of this , you can find an [more] sport or exercise you enjoy , so much the better .

An additional problem with plant sources of calcium is that calcium is not well absorbed when it is present without a rich protein source .
an [more] problem with plant sources of calcium is that calcium is not well absorbed when it is present without a rich protein source .

There will also be additional health problems associated with lack of exercise .
there will also be [more] health problems associated with lack of exercise .

It is possible to programme additional consequences into your weight control regime to strengthen your motivation and to increase the probability that what you want to happen actually does take place .
it is possible to programme [more] consequences into your weight control regime to strengthen your motivation and to increase the probability that what you want to happen actually does take place .

It is necessary , therefore , to arrange additional , pleasing consequences along the way .
it is necessary , therefore , to arrange [more] , pleasing consequences along the way .

You need to consider what consequences , what additional motivating events or rewards you can use to keep you going .
you need to consider what consequences , what [more] motivating events or rewards you can use to keep you going .

If none of this additional information interests you , an excellent alternative is to read the labels on the foods you already buy to find their content and nutrition value .
if none of this [more] information interests you , an excellent alternative is to read the labels on the foods you already buy to find their content and nutrition value .

Occasionally there will be additional problems .
occasionally there will be [more] problems .

My memory of Mr Meese 's participation was when , after all of that thing had broken , that he was the one who located a piece of paper in some office that indicated that there was additional money .
my memory of mr meese 's participation was when , after all of that thing had broken , that he was the one who located a piece of paper in some office that indicated that there was [more] money .

Since McFarlane was an honourable man , North was not unduly worried when he asked him to alter official documents ; and when McFarlane sat down at North 's computer on November 18th to type in ‘ additional input that was radically different from the truth ’ , North still considered he must have had ‘ a darn good reason for not putting the straight story out ’ .
since mcfarlane was an honourable man , north was not unduly worried when he asked him to alter official documents ; and when mcfarlane sat down at north 's computer on november 18th to type in ‘ [more] input that was radically different from the truth ’ , north still considered he must have had ‘ a darn good reason for not putting the straight story out ’ .

Slapping a nubile girl on the edge of marriageability offended against additional etiquettes and susceptibilities , connoted sexual assault , even sexual rights .
slapping a nubile girl on the edge of marriageability offended against [more] etiquettes and susceptibilities , connoted sexual assault , even sexual rights .

The additional possibility that , having acquired Libyan nationality , they could take partnership with their employers , would have frustrated the intention of at least one employer who had taken on foreign labour to protect his enterprise from socialism .
the [more] possibility that , having acquired libyan nationality , they could take partnership with their employers , would have frustrated the intention of at least one employer who had taken on foreign labour to protect his enterprise from socialism .

But they did not maintain an image ; or at least , not until an outsider pressed them , assembled one from what he thought were the parts , tried it out on them and modified it to accommodate their comments and additional information .
but they did not maintain an image ; or at least , not until an outsider pressed them , assembled one from what he thought were the parts , tried it out on them and modified it to accommodate their comments and [more] information .

‘ You 've got all that additional tension which readers are bound to recognize , ’ he went burbling on .
‘ you 've got all that [more] tension which readers are bound to recognize , ’ he went burbling on .

‘ You 've got all that additional tension which readers are bound to recognize , ’ he said this morning , this very morning . ‘ The way you weave in your own background , your own illness , and that trouble or guilt Robert was trying to tell me about … ’
‘ you 've got all that [more] tension which readers are bound to recognize , ’ he said this morning , this very morning . ‘ the way you weave in your own background , your own illness , and that trouble or guilt robert was trying to tell me about … ’

The Nymphaeum , a glass-paste mosaic bordered with shells , and the even more spectacular Room ( oecus ) with Garden Paintings — three sizeable walls covered with an elaborate fresco of birds and plants , with additional figurative panels and decorative heads .
the nymphaeum , a glass-paste mosaic bordered with shells , and the even more spectacular room ( oecus ) with garden paintings — three sizeable walls covered with an elaborate fresco of birds and plants , with [more] figurative panels and decorative heads .

Clearly , there are also people ready to take these jobs at the going rate , and not too discontented as long as they are not the breadwinner in their family , and are thus able to regard their wage as additional to the basic family income . Who would gain if these jobs disappeared ?
clearly , there are also people ready to take these jobs at the going rate , and not too discontented as long as they are not the breadwinner in their family , and are thus able to regard their wage as [more] to the basic family income . who would gain if these jobs disappeared ?

Every baptised German who has not done this and who pays income tax must also pay the additional church tax .
every baptised german who has not done this and who pays income tax must also pay the [more] church tax .

It gained an additional eight seats in the North West , but the swing there was only 2.0 per cent .
it gained an [more] eight seats in the north west , but the swing there was only 2.0 per cent .

Mr Stephen Locke , the association 's head of policy , said the proposals would allow car makers to impose an additional ‘ monopoly premium ’ for every part they sold .
mr stephen locke , the association 's head of policy , said the proposals would allow car makers to impose an [more] ‘ monopoly premium ’ for every part they sold .

Shaw incorporated descriptive passages and additional dialogue from the movie , while admitting that they would be technically possible only ‘ on stages furnished with exceptionally elaborate machinery ’ .
shaw incorporated descriptive passages and [more] dialogue from the movie , while admitting that they would be technically possible only ‘ on stages furnished with exceptionally elaborate machinery ’ .

Furthermore all heavy trucks and a growing number of vans are diesel-powered , so such a move would have the additional benefit of giving the road transport industry a boost at a time of recession .
furthermore all heavy trucks and a growing number of vans are diesel-powered , so such a move would have the [more] benefit of giving the road transport industry a boost at a time of recession .

The deficit follows a slump in turnover from £74.8m to £31m , and is after a £4.62m exceptional charge , mainly additional provision on a City Road , London , office development , although this was partly offset by a £3.7m fall in the net interest bill to £15.4m .
the deficit follows a slump in turnover from £74.8m to £31m , and is after a £4.62m exceptional charge , mainly [more] provision on a city road , london , office development , although this was partly offset by a £3.7m fall in the net interest bill to £15.4m .

An additional complication to Rugby 's future has been legal writs for damages by Mal Malik , a former Coventry and Rugby flank-forward .
an [more] complication to rugby 's future has been legal writs for damages by mal malik , a former coventry and rugby flank-forward .

There is additional evidence in the survey of last-minute switching . Gallup 's interviewers asked in 1983 and 1987 , and again on Friday and Saturday : How long ago did you decide which way you would finally vote ?
there is [more] evidence in the survey of last-minute switching . gallup 's interviewers asked in 1983 and 1987 , and again on friday and saturday : how long ago did you decide which way you would finally vote ?

Early in the nineteenth century additional judges , called Vice-Chancellors , were appointed — first one , later three ; and a Court of Appeal in Chancery , intermediate between the Vice-Chancellors and the House of Lords , was established in 1851 .
early in the nineteenth century [more] judges , called vice-chancellors , were appointed — first one , later three ; and a court of appeal in chancery , intermediate between the vice-chancellors and the house of lords , was established in 1851 .

Now harbour porpoises face the additional threat of coastal gill-nets .
now harbour porpoises face the [more] threat of coastal gill-nets .

Additional pupils bring extra costs as well as extra cash .
[more] pupils bring extra costs as well as extra cash .

Some salami are wrapped in garlic or herbs which give additional flavour .
some salami are wrapped in garlic or herbs which give [more] flavour .

As land becomes scarce , farmers rely more on additional fertilizer to expand output , in effect substituting energy in the form of fertilizer for land in the production process .
as land becomes scarce , farmers rely more on [more] fertilizer to expand output , in effect substituting energy in the form of fertilizer for land in the production process .

‘ The very substantial funds which we are making available for Eastern Europe … are separate from and additional to our regular aid programme .
‘ the very substantial funds which we are making available for eastern europe … are separate from and [more] to our regular aid programme .

The final communiqué recorded the ministers ' view that aid totals would have to include ‘ any additional burden on developing countries arising from action to protect the environment ’ .
the final communiqué recorded the ministers ' view that aid totals would have to include ‘ any [more] burden on developing countries arising from action to protect the environment ’ .

The additional Celtic ( and gypsy-like ) lore he draws upon to fill out a flimsy plot is firmly placed within the suburban London life between Clapham Junction and Richmond Park .
the [more] celtic ( and gypsy-like ) lore he draws upon to fill out a flimsy plot is firmly placed within the suburban london life between clapham junction and richmond park .

And few of the people who hit the glass ceiling are inclined to go through the additional pain of a complaint to the government or a court case .
and few of the people who hit the glass ceiling are inclined to go through the [more] pain of a complaint to the government or a court case .

But there was an additional argument .
but there was an [more] argument .

Yet for all that , there is an additional conclusion .
yet for all that , there is an [more] conclusion .

When Mr Walesa was in Washington last week , George Bush took the opportunity to forgive an additional $ 800m of Poland 's debt to America ( it has now forgiven 70 % of it ) .
when mr walesa was in washington last week , george bush took the opportunity to forgive an [more] $ 800m of poland 's debt to america ( it has now forgiven 70 % of it ) .

Each ticket-holder at any Italian opera costs the state an additional £100 ; £250 in the case of smaller opera houses , such as La Fenice in Venice .
each ticket-holder at any italian opera costs the state an [more] £100 ; £250 in the case of smaller opera houses , such as la fenice in venice .

’ All of them ( bar Sumitomo Bank ) still need to raise additional capital .
’ all of them ( bar sumitomo bank ) still need to raise [more] capital .

In Europe , too , subsidising public transport mainly leads to new journeys rather than a switch from private cars ( though additional travel may , in turn , generate economic benefits ) .
in europe , too , subsidising public transport mainly leads to new journeys rather than a switch from private cars ( though [more] travel may , in turn , generate economic benefits ) .

Hedgerows take on an additional dimension on foggy days ; when the distant landscape is blotted out immediate surroundings assume a new prominence .
hedgerows take on an [more] dimension on foggy days ; when the distant landscape is blotted out immediate surroundings assume a new prominence .

If your income is above £54.80 a week , 70 per cent of the additional amount is cut from the set payments .
if your income is above £54.80 a week , 70 per cent of the [more] amount is cut from the set payments .

Some are financial : the risk of deterring sponsors and the benefit of additional subscriptions .
some are financial : the risk of deterring sponsors and the benefit of [more] subscriptions .

This game — with the series level at 1-1 — was in no need of additional stimulus , but even the cynics will have to concede that the reward of two World Cup points has heightened the flavour .
this game — with the series level at 1-1 — was in no need of [more] stimulus , but even the cynics will have to concede that the reward of two world cup points has heightened the flavour .

Although they were not explored during the post-summit press conference , many additional items were discussed by Mr Bush and Mr Gorbachev , including the traditionally vexed question of Star Wars , the Strategic Defence Initiative .
although they were not explored during the post-summit press conference , many [more] items were discussed by mr bush and mr gorbachev , including the traditionally vexed question of star wars , the strategic defence initiative .

When payment for games totalling more than £7,000 was not received he wrote back to the bank and received two additional references on December 18 , 1990 and January 15 , 1991 confirming that the company was good for up to £10,000 .
when payment for games totalling more than £7,000 was not received he wrote back to the bank and received two [more] references on december 18 , 1990 and january 15 , 1991 confirming that the company was good for up to £10,000 .

The party has already accepted the committee 's recommendation that a devolved Scottish Parliament should be elected by the additional member system of proportional representation .
the party has already accepted the committee 's recommendation that a devolved scottish parliament should be elected by the [more] member system of proportional representation .

On Thursday Mr Yeltsin relieved Mr Yegor Gaidar , Deputy Prime Minister and the chief architect of the reforms , of his additional post as Finance Minister .
on thursday mr yeltsin relieved mr yegor gaidar , deputy prime minister and the chief architect of the reforms , of his [more] post as finance minister .

Implicit in this analysis is the view that Labour would have little scope for raising additional revenue by further increases in income tax directed at the better-off .
implicit in this analysis is the view that labour would have little scope for raising [more] revenue by further increases in income tax directed at the better-off .

Crosby Hall will give him an additional 30,000 sq ft of living space .
crosby hall will give him an [more] 30,000 sq ft of living space .

The electronics industry will have received a total of 5.7 billion ecus from Brussels between 1990 and 1994 , with additional money from national coffers .
the electronics industry will have received a total of 5.7 billion ecus from brussels between 1990 and 1994 , with [more] money from national coffers .

necessary additional hotel and travel expenses to return to the home address within the British Isles ( up to £500 if the total cost of curtailment exceeds the Final Invoice costs ) arising from curtailment of the holiday due to any cause arising from curtailment of the holiday due to any cause beyond the control of the Insured Person except :
necessary [more] hotel and travel expenses to return to the home address within the british isles ( up to £500 if the total cost of curtailment exceeds the final invoice costs ) arising from curtailment of the holiday due to any cause arising from curtailment of the holiday due to any cause beyond the control of the insured person except :

An additional amount of £10 per day up to a maximum of £200 is payable for each day an Insured Person is in hospital as an in-patient during the period of the holiday .
an [more] amount of £10 per day up to a maximum of £200 is payable for each day an insured person is in hospital as an in-patient during the period of the holiday .

Additional brochures can be obtained from the competition address .
[more] brochures can be obtained from the competition address .

With a capacity for 1000 passengers and 306 cars , the Harland & Wolff built vessel provides an additional freight capacity of 25 vehicles per day .
with a capacity for 1000 passengers and 306 cars , the harland & wolff built vessel provides an [more] freight capacity of 25 vehicles per day .

We 've included unlimited mileage , local taxes , and in Italy , Collision Damage Waiver : for a small additional charge payable locally when you collect your car , you may also take out Personal Accident Insurance .
we 've included unlimited mileage , local taxes , and in italy , collision damage waiver : for a small [more] charge payable locally when you collect your car , you may also take out personal accident insurance .

Additional excursions are to the spectacular Krimml waterfalls and Chiemsee Castle .
[more] excursions are to the spectacular krimml waterfalls and chiemsee castle .

Up to £500 for additional travel and hotel expenses for one person to collect your vehicle if the repairs are not completed in time for your return home .
up to £500 for [more] travel and hotel expenses for one person to collect your vehicle if the repairs are not completed in time for your return home .

Outcomes have failed disastrously to match the input of additional resources to law and order .
outcomes have failed disastrously to match the input of [more] resources to law and order .

In the longer term we aim to reimburse individuals in full for the additional costs of their disability .
in the longer term we aim to reimburse individuals in full for the [more] costs of their disability .

We recommend our insurance as providing adequate cover for normal requirements , but it is your responsibility to arrange additional cover exceeding the maximum amounts payable under our policy , or providing cover for addition areas of liability if require .
we recommend our insurance as providing adequate cover for normal requirements , but it is your responsibility to arrange [more] cover exceeding the maximum amounts payable under our policy , or providing cover for addition areas of liability if require .

With this approach there is a need to justify all expenditure and not just that expenditure at the margin or additional expenditure .
with this approach there is a need to justify all expenditure and not just that expenditure at the margin or [more] expenditure .

Attention is given to minor adjustments in the spending pattern or the justification of additional spending .
attention is given to minor adjustments in the spending pattern or the justification of [more] spending .

Aspect is often important in exposed areas in relation to prevailing winds : in North Harris the rare Atlantic liverwort Herbertus aduncus is frequent , but in some areas is more profuse on north-facing slopes , usually around boulders where there is additional shelter .
aspect is often important in exposed areas in relation to prevailing winds : in north harris the rare atlantic liverwort herbertus aduncus is frequent , but in some areas is more profuse on north-facing slopes , usually around boulders where there is [more] shelter .

Plantago coronopus sub-community . The additional constants are Agrostis stolonifera , Plantago coronopus and P.maritima
plantago coronopus sub-community . the [more] constants are agrostis stolonifera , plantago coronopus and p.maritima

The additional constants are Lotus corniculatus , Plantago maritima and Trifolium repens .
the [more] constants are lotus corniculatus , plantago maritima and trifolium repens .

Armeria maritima is now no longer constant , though frequent , and the additional constants are Anthoxanthum odoratum , Agrostis capillaris , Rumex acetosa , Poa subcaerulea and Potentilla erecta .
armeria maritima is now no longer constant , though frequent , and the [more] constants are anthoxanthum odoratum , agrostis capillaris , rumex acetosa , poa subcaerulea and potentilla erecta .

Between the years 1886 and 1911 , he published a series of additional records to the 2nd edition of ‘ Topographical Botany ’ ( 1886 et seq .
between the years 1886 and 1911 , he published a series of [more] records to the 2nd edition of ‘ topographical botany ’ ( 1886 et seq .

Over the next 22 months , additional resources of at least £600 million will be available for investment in education .
over the next 22 months , [more] resources of at least £600 million will be available for investment in education .

Over the next 22 months , additional resources of at least £1 billion will be available for investment in the National Health Service .
over the next 22 months , [more] resources of at least £1 billion will be available for investment in the national health service .

We will help Britain 's high-technology industries with a 25 % tax credit for additional investment in research and development .
we will help britain 's high-technology industries with a 25 % tax credit for [more] investment in research and development .

Within our overall budget , we will tackle the shortage of intensive care beds with a special programme providing an additional £25 million to expand this life-saving service .
within our overall budget , we will tackle the shortage of intensive care beds with a special programme providing an [more] £25 million to expand this life-saving service .

Over the next 22 months , additional resources of at least £600 million will be made available for investment in education .
over the next 22 months , [more] resources of at least £600 million will be made available for investment in education .

The Parliament will be elected on an Additional Member System .
the parliament will be elected on an [more] member system .

As part of our sweeping programme of law reform , we will establish an additional appeals tribunal , including lay members as well as lawyers , to examine the most contentious convictions .
as part of our sweeping programme of law reform , we will establish an [more] appeals tribunal , including lay members as well as lawyers , to examine the most contentious convictions .

Without compensation , a large surge of additional power would be required to complete the travel of the tanks .
without compensation , a large surge of [more] power would be required to complete the travel of the tanks .

Horizontality is , in fact , preserved by bringing into use an additional pair of wheels under the leading edge of the tank , fitted on the same axle as the main track wheels , one at each end of the axle , and thus outside the main pair , in such a way that they engage with a second , outside , pair of rails laid over the curve ( figure 7 ) .
horizontality is , in fact , preserved by bringing into use an [more] pair of wheels under the leading edge of the tank , fitted on the same axle as the main track wheels , one at each end of the axle , and thus outside the main pair , in such a way that they engage with a second , outside , pair of rails laid over the curve ( figure 7 ) .

Even without the additional support of a skeleton , such building blocks can be moulded into an infinite variety of tough and versatile forms .
even without the [more] support of a skeleton , such building blocks can be moulded into an infinite variety of tough and versatile forms .

Herbaceous plants may be almost devoid of additional thickening .
herbaceous plants may be almost devoid of [more] thickening .

Some favoured ecosystems receive energy additional to that of sunlight , both in the form of organic molecules ( or other nutrients ) brought from elsewhere , and sometimes in other forms , too .
some favoured ecosystems receive energy [more] to that of sunlight , both in the form of organic molecules ( or other nutrients ) brought from elsewhere , and sometimes in other forms , too .

Mrs. Twitchett , who provided the refreshments must have been unhappy , for within one month the Club changed its policy of taking all the profit to letting her have it ‘ if any ’ and agreeing to supply her with additional help at weekends and other special occasions .
mrs. twitchett , who provided the refreshments must have been unhappy , for within one month the club changed its policy of taking all the profit to letting her have it ‘ if any ’ and agreeing to supply her with [more] help at weekends and other special occasions .

This was an additional trimming to the single horse-mowing machines ( 3ft .
this was an [more] trimming to the single horse-mowing machines ( 3ft .

And to integrate this bombardment of sense stimulations and to organize responses to them , the ganglion of this segment ( often plus several additional ones ) becomes greatly enlarged to form the brain .
and to integrate this bombardment of sense stimulations and to organize responses to them , the ganglion of this segment ( often plus several [more] ones ) becomes greatly enlarged to form the brain .

It can , however , have the additional effect of producing large parties that could then effectively win any encounter with males of an opposed community .
it can , however , have the [more] effect of producing large parties that could then effectively win any encounter with males of an opposed community .

( For additional ecological studies on gelada see Kawai 1978 . )
( for [more] ecological studies on gelada see kawai 1978 . )

We will give additional emphasis to upgrading skills and technology when allocating funds .
we will give [more] emphasis to upgrading skills and technology when allocating funds .

We believe that further benefits to consumers would flow from additional competition .
we believe that further benefits to consumers would flow from [more] competition .

We will transfer the education share of the Home Office 's ‘ Section 11 ’ money to the Department of Education , to focus help on those from ethnic minority backgrounds who need additional English language teaching .
we will transfer the education share of the home office 's ‘ section 11 ’ money to the department of education , to focus help on those from ethnic minority backgrounds who need [more] english language teaching .

So we will increase the additional support , already up by over £300 million a year since 1989 , available to less well-off pensioners .
so we will increase the [more] support , already up by over £300 million a year since 1989 , available to less well-off pensioners .

We oppose resumption of the trade in ivory or elephant products , and will provide additional support for elephant conservation projects in Africa .
we oppose resumption of the trade in ivory or elephant products , and will provide [more] support for elephant conservation projects in africa .

But this would be wrong because , as Kant has demonstrated , ‘ existence is not an attribute ’ , an additional property which a thing has on top of its other properties like greenness , tallness , or roundness .
but this would be wrong because , as kant has demonstrated , ‘ existence is not an attribute ’ , an [more] property which a thing has on top of its other properties like greenness , tallness , or roundness .

It is as if by being able to make moral judgements people recognise , not simply an additional technical possibility , but something to which they wish to give ultimate significance .
it is as if by being able to make moral judgements people recognise , not simply an [more] technical possibility , but something to which they wish to give ultimate significance .

If the need for an extra room does not warrant the additional expense of a larger house , the solution may be to rise above it all .
if the need for an extra room does not warrant the [more] expense of a larger house , the solution may be to rise above it all .

Trussed roofs will require additional support to the roof ; and unless considerable structural alterations are made , a typical Victorian terraced house with a central staircase will require new stairs from a bedroom .
trussed roofs will require [more] support to the roof ; and unless considerable structural alterations are made , a typical victorian terraced house with a central staircase will require new stairs from a bedroom .

Quite a lot ; but two main areas that should be left to a builder will be all structural work to the roof , such as forming the dormer windows , and alterations to the rafters ; and supplying and fixing the additional staircase , which must be correctly fitted and properly secured .
quite a lot ; but two main areas that should be left to a builder will be all structural work to the roof , such as forming the dormer windows , and alterations to the rafters ; and supplying and fixing the [more] staircase , which must be correctly fitted and properly secured .

Additional handrail optional .
[more] handrail optional .

An additional feature of the Goldstar step ladder is the useful tool tray which fits neatly on to the handrail , making a place for tools to be kept within easy reach .
an [more] feature of the goldstar step ladder is the useful tool tray which fits neatly on to the handrail , making a place for tools to be kept within easy reach .

Drylining with any plasterboard will insulate walls to some extent , but a special thermal board , with an expanded polystyrene backing , will give additional insulation .
drylining with any plasterboard will insulate walls to some extent , but a special thermal board , with an expanded polystyrene backing , will give [more] insulation .

In addition to your normal credit facility , you will be able to call upon this additional reserve to help you cope with unexpected expenses such a last minute change to travel plans , or an unplanned stop over in a hotel .
in addition to your normal credit facility , you will be able to call upon this [more] reserve to help you cope with unexpected expenses such a last minute change to travel plans , or an unplanned stop over in a hotel .

If your loan exceeds 75 % of the value of the property , additional security will be required on the ‘ excess loan ’ .
if your loan exceeds 75 % of the value of the property , [more] security will be required on the ‘ excess loan ’ .

If the buildings insurance on the property you buy is tied by a lease ( this will usually only apply to flats ) additional buildings insurance may not be required .
if the buildings insurance on the property you buy is tied by a lease ( this will usually only apply to flats ) [more] buildings insurance may not be required .

Additional powers under the Building Societies Act 1986 , were exercised during the year .
[more] powers under the building societies act 1986 , were exercised during the year .

First , the Company is already required to circulate nominations made under requisition without charge if no additional costs are involved .
first , the company is already required to circulate nominations made under requisition without charge if no [more] costs are involved .

If there are additional costs , the Companies Act 1985 entitles the Company to require requisitioners to deposit a sum sufficient to meet such costs unless the Company resolves otherwise .
if there are [more] costs , the companies act 1985 entitles the company to require requisitioners to deposit a sum sufficient to meet such costs unless the company resolves otherwise .

If the amendment to Article 93 were accepted , the Company , and hence the general body of shareholders , would have no choice but to bear such additional costs , however great they were or however many requisitions there may be .
if the amendment to article 93 were accepted , the company , and hence the general body of shareholders , would have no choice but to bear such [more] costs , however great they were or however many requisitions there may be .

Additional endowment cover can be arranged through Sun Life .
[more] endowment cover can be arranged through sun life .

If you paid additional premium to delete the standard £15 excesses under the Buildings Section of the Policy you will find this charge is no longer made .
if you paid [more] premium to delete the standard £15 excesses under the buildings section of the policy you will find this charge is no longer made .

Additional or return premiums will be dealt with separately from the Esiplan 12 Scheme .
[more] or return premiums will be dealt with separately from the esiplan 12 scheme .

Additional cash payments for certain permanent injuries .
[more] cash payments for certain permanent injuries .

Additional cash payment of £2,500 to your estate in the event of your death as the result of an accident .
[more] cash payment of £2,500 to your estate in the event of your death as the result of an accident .

Joint borrowers enjoy protection on the first named party to the account , usually the main earner , but cover is available on both at additional cost — please ask your branch for details .
joint borrowers enjoy protection on the first named party to the account , usually the main earner , but cover is available on both at [more] cost — please ask your branch for details .

While you 're in hospital , a guaranteed additional daily income will go a long way to ensuring that you do n't come out of hospital with financial worries .
while you 're in hospital , a guaranteed [more] daily income will go a long way to ensuring that you do n't come out of hospital with financial worries .

When combined with offshore corporate ownership you can enjoy additional financial advantages .
when combined with offshore corporate ownership you can enjoy [more] financial advantages .

The Exeter also accepts new members over 65 and under 75 years old for a once-only additional joining premium ( also with tax relief ) .
the exeter also accepts new members over 65 and under 75 years old for a once-only [more] joining premium ( also with tax relief ) .

Additional security for your loan may be required ( written requirements are available from your local branch or Business Centre ) .
[more] security for your loan may be required ( written requirements are available from your local branch or business centre ) .

At the same time , Barclays Development Capital Ltd. subscribes for a proportion of your ordinary equity which provides an additional injection of capital .
at the same time , barclays development capital ltd. subscribes for a proportion of your ordinary equity which provides an [more] injection of capital .

For those working from an office or surgery Barclays Office and Surgery Protection Policy covers accidental loss or damage to business contents and glass , additional expenses following loss or damage to contents , loss of money , assault , employers and public liability .
for those working from an office or surgery barclays office and surgery protection policy covers accidental loss or damage to business contents and glass , [more] expenses following loss or damage to contents , loss of money , assault , employers and public liability .

Sometimes though , the interview serves an additional public relations purpose in getting the organization across to people who will either apply again , or carry the word elsewhere about the excellence of the organization .
sometimes though , the interview serves an [more] public relations purpose in getting the organization across to people who will either apply again , or carry the word elsewhere about the excellence of the organization .

Lead the subordinate to see new possibilities and the need for more information by asking additional questions .
lead the subordinate to see new possibilities and the need for more information by asking [more] questions .

Although delegation may release more time for you it will cost additional time for others .
although delegation may release more time for you it will cost [more] time for others .

To help you convalesce you will be paid an additional tax free lump sum of up to £800 if an accident results in a stay in hospital for ten days or more .
to help you convalesce you will be paid an [more] tax free lump sum of up to £800 if an accident results in a stay in hospital for ten days or more .

Today 's new mother may well find herself facing the additional difficulty of coping alone with her new-born infant — whether due to choice or circumstance .
today 's new mother may well find herself facing the [more] difficulty of coping alone with her new-born infant — whether due to choice or circumstance .

They are both on low incomes and find it very hard to cope with all the additional expenses of Gail 's illness .
they are both on low incomes and find it very hard to cope with all the [more] expenses of gail 's illness .

Trevor takes care of the rest of the garden , plants up the giant tubs that sit outside the house , helps the Prince plan new features and site new trees and additional flower beds .
trevor takes care of the rest of the garden , plants up the giant tubs that sit outside the house , helps the prince plan new features and site new trees and [more] flower beds .

An additional £12.94 million in supporting research was also lost .
an [more] £12.94 million in supporting research was also lost .

This was increased to £3.95 million to cover additional safety requirements .
this was increased to £3.95 million to cover [more] safety requirements .

There is the additional possibility that the body clock itself might , like other parts of the brain and body , deteriorate with age .
there is the [more] possibility that the body clock itself might , like other parts of the brain and body , deteriorate with age .

Alterations in diet and even hygiene might well produce indigestion and ‘ traveller 's tummy ’ , but this does not exclude the possibility that the time-zone transition produces similar or additional changes .
alterations in diet and even hygiene might well produce indigestion and ‘ traveller 's tummy ’ , but this does not exclude the possibility that the time-zone transition produces similar or [more] changes .

Please add any additional comments you may have on a separate piece of paper , in no more than 100 words .
please add any [more] comments you may have on a separate piece of paper , in no more than 100 words .

In two additional sections it deals with advice on food labelling and stock control .
in two [more] sections it deals with advice on food labelling and stock control .

To give additional light to the new upper-level sitting room , it was decided to insert a group of three fixed windows in the south elevation above an existing opening ( Plate 9 ) and in the north elevation two similar openings were added .
to give [more] light to the new upper-level sitting room , it was decided to insert a group of three fixed windows in the south elevation above an existing opening ( plate 9 ) and in the north elevation two similar openings were added .

Four additional openings were made in this external wall and three existing openings were modified in order to admit adequate light to the altered interior .
four [more] openings were made in this external wall and three existing openings were modified in order to admit adequate light to the altered interior .

An aesthetically satisfactory answer to the need to insert additional windows to light the new lower-level accommodation was found by not only siting the new openings in the same vertical alignment as the original triparite lights , but also by aiming to reproduce the general appearance of the existing windows .
an aesthetically satisfactory answer to the need to insert [more] windows to light the new lower-level accommodation was found by not only siting the new openings in the same vertical alignment as the original triparite lights , but also by aiming to reproduce the general appearance of the existing windows .

Few additional loads were placed on the original structure .
few [more] loads were placed on the original structure .

The two main additional floors are largely carried on new masonry crosswalls which are , in turn , carried on their own new strip-footing foundations .
the two main [more] floors are largely carried on new masonry crosswalls which are , in turn , carried on their own new strip-footing foundations .

To obtain additional internal volume and a satisfactory relationship between new floor levels and existing or modified window openings , the original ground floor , which consisted of two panels of suspended timber construction under the areas formerly accommodating pews , separated and flanked by strips of tiled floor on a solid base where the gangways ran , was removed to give a further 400mm ( 16in ) of height .
to obtain [more] internal volume and a satisfactory relationship between new floor levels and existing or modified window openings , the original ground floor , which consisted of two panels of suspended timber construction under the areas formerly accommodating pews , separated and flanked by strips of tiled floor on a solid base where the gangways ran , was removed to give a further 400mm ( 16in ) of height .

However , all the new occupants were faced with considerable expense in converting their areas of the building into habitable accommodation because each newly formed unit lacked even basic services provision , and by 1986 most people had spent an additional £55–60,000 on their conversion .
however , all the new occupants were faced with considerable expense in converting their areas of the building into habitable accommodation because each newly formed unit lacked even basic services provision , and by 1986 most people had spent an [more] £55–60,000 on their conversion .

Both windmills and watermills were built taller or larger to accommodate additional machinery and grain storage space , and an extra floor was often provided above the rest of the accommodation so that grain could be emptied into bulk storage bins and led through spouts to millstones as required .
both windmills and watermills were built taller or larger to accommodate [more] machinery and grain storage space , and an extra floor was often provided above the rest of the accommodation so that grain could be emptied into bulk storage bins and led through spouts to millstones as required .

These are feature additional to the normal provision in this type of housing .
these are feature [more] to the normal provision in this type of housing .

Amphibious Engineer is an additional trade to Combat Engineer , and many of the men also have an artisan trade , such as plumber , draughtsman or sheet metal worker , as a third string .
amphibious engineer is an [more] trade to combat engineer , and many of the men also have an artisan trade , such as plumber , draughtsman or sheet metal worker , as a third string .

The bridge was complete , the air blowers on each rig whined as the remaining air bags were inflated for additional buoyancy , and footwalk posts and ropes were installed .
the bridge was complete , the air blowers on each rig whined as the remaining air bags were inflated for [more] buoyancy , and footwalk posts and ropes were installed .

She 'd had a colour put in last autumn which was growing out , so Chris decided to enhance the natural warmth of the hair and add additional shine using a non-commitment colour , Natural Dark Blonde , mixed with persimmon from the Colour Touch range .
she 'd had a colour put in last autumn which was growing out , so chris decided to enhance the natural warmth of the hair and add [more] shine using a non-commitment colour , natural dark blonde , mixed with persimmon from the colour touch range .

And , as if that were n't enough , while you 're there you can enjoy £100 worth of additional treatments from DeCleor , who offer a comprehensive range of aromatherapy and plant-based beauty products .
and , as if that were n't enough , while you 're there you can enjoy £100 worth of [more] treatments from decleor , who offer a comprehensive range of aromatherapy and plant-based beauty products .

And with the additional treatments from DeCleor you 'll be glowing from top to toe by the end of the week .
and with the [more] treatments from decleor you 'll be glowing from top to toe by the end of the week .

It was natural to see these moving pictures as nothing more than a novelty , perhaps merely a passing gimmick ; they were , after all , only shown as an additional turn on the music-hall programme .
it was natural to see these moving pictures as nothing more than a novelty , perhaps merely a passing gimmick ; they were , after all , only shown as an [more] turn on the music-hall programme .

Unable to get these onto the screen for 18 months , and lacking the clout necessary to raise the additional money for the six extra films they would need to secure foreign distribution , Minerva went under .
unable to get these onto the screen for 18 months , and lacking the clout necessary to raise the [more] money for the six extra films they would need to secure foreign distribution , minerva went under .

Studios were built and additional stages added on to old complexes .
studios were built and [more] stages added on to old complexes .

Economists believe that the boost to the labour force may be worth an additional 1 per cent a year in the early 1990s .
economists believe that the boost to the labour force may be worth an [more] 1 per cent a year in the early 1990s .

In addition to the evening sessions there will be four ‘ away-days ’ on Saturdays ( from 10.00 am to 4.30 am ) , which give the opportunity for some extended skill-training and group-work ( an additional ‘ away-day ’ has been included this year ) .
in addition to the evening sessions there will be four ‘ away-days ’ on saturdays ( from 10.00 am to 4.30 am ) , which give the opportunity for some extended skill-training and group-work ( an [more] ‘ away-day ’ has been included this year ) .

If you exercise more , you use up more of the energy from your food , so reducing your chances of putting on any additional weight .
if you exercise more , you use up more of the energy from your food , so reducing your chances of putting on any [more] weight .

Under the inevitable power lines the church looked rural , too : a simple wooden structure with a sharp , narrow steeple prodding at the sky as if to remind God that it was there , its bell clanking as an additional reminder and as a summons to the faithful .
under the inevitable power lines the church looked rural , too : a simple wooden structure with a sharp , narrow steeple prodding at the sky as if to remind god that it was there , its bell clanking as an [more] reminder and as a summons to the faithful .

The restaurant had been double booked and when the two parties had met there had been a scene akin to the opening of World War Three until Frau Nordern , at her most imperious , and with the additional , strategic advantage that her husband was a state official and the opposition merely clerks from the Centrum store , cowed the manager and routed the clerks .
the restaurant had been double booked and when the two parties had met there had been a scene akin to the opening of world war three until frau nordern , at her most imperious , and with the [more] , strategic advantage that her husband was a state official and the opposition merely clerks from the centrum store , cowed the manager and routed the clerks .

While the concerto had sounded complete and satisfying in its original three-movement format , the additional movements opened up new horizons and changed its structural proportions without distorting any of its existing perspectives .
while the concerto had sounded complete and satisfying in its original three-movement format , the [more] movements opened up new horizons and changed its structural proportions without distorting any of its existing perspectives .

If anything , its additional colours brought extra glitter to the music , and this quality was certainly seized upon by the London Sinfonietta under Elgar Howarth , who eagerly compensated for the pianist 's lack of a trenchant or subtle delivery .
if anything , its [more] colours brought extra glitter to the music , and this quality was certainly seized upon by the london sinfonietta under elgar howarth , who eagerly compensated for the pianist 's lack of a trenchant or subtle delivery .

Warsaw Pact tanks have been fitted in recent years with additional armour , designed to explode when hit by an anti-tank missile , so neutralising its effect .
warsaw pact tanks have been fitted in recent years with [more] armour , designed to explode when hit by an anti-tank missile , so neutralising its effect .

Meanwhile , the decision to sell Saatchi 's ailing business consultancy division has put additional strains on Saatchi management and a number of senior managers have had to be moved to new positions .
meanwhile , the decision to sell saatchi 's ailing business consultancy division has put [more] strains on saatchi management and a number of senior managers have had to be moved to new positions .

But routine policing in a divided society also constitutes an important substantive topic in its own right , for it provides an additional dimension to the analysis of routine policing , as well as expanding and clarifying our understanding of what divided societies are like .
but routine policing in a divided society also constitutes an important substantive topic in its own right , for it provides an [more] dimension to the analysis of routine policing , as well as expanding and clarifying our understanding of what divided societies are like .

Like Bulmer ( 1982 ) , we believe that social researchers have a responsibility to the subjects of their research , but this is doubled in our case because of the additional obligation on us to protect their personal security in whatever small way , as researchers , we can .
like bulmer ( 1982 ) , we believe that social researchers have a responsibility to the subjects of their research , but this is doubled in our case because of the [more] obligation on us to protect their personal security in whatever small way , as researchers , we can .

This knowledge is also recursive , in that the competent policeman or woman needs to know which criminals have a common-sense knowledge about the activities and deployment of the police , which requires that they have the additional common sense to confound the criminal 's working knowledge of the police .
this knowledge is also recursive , in that the competent policeman or woman needs to know which criminals have a common-sense knowledge about the activities and deployment of the police , which requires that they have the [more] common sense to confound the criminal 's working knowledge of the police .

However , the dissemination of this knowledge to newcomers has the additional purpose of inculcating in them the common sense that is necessary to police Easton .
however , the dissemination of this knowledge to newcomers has the [more] purpose of inculcating in them the common sense that is necessary to police easton .

Gordon Brown , Labour 's shadow to the Treasury chief secretary , said yesterday that he and Jack Cunningham , Labour 's environment spokesman , had been shown additional internal Government papers which proved that the Conservative Party had asked the Treasury and individual departments to cost Labour 's policy review according to Tory Central Office assumptions .
gordon brown , labour 's shadow to the treasury chief secretary , said yesterday that he and jack cunningham , labour 's environment spokesman , had been shown [more] internal government papers which proved that the conservative party had asked the treasury and individual departments to cost labour 's policy review according to tory central office assumptions .

( An additional consideration is that alcohol is often rationed on safety grounds , which many skiers of my acquaintance would judge to be an unjustifiable infringement of their liberty . )
( an [more] consideration is that alcohol is often rationed on safety grounds , which many skiers of my acquaintance would judge to be an unjustifiable infringement of their liberty . )

He made an error of judgement , albeit one which is understandable , when he pumped additional liquidity into the system following the stock market crash of October 1987 .
he made an error of judgement , albeit one which is understandable , when he pumped [more] liquidity into the system following the stock market crash of october 1987 .

‘ Had the increase in pensions been in line with inflation in the 12 months ending April 1989 , a single person with the basic state pension would have received an additional £44.20 and a couple another £72.80 during the year , ’ said Mrs Greengross .
‘ had the increase in pensions been in line with inflation in the 12 months ending april 1989 , a single person with the basic state pension would have received an [more] £44.20 and a couple another £72.80 during the year , ’ said mrs greengross .

The funeral director will discuss varying costs of a funeral and cremation , including additional costs of burial , and should have a price list with all types of coffin , casket and services provided .
the funeral director will discuss varying costs of a funeral and cremation , including [more] costs of burial , and should have a price list with all types of coffin , casket and services provided .

With a family grave , there will be a fee for opening it up , for moving headstones , and for additional inscriptions on an existing headstone .
with a family grave , there will be a fee for opening it up , for moving headstones , and for [more] inscriptions on an existing headstone .

Burial outside the area of residence will be more expensive because of the additional transport costs .
burial outside the area of residence will be more expensive because of the [more] transport costs .

transport for the coffin and bearers and the cost of one additional car
transport for the coffin and bearers and the cost of one [more] car

additional expenses up to £75 , which arise from a requirement of the dead person 's religious faith .
[more] expenses up to £75 , which arise from a requirement of the dead person 's religious faith .

Social services departments may also be able to help you pay for work not covered by disabled facilities grants , and can also provide additional facilities to make the property safer , more comfortable and more convenient .
social services departments may also be able to help you pay for work not covered by disabled facilities grants , and can also provide [more] facilities to make the property safer , more comfortable and more convenient .

Mr. Patel receives a state pension ( including additional pension ) of £54.40 per week , and has savings of £5,100 .
mr. patel receives a state pension ( including [more] pension ) of £54.40 per week , and has savings of £5,100 .

It is an additional pleasure to recognise his prophetic power of divining where the best art was to be found .
it is an [more] pleasure to recognise his prophetic power of divining where the best art was to be found .

The catalogue has the additional interest of a memoir by Silvio Berthoud , who had sat as a boy between five and eight for his uncle :
the catalogue has the [more] interest of a memoir by silvio berthoud , who had sat as a boy between five and eight for his uncle :

The alehouse in its most basic form was simply a domestic building where ale was sold to generate additional income for the household , although David Lupton observed in 1632 that the alehouse keeper ‘ defies a wine tavern as an upstart outlandish fellow , and suspects the wine to be poisoned .
the alehouse in its most basic form was simply a domestic building where ale was sold to generate [more] income for the household , although david lupton observed in 1632 that the alehouse keeper ‘ defies a wine tavern as an upstart outlandish fellow , and suspects the wine to be poisoned .

( a ) scientific , and in particular physiological , observations have provided any additional , independent evidence in support of the impingement theory of perception/experience ;
( a ) scientific , and in particular physiological , observations have provided any [more] , independent evidence in support of the impingement theory of perception/experience ;

For additional support contact :
for [more] support contact :

If additional work , or special items such as gold taps are requested by you , then you will be expected to pay for these .
if [more] work , or special items such as gold taps are requested by you , then you will be expected to pay for these .

If the builder encounters some unforeseen work do n't panic , but you must advise the Environmental Health Officer immediately ; they should be able to assist with additional finance if they are giving you a grant .
if the builder encounters some unforeseen work do n't panic , but you must advise the environmental health officer immediately ; they should be able to assist with [more] finance if they are giving you a grant .

If you wish to increase your support , you can simply write a cheque for the additional amount you wish to give .
if you wish to increase your support , you can simply write a cheque for the [more] amount you wish to give .

In a strong wind he must refuse to move until sufficient additional crew arrive to handle the glider safely .
in a strong wind he must refuse to move until sufficient [more] crew arrive to handle the glider safely .

Additional yawing caused by the excess use of the rudder in a turn will make the wing-drop much sharper .
[more] yawing caused by the excess use of the rudder in a turn will make the wing-drop much sharper .

Additional yaw will also occur if the ailerons are used to try to stop the dropping wing because of the extra aileron drag .
[more] yaw will also occur if the ailerons are used to try to stop the dropping wing because of the extra aileron drag .

( The full opposite rudder must never be taken off if the aircraft is reluctant to recover , because any additional yaw would further flatten the spin . )
( the full opposite rudder must never be taken off if the aircraft is reluctant to recover , because any [more] yaw would further flatten the spin . )

There is also the additional hazard that if the rope breaks at the towplane end , it may fall over the glider , causing damage .
there is also the [more] hazard that if the rope breaks at the towplane end , it may fall over the glider , causing damage .

It is wise for inexperienced pilots to carry additional ballast to bring the c.g .
it is wise for inexperienced pilots to carry [more] ballast to bring the c.g .

The nose heaviness will also provide additional down elevator power to help control any nose-up pitching tendencies .
the nose heaviness will also provide [more] down elevator power to help control any nose-up pitching tendencies .

Additional airbrake should be available to make the glider stop floating at the right moment .
[more] airbrake should be available to make the glider stop floating at the right moment .

In addition to the secular names , there is an additional one by which the person is known in the synagogue , by which he is ‘ called to the Torah ’ .
in addition to the secular names , there is an [more] one by which the person is known in the synagogue , by which he is ‘ called to the torah ’ .

Understanding ‘ mythologies ’ thus , we might paraphrase his title : ‘ Symbols Of Life ’ , which has the additional benefit of thrusting forward his debt to the ‘ surrealist ’ poet Lorca , a natural child of the symbolist movement , whose ‘ super-realisms ’ had infatuated Leonard from his teenage years .
understanding ‘ mythologies ’ thus , we might paraphrase his title : ‘ symbols of life ’ , which has the [more] benefit of thrusting forward his debt to the ‘ surrealist ’ poet lorca , a natural child of the symbolist movement , whose ‘ super-realisms ’ had infatuated leonard from his teenage years .

Always train with these mitts to get used to the additional range they allow , and to experience what an acceptable impact feels like .
always train with these mitts to get used to the [more] range they allow , and to experience what an acceptable impact feels like .

However , if the tooth is knocked out completely , little additional damage can be done by fighting on .
however , if the tooth is knocked out completely , little [more] damage can be done by fighting on .

Of course , with the development of international monopoly capital and multinational companies , additional sources of power have been brought into play .
of course , with the development of international monopoly capital and multinational companies , [more] sources of power have been brought into play .

The retreat consisted , and still does , of anything from five to thirty days of spiritual exercises , usually in an atmosphere of silence and contemplation apart from listening to the preacher when there is one , but with additional features of both vocal and silent prayer .
the retreat consisted , and still does , of anything from five to thirty days of spiritual exercises , usually in an atmosphere of silence and contemplation apart from listening to the preacher when there is one , but with [more] features of both vocal and silent prayer .

An additional concern of the church remained the fear of socialism .
an [more] concern of the church remained the fear of socialism .

The present interrelationship between control of the schools and the two alliances varies in each part of Ireland , though one should also bear in mind the additional underpinning of the alliances both North and South by one of the traditional values of bourgeois capitalism , private and selective schooling .
the present interrelationship between control of the schools and the two alliances varies in each part of ireland , though one should also bear in mind the [more] underpinning of the alliances both north and south by one of the traditional values of bourgeois capitalism , private and selective schooling .

Runners-up will win a one night stay at the Chewton Glen or an equivalent Scottish hotel , with additional prizes of rackets , sportswear and accessories for all National finalists .
runners-up will win a one night stay at the chewton glen or an equivalent scottish hotel , with [more] prizes of rackets , sportswear and accessories for all national finalists .

Using the arms alone is simply not enough as the swing is now restricted by the additional hand .
using the arms alone is simply not enough as the swing is now restricted by the [more] hand .

The Forum is sponsored by the City of Birmingham 's Economic Development Committee with additional support from Central Independent Television and Telescope Video Graphics .
the forum is sponsored by the city of birmingham 's economic development committee with [more] support from central independent television and telescope video graphics .

There was a saucy additional note from British Customs and Excise , who had opened the package upon arrival , to determine any duties payable .
there was a saucy [more] note from british customs and excise , who had opened the package upon arrival , to determine any duties payable .

As an additional precaution you should also secure the corner legs and wheels .
as an [more] precaution you should also secure the corner legs and wheels .

Farmers need to take additional precautions , especially if cash or weapons are kept in the house .
farmers need to take [more] precautions , especially if cash or weapons are kept in the house .

Additional items which make the system even more versatile include a flat port for normal and close-up photography , dome port for wide angle photography and extension sections which effectively lengthen the housing and allow the use of additional lenses , and lenses with extension tubes .
[more] items which make the system even more versatile include a flat port for normal and close-up photography , dome port for wide angle photography and extension sections which effectively lengthen the housing and allow the use of [more] lenses , and lenses with extension tubes .

Options include a knife sheath , or an additional pocket , a dimpled seat patch and a front convenience zip .
options include a knife sheath , or an [more] pocket , a dimpled seat patch and a front convenience zip .

The additional expense incurred in the purchase of dog will only deter the less enthusiastic .
the [more] expense incurred in the purchase of dog will only deter the less enthusiastic .

Additional WCs were installed , then someone had the alarming thought that at the ceremony 's climax when the entire Abbey would be hushed as the crown was placed on her Majesty 's head , there might occur one of those terrible historical coincidences whereby all the WCs were occupied and all the occupants pulled the chain simultaneously .
[more] wcs were installed , then someone had the alarming thought that at the ceremony 's climax when the entire abbey would be hushed as the crown was placed on her majesty 's head , there might occur one of those terrible historical coincidences whereby all the wcs were occupied and all the occupants pulled the chain simultaneously .

These are additional to the above tests .
these are [more] to the above tests .

More often it is necessary to include tests additional to those of the quality control specification : examples are tests for specific degradation products .
more often it is necessary to include tests [more] to those of the quality control specification : examples are tests for specific degradation products .

You will be anxious to have enough grazing for your livestock in spring , summer , and autumn , to make enough hay or silage for their winter keep , to provide additional cereals and roots to supplement the hay , and to grow enough cereals , potatoes , vegetables , and fruit for your own table .
you will be anxious to have enough grazing for your livestock in spring , summer , and autumn , to make enough hay or silage for their winter keep , to provide [more] cereals and roots to supplement the hay , and to grow enough cereals , potatoes , vegetables , and fruit for your own table .

Although tripodding involves an additional operation ( and unnecessary extra work in good weather ) , in high-rainfall areas it will often reduce the need for extra turning and tedding and the risk of crop loss or damage .
although tripodding involves an [more] operation ( and unnecessary extra work in good weather ) , in high-rainfall areas it will often reduce the need for extra turning and tedding and the risk of crop loss or damage .

Upland valleys present additional problems because of their often numerous isolated field barns — sometimes one for each hay meadow .
upland valleys present [more] problems because of their often numerous isolated field barns — sometimes one for each hay meadow .

The obvious way to raise additional programme finance is to exploit those precious overseas rights .
the obvious way to raise [more] programme finance is to exploit those precious overseas rights .

In the 1930s , with the threat of war and the knowledge that it might be fought in territories infested with malaria , the need for additional remedies was evident .
in the 1930s , with the threat of war and the knowledge that it might be fought in territories infested with malaria , the need for [more] remedies was evident .

drugs which increase the volume of urine , and were not the first diuretics to have additional valuable properties .
drugs which increase the volume of urine , and were not the first diuretics to have [more] valuable properties .

In addition to the blue and white ribbon , the Best Winner may receive additional points if the opposite sex had an entry qualifying for higher points .
in addition to the blue and white ribbon , the best winner may receive [more] points if the opposite sex had an entry qualifying for higher points .

After sending out up to four earlier warnings , Scotland 's nine large regional councils have now reached the critical phase in collecting the community charge from 3.7 million Scots , including an additional 1.7 million new taxpayers drawn into the net .
after sending out up to four earlier warnings , scotland 's nine large regional councils have now reached the critical phase in collecting the community charge from 3.7 million scots , including an [more] 1.7 million new taxpayers drawn into the net .

The fitting of additional security locks top and bottom is essential for all round protection .
the fitting of [more] security locks top and bottom is essential for all round protection .

Additional powers will be introduced for the issue of immediate enforcement and prohibition notices where the rules are being broken , or where there is a risk of environmental harm .
[more] powers will be introduced for the issue of immediate enforcement and prohibition notices where the rules are being broken , or where there is a risk of environmental harm .

Genetically modified organisms : The bill provides for additional safeguards against the import , containment and release of Genetically Modified Organisms .
genetically modified organisms : the bill provides for [more] safeguards against the import , containment and release of genetically modified organisms .

Proposals to curb litter and waste did not go far enough and would land local authorities with extra bills but no additional resources .
proposals to curb litter and waste did not go far enough and would land local authorities with extra bills but no [more] resources .

He had a successful hernia operation but was a regular visitor to Harley Street as additional deep-seated groin trouble failed to respond to treatment .
he had a successful hernia operation but was a regular visitor to harley street as [more] deep-seated groin trouble failed to respond to treatment .

Additional components comprise an extra electro-hydraulic control valve to actuate fourth-to-fifth and fifth-to-fourth shifts and the extra gear set itself .
[more] components comprise an extra electro-hydraulic control valve to actuate fourth-to-fifth and fifth-to-fourth shifts and the extra gear set itself .

The additional space thus provided would not only have allowed the reproduction of documents of a useful length , but would also have avoided anomalies such as the absence of any statements by the Third Marquis of Salisbury , Stanley Baldwin , Walter Elliot , Noel Skelton , the ‘ Mannheim Group ’ , and other leading Conservative politicians and publicists of the late nineteenth and twentieth centuries .
the [more] space thus provided would not only have allowed the reproduction of documents of a useful length , but would also have avoided anomalies such as the absence of any statements by the third marquis of salisbury , stanley baldwin , walter elliot , noel skelton , the ‘ mannheim group ’ , and other leading conservative politicians and publicists of the late nineteenth and twentieth centuries .

An additional benefit of expanding Eccleshall 's book would be that he could extend his interpretative essays , which contain important and subtle reflections on the nature of Conservatism .
an [more] benefit of expanding eccleshall 's book would be that he could extend his interpretative essays , which contain important and subtle reflections on the nature of conservatism .

For the authorities , it ensures that only a relatively sanitized version of events gets out ; for the authors , it means that they do not have to perjure themselves , and has the additional benefit that the gaps — and consequently the restraints under which they have had to work — are obvious to their readers .
for the authorities , it ensures that only a relatively sanitized version of events gets out ; for the authors , it means that they do not have to perjure themselves , and has the [more] benefit that the gaps — and consequently the restraints under which they have had to work — are obvious to their readers .

Some of the audience calmly fetched additional chairs from a store and we each sat holding our stacking chair over our heads until the shower subsided , in about the same time it took the film rain to subside .
some of the audience calmly fetched [more] chairs from a store and we each sat holding our stacking chair over our heads until the shower subsided , in about the same time it took the film rain to subside .

In 1967 he was appointed deputy chairman of the nationalised British Steel Corporation and in 1971 took on the additional responsibility of chief executive . He relinquished both posts in
in 1967 he was appointed deputy chairman of the nationalised british steel corporation and in 1971 took on the [more] responsibility of chief executive . he relinquished both posts in

But more importantly , as far as Roddick is concerned , each franchised outlet is required to take on a community project in its area , which she believes gives the young women in the organisation additional status and helps them to realise that everybody has the ability to change the world for the better .
but more importantly , as far as roddick is concerned , each franchised outlet is required to take on a community project in its area , which she believes gives the young women in the organisation [more] status and helps them to realise that everybody has the ability to change the world for the better .

Any additional revenue goes into funding more boys ' towns .
any [more] revenue goes into funding more boys ' towns .

But we recognise that , in addition to a much higher rate of new building , additional emergency measures are needed to reduce the tragic number of homeless people .
but we recognise that , in addition to a much higher rate of new building , [more] emergency measures are needed to reduce the tragic number of homeless people .

This expectation has rather been confirmed than otherwise by the superimposition in the last two years of an element of graduation in the contribution , the additional yield of which for many years to come will mainly help to finance the standard pension but which creates a right to additions to it which will gradually build up over the next forty years on an actuarial basis .
this expectation has rather been confirmed than otherwise by the superimposition in the last two years of an element of graduation in the contribution , the [more] yield of which for many years to come will mainly help to finance the standard pension but which creates a right to additions to it which will gradually build up over the next forty years on an actuarial basis .

The fact that the receiver of a gift hates the giver is commonplace : the gift does nothing to remove the material for envy ; on the contrary , the act of giving becomes both a justification for the envy and an additional ground for feeling it .
the fact that the receiver of a gift hates the giver is commonplace : the gift does nothing to remove the material for envy ; on the contrary , the act of giving becomes both a justification for the envy and an [more] ground for feeling it .

And in addition to that , as governments knew that the House of Commons would not be agreeable , ah , the ah , polite phrase is ‘ had not been educated up to ’ , ah , the acceptance of a transfer of sovereignty of the islands , an additional ingredient was thrown in .
and in addition to that , as governments knew that the house of commons would not be agreeable , ah , the ah , polite phrase is ‘ had not been educated up to ’ , ah , the acceptance of a transfer of sovereignty of the islands , an [more] ingredient was thrown in .

There is another category for Situationist wannabees , which was an additional and problematical area of both books and the exhibition .
there is another category for situationist wannabees , which was an [more] and problematical area of both books and the exhibition .

As well as these individual benefits and services to members , the union provides an additional service to all musicians by its presence and its activities .
as well as these individual benefits and services to members , the union provides an [more] service to all musicians by its presence and its activities .

The principal disadvantage is that a limited company invariably incurs some additional costs .
the principal disadvantage is that a limited company invariably incurs some [more] costs .

By the late 1960s the emphasis of government policy was on the creation of new irrigation complexes , covering an additional million acres at a time when Gezira was experiencing major problems of productivity .
by the late 1960s the emphasis of government policy was on the creation of new irrigation complexes , covering an [more] million acres at a time when gezira was experiencing major problems of productivity .

Even changes of objective within the period in which funds are being disbursed may still leave pressure for additional change , especially if there is a ministerial reshuffle .
even changes of objective within the period in which funds are being disbursed may still leave pressure for [more] change , especially if there is a ministerial reshuffle .

Such project ‘ islands ’ created additional suspicion within recipient governments and the approach has been largely abandoned .
such project ‘ islands ’ created [more] suspicion within recipient governments and the approach has been largely abandoned .

Details include a method of improving breathing by using an additional throttle valve in each inlet port .
details include a method of improving breathing by using an [more] throttle valve in each inlet port .

Additional equipment includes remote control central door locking linked to high-security locks and an alarm system , an optional driver 's side airbag and a high-level rear spotlight .
[more] equipment includes remote control central door locking linked to high-security locks and an alarm system , an optional driver 's side airbag and a high-level rear spotlight .

These options do not have any additional value on five-year-old cars but they do enhance their saleability .
these options do not have any [more] value on five-year-old cars but they do enhance their saleability .

None the less , there is evidence that the press had a small additional influence .
none the less , there is evidence that the press had a small [more] influence .

Though the parties as parties received roughly equal treatment , the government received additional coverage as a government for activities that were ostensibly unconnected with the election campaign .
though the parties as parties received roughly equal treatment , the government received [more] coverage as a government for activities that were ostensibly unconnected with the election campaign .

Bearing in mind the need for Poland and Hungary to reach rapid agreement with international financial institutions , the Council ( of ministers ) recognises the urgent need for additional measures of support .
bearing in mind the need for poland and hungary to reach rapid agreement with international financial institutions , the council ( of ministers ) recognises the urgent need for [more] measures of support .

Sir : Dr Paul Robertshaw ( 3 October ) suggests that the frequent practice of the rich ( typical libel plaintiffs ) to pass on their damages to charity acts ‘ as an additional and self-legitimating , incentive to take awards through the ceiling ’ .
sir : dr paul robertshaw ( 3 october ) suggests that the frequent practice of the rich ( typical libel plaintiffs ) to pass on their damages to charity acts ‘ as an [more] and self-legitimating , incentive to take awards through the ceiling ’ .

The document , released to reporters at a press conference , catalogued the unforeseen ‘ changes of circumstances ’ that could warrant additional price rises .
the document , released to reporters at a press conference , catalogued the unforeseen ‘ changes of circumstances ’ that could warrant [more] price rises .

Nine Conservative MPs from the right and left of the party , including three former ministers , met Mr Patten last night to press their case for additional funds .
nine conservative mps from the right and left of the party , including three former ministers , met mr patten last night to press their case for [more] funds .

Demand is booming for modern refrigeration equipment for the food industry , and recent scares concerning food poisioning and legionnaires ' disease have provided an additional boost .
demand is booming for modern refrigeration equipment for the food industry , and recent scares concerning food poisioning and legionnaires ' disease have provided an [more] boost .

An additional feature page , Focus , will appear every Tuesday and Thursday .
an [more] feature page , focus , will appear every tuesday and thursday .

The Assistant Masters and Mistresses Association , representing about 131,000 teachers , estimates that about 7,500 teachers are not being paid incentive allowances worth £858 a year , while a further 900 are missing out on additional annual payments of £2,568 .
the assistant masters and mistresses association , representing about 131,000 teachers , estimates that about 7,500 teachers are not being paid incentive allowances worth £858 a year , while a further 900 are missing out on [more] annual payments of £2,568 .

The payments were to be made to teachers with additional responsibilities ; to outstanding teachers ; to those teaching in shortage subjects ; and for teachers taking posts that were difficult to fill .
the payments were to be made to teachers with [more] responsibilities ; to outstanding teachers ; to those teaching in shortage subjects ; and for teachers taking posts that were difficult to fill .

The union estimates that local education authorities had to find an additional £7m , as well as awarding 8,400 fewer classroom teacher incentive allowances , to meet the cost of incentives for senior teachers .
the union estimates that local education authorities had to find an [more] £7m , as well as awarding 8,400 fewer classroom teacher incentive allowances , to meet the cost of incentives for senior teachers .

Mr Kinnock staggers under the additional handicap of having no ministerial experience which would equip him for the supreme office to which he aspires .
mr kinnock staggers under the [more] handicap of having no ministerial experience which would equip him for the supreme office to which he aspires .

But the additional security , to be introduced at all international shows , is clearly aimed at stamping out that method of encouraging horses to jump clean — as well as reducing the possibilty of them being nobbled .
but the [more] security , to be introduced at all international shows , is clearly aimed at stamping out that method of encouraging horses to jump clean — as well as reducing the possibilty of them being nobbled .

In it , a group of star economists , including Sir Alan Walters , Mrs Thatcher 's personal adviser , showed how , in any stream of traffic , every additional vehicle slows down those already there — and that the slower the speed of the traffic stream being joined , the greater the hindrance caused by every joining vehicle .
in it , a group of star economists , including sir alan walters , mrs thatcher 's personal adviser , showed how , in any stream of traffic , every [more] vehicle slows down those already there — and that the slower the speed of the traffic stream being joined , the greater the hindrance caused by every joining vehicle .

Developers should pay for the cost of the additional traffic that they generate .
developers should pay for the cost of the [more] traffic that they generate .

Why not instead institute an additional environmental/carbon tax on motor fuels ? This would lead to a decline in the volume of less essential traffic in urban and rural areas and bring an overall reduction in all its adverse effects , including its contribution , through carbon dioxide , to global warming — certain to be very high on the political agenda in the next few years .
why not instead institute an [more] environmental/carbon tax on motor fuels ? this would lead to a decline in the volume of less essential traffic in urban and rural areas and bring an overall reduction in all its adverse effects , including its contribution , through carbon dioxide , to global warming — certain to be very high on the political agenda in the next few years .

There may also be additional staff employed on a part-time or seasonal basis for particular projects or programs .
there may also be [more] staff employed on a part-time or seasonal basis for particular projects or programs .

The book also contains a list of companies , with their headquarters and additional manufacturing and corporate information .
the book also contains a list of companies , with their headquarters and [more] manufacturing and corporate information .

Ploughing in microorganisms , nutrients , and possibly additional wastes in the form of a compost — this is commonly called ‘ landfarming ’ .
ploughing in microorganisms , nutrients , and possibly [more] wastes in the form of a compost — this is commonly called ‘ landfarming ’ .

When microorganisms and additional nutrients are introduced , they are generally added at the edges of the plume , or at least up-gradient from the contaminant source .
when microorganisms and [more] nutrients are introduced , they are generally added at the edges of the plume , or at least up-gradient from the contaminant source .

John Watts , one of the Apothecaries who had contributed to the cost of erecting the wall , was in 1680 appointed to manage garden affairs at a salary of £50 per annum , with additional labouring help .
john watts , one of the apothecaries who had contributed to the cost of erecting the wall , was in 1680 appointed to manage garden affairs at a salary of £50 per annum , with [more] labouring help .

For an annual sum of £100 he was to take on the care , culture and management of the Garden for a term of seven years from Michaelmas , to keep in repair the stove , greenhouse and other buildings and utensils contained in them , to make a catalogue of the plants and , an additional commercial perquisite , to be allowed to sell surplus fruit and plants for his own benefit .
for an annual sum of £100 he was to take on the care , culture and management of the garden for a term of seven years from michaelmas , to keep in repair the stove , greenhouse and other buildings and utensils contained in them , to make a catalogue of the plants and , an [more] commercial perquisite , to be allowed to sell surplus fruit and plants for his own benefit .

Chelsea old Church has a monument in memory of Sir Hans Sloane ; but additional permanent memorials are the streets , square , crescent and terrace in the Chelsea area , named after its magnanimous citizen .
chelsea old church has a monument in memory of sir hans sloane ; but [more] permanent memorials are the streets , square , crescent and terrace in the chelsea area , named after its magnanimous citizen .

The Duchess of Beaufort is also mentioned as having additional rare sorts in her garden at Badminton .
the duchess of beaufort is also mentioned as having [more] rare sorts in her garden at badminton .

From this brief survey it will be seen that Miller 's judgment was not confined to , nor his expertise solely directed towards , blooms of roses , ; rather he considered them as shrubs , studying their form of growth and additional bonus of foliage and fruit .
from this brief survey it will be seen that miller 's judgment was not confined to , nor his expertise solely directed towards , blooms of roses , ; rather he considered them as shrubs , studying their form of growth and [more] bonus of foliage and fruit .

This together with their long continuance in flower , has justly render 'd them the most valuable of all the sorts of flowering shrubs … the great Variety of different Sorts of Roses make a collection of Flowers , either for Basons or in the Garden , without any other additional mixture and their Scent , being the most inoffensive Sweet , is generally esteemed .
this together with their long continuance in flower , has justly render 'd them the most valuable of all the sorts of flowering shrubs … the great variety of different sorts of roses make a collection of flowers , either for basons or in the garden , without any other [more] mixture and their scent , being the most inoffensive sweet , is generally esteemed .

Some had sons working at home , but on others the sons had taken on contract work to bring in additional ( much needed ) income .
some had sons working at home , but on others the sons had taken on contract work to bring in [more] ( much needed ) income .

Neither do they take into account the additional disadvantages associated with increasing remoteness , such as transport costs .
neither do they take into account the [more] disadvantages associated with increasing remoteness , such as transport costs .

Additional funds are required to establish similar educational work about the issues affecting the disadvantaged rural areas of Europe .
[more] funds are required to establish similar educational work about the issues affecting the disadvantaged rural areas of europe .

There is also the additional factor that the analyst who has an interest in the data will often have some idea about values expected for at least some of the samples analysed .
there is also the [more] factor that the analyst who has an interest in the data will often have some idea about values expected for at least some of the samples analysed .

However , additional peaks arise from focusing of the scattered trajectories at the edge of the blocking cones of neighbouring atoms .
however , [more] peaks arise from focusing of the scattered trajectories at the edge of the blocking cones of neighbouring atoms .

In each case , the individual topics ( which are discussed by experts ) are backed up with additional notes and comments from other participants .
in each case , the individual topics ( which are discussed by experts ) are backed up with [more] notes and comments from other participants .

Provided the counties , or other entrepreneurs , do not try to fill the gaps with spurious additional games — a serious danger which must be avoided — they should be better prepared to play good cricket on pitches , moreover , which should also be better prepared .
provided the counties , or other entrepreneurs , do not try to fill the gaps with spurious [more] games — a serious danger which must be avoided — they should be better prepared to play good cricket on pitches , moreover , which should also be better prepared .

It looked a shambles on the live broadcast , but by the evening showing it had been cleaned up thanks to some additional mobile camera coverage .
it looked a shambles on the live broadcast , but by the evening showing it had been cleaned up thanks to some [more] mobile camera coverage .

The laws committee required four additional sittings in London and Wellington to complete the first in-depth overhaul of rugby union 's laws for four years .
the laws committee required four [more] sittings in london and wellington to complete the first in-depth overhaul of rugby union 's laws for four years .

In effect , therefore , the CMHTs were being required to act as local change agents , responsible for creating additional services in the community and mobilizing resources to sustain them .
in effect , therefore , the cmhts were being required to act as local change agents , responsible for creating [more] services in the community and mobilizing resources to sustain them .

Significantly , however , as Table 4 also reveals , very little of the replacement residential stock took the form of traditional hostel services : only 32 of the social services department 's additional 161 residential places were located in hostels .
significantly , however , as table 4 also reveals , very little of the replacement residential stock took the form of traditional hostel services : only 32 of the social services department 's [more] 161 residential places were located in hostels .

Further long-term placements were achieved in 1989 with additional people also using the scheme on a short-term basis , but the temporary ( Joint Finance ) financial support for staff running the scheme and changes in social security and housing benefits were constraining growth .
further long-term placements were achieved in 1989 with [more] people also using the scheme on a short-term basis , but the temporary ( joint finance ) financial support for staff running the scheme and changes in social security and housing benefits were constraining growth .

By the end of our fieldwork , however , all the teams were offering a variety of schemes of one or two weeks duration in the summer and some additional provision was made at Easter and Christmas .
by the end of our fieldwork , however , all the teams were offering a variety of schemes of one or two weeks duration in the summer and some [more] provision was made at easter and christmas .

The key to this was that they all began life with a strong philosophical commitment to development and were given some of the new , additional staff needed in order to give life to this philosophy .
the key to this was that they all began life with a strong philosophical commitment to development and were given some of the new , [more] staff needed in order to give life to this philosophy .

Any additional pressures on services resulting from the growth in the number of adolescents in the general population will , therefore , have to be met without recourse to residential options .
any [more] pressures on services resulting from the growth in the number of adolescents in the general population will , therefore , have to be met without recourse to residential options .

In the mills additional factors have been rationalisation and the use of more modern machinery .
in the mills [more] factors have been rationalisation and the use of more modern machinery .

Additional generating capacity will be mainly coal-fired or hydro with some nuclear .
[more] generating capacity will be mainly coal-fired or hydro with some nuclear .

In other words , when the dinar interest payments by final borrowers are insufficient to cover the interest paid on these loans , the National Bank simply buys additional foreign exchange with new money .
in other words , when the dinar interest payments by final borrowers are insufficient to cover the interest paid on these loans , the national bank simply buys [more] foreign exchange with new money .

Some additional indicators of regional economic differences are given in Table 10.2 .
some [more] indicators of regional economic differences are given in table 10.2 .

Roads were turned to mud by days of rain and Fiorio had the additional hardship of a bubbling radiator to contend with .
roads were turned to mud by days of rain and fiorio had the [more] hardship of a bubbling radiator to contend with .

And , given the much valued British tradition of attending a university or polytechnic away from home , who will fund the additional sleeping accommodation for students , the absence of which has attracted so much adverse publicity this week ?
and , given the much valued british tradition of attending a university or polytechnic away from home , who will fund the [more] sleeping accommodation for students , the absence of which has attracted so much adverse publicity this week ?

What the vice-chancellors are asking , very simply , is where the necessary additional funds are to come from .
what the vice-chancellors are asking , very simply , is where the necessary [more] funds are to come from .

The additional campus , 2 ½ miles from the present site , would make Southampton one of Britain 's largest universities .
the [more] campus , 2 ½ miles from the present site , would make southampton one of britain 's largest universities .

But additional tests are needed to reach a more definite conclusion .
but [more] tests are needed to reach a more definite conclusion .

Whereas in the past the boards would say that advanced calculators could be used without additional calculating programmes or memory banks , such programmes and data banks are incorporated in the latest generation of machines as a matter of course .
whereas in the past the boards would say that advanced calculators could be used without [more] calculating programmes or memory banks , such programmes and data banks are incorporated in the latest generation of machines as a matter of course .

Some 4,690 Wensleydale households took part in the survey which shows that nearly 10 per cent of local residents need immediate additional accommodation or will do so shortly .
some 4,690 wensleydale households took part in the survey which shows that nearly 10 per cent of local residents need immediate [more] accommodation or will do so shortly .

Studies of rape in England and Wales suggest that two-thirds of rapes take place in the home of the victim or the offender , and that only one-third involve strangers ; that two-fifths of victims suffer physical violence as well as rape , and one-sixth suffer additional sexual indignities ; that recent years have seen an increase in the reporting of rapes between acquaintances , and that rapes are increasing a little in their intrinsic seriousness ( i.e .
studies of rape in england and wales suggest that two-thirds of rapes take place in the home of the victim or the offender , and that only one-third involve strangers ; that two-fifths of victims suffer physical violence as well as rape , and one-sixth suffer [more] sexual indignities ; that recent years have seen an increase in the reporting of rapes between acquaintances , and that rapes are increasing a little in their intrinsic seriousness ( i.e .

And in the uplands conifer forests can achieve returns of 6 % where there are some additional recreational benefits and job creation is valued .
and in the uplands conifer forests can achieve returns of 6 % where there are some [more] recreational benefits and job creation is valued .

The second point is that factory women were well versed in appraising the advantages and disadvantages of additional family members . Therefore , he suggests :
the second point is that factory women were well versed in appraising the advantages and disadvantages of [more] family members . therefore , he suggests :

Faced with the intense competition of foreign trade competitors , employers resorted to attempts to reduce monetary wages , an action which was given an additional downward twist by the Baldwin government 's decisions to return to the gold standard and to reflate the pound in 1925 .
faced with the intense competition of foreign trade competitors , employers resorted to attempts to reduce monetary wages , an action which was given an [more] downward twist by the baldwin government 's decisions to return to the gold standard and to reflate the pound in 1925 .

The wartime machinery of industrial relations still survived — particularly the Whitley Councils which had been competitors , employers resorted to attempts to reduce monetary wages , an action which was given an additional downward twist by the Baldwin government 's decisions to return to the gold standard and to reflate the pound in 1925 .
the wartime machinery of industrial relations still survived — particularly the whitley councils which had been competitors , employers resorted to attempts to reduce monetary wages , an action which was given an [more] downward twist by the baldwin government 's decisions to return to the gold standard and to reflate the pound in 1925 .

Easier to have a go than lie waiting for doom in the dark among additional hazards .
easier to have a go than lie waiting for doom in the dark among [more] hazards .

The pans on these barrows tend to be bigger so you can carry more , and additional features like pneumatic tyres , front bracing and a tilt bar make them easier to manoeuvre when loaded .
the pans on these barrows tend to be bigger so you can carry more , and [more] features like pneumatic tyres , front bracing and a tilt bar make them easier to manoeuvre when loaded .

His morale was uplifted a few minutes later when the same Minister returned with a gaggle of additional members evidently called from the floor of the House .
his morale was uplifted a few minutes later when the same minister returned with a gaggle of [more] members evidently called from the floor of the house .

An additional reason is to be found in the relative paucity of working-class sources .
an [more] reason is to be found in the relative paucity of working-class sources .

What a delightful reflection for you and your dear wife that you should have been instrumental in contributing to the loveliness of the celestial kingdom , and that your beloved infant should be an additional star in diadem of Jesus !
what a delightful reflection for you and your dear wife that you should have been instrumental in contributing to the loveliness of the celestial kingdom , and that your beloved infant should be an [more] star in diadem of jesus !

This is because they can include additional short irradiations for elements with isotopes of very short half-lives , from a few minutes to a few hours , although this increases the analyst 's work .
this is because they can include [more] short irradiations for elements with isotopes of very short half-lives , from a few minutes to a few hours , although this increases the analyst 's work .

However the picture is not absolutely clear , as will be obvious from Figure 6.8 , since some of the ellipses are rather large and some overlap : without additional information it would not be possible to say which of the pair ( or more ) of overlapping quarries was the true source .
however the picture is not absolutely clear , as will be obvious from figure 6.8 , since some of the ellipses are rather large and some overlap : without [more] information it would not be possible to say which of the pair ( or more ) of overlapping quarries was the true source .

In the last few years trace element analysis of the marble has been introduced as an additional aspect of characterisation .
in the last few years trace element analysis of the marble has been introduced as an [more] aspect of characterisation .

At the most basic level , major museums must satisfy a requirement to produce inventories , regardless of any additional or subsequent developments .
at the most basic level , major museums must satisfy a requirement to produce inventories , regardless of any [more] or subsequent developments .

At precisely the same time as circumcision and the blood of circumcision was receiving this new casting and additional dimension , legislation about female blood — i.e .
at precisely the same time as circumcision and the blood of circumcision was receiving this new casting and [more] dimension , legislation about female blood — i.e .

To make oneself a ‘ victim of God 's justice ’ , to perform penances greater than one 's own sins had ‘ earned ’ , was to set that additional penance ‘ free ’ for someone else to ‘ use ’ for their salvation .
to make oneself a ‘ victim of god 's justice ’ , to perform penances greater than one 's own sins had ‘ earned ’ , was to set that [more] penance ‘ free ’ for someone else to ‘ use ’ for their salvation .

It is a fine manor house , showing the development from the days of the one main hall to the additional smaller rooms of winter parlour , solar , etc .
it is a fine manor house , showing the development from the days of the one main hall to the [more] smaller rooms of winter parlour , solar , etc .

Labels are often supplemented by well written ‘ data sheets ’ giving additional information some of which are usable as wall posters .
labels are often supplemented by well written ‘ data sheets ’ giving [more] information some of which are usable as wall posters .

Additional areas of flat drained working surfaces are always useful for the dumping of dirty , and the temporary storage of clean , items .
[more] areas of flat drained working surfaces are always useful for the dumping of dirty , and the temporary storage of clean , items .

Refinements to this basic theme centre on additional intermediate and final rinses and the circulation of disinfectants or the inclusion of a hot water disinfection cycle .
refinements to this basic theme centre on [more] intermediate and final rinses and the circulation of disinfectants or the inclusion of a hot water disinfection cycle .

Additional standards relating to disinfection may apply to high risk areas .
[more] standards relating to disinfection may apply to high risk areas .

Twenty years on , it has acquired an additional building , number 5 , has a staff of 23 and puts on 21 exhibitions each year in three exhibition spaces .
twenty years on , it has acquired an [more] building , number 5 , has a staff of 23 and puts on 21 exhibitions each year in three exhibition spaces .

However that same landlord may be introducing tube wells , tractors and high-yielding varieties of seeds , and therefore wish to get rid of the large number of inefficient workers to whom he may be partly responsible for housing , clothing , looking after their aged or sick , and also to whom a sizeable proportion of the additional benefit from these improved inputs would accrue .
however that same landlord may be introducing tube wells , tractors and high-yielding varieties of seeds , and therefore wish to get rid of the large number of inefficient workers to whom he may be partly responsible for housing , clothing , looking after their aged or sick , and also to whom a sizeable proportion of the [more] benefit from these improved inputs would accrue .

The actual rate of completion per annum over the last 27 years has been less than one half of one percent … thus even at several times the projected rate of progress , the great bulk of the conservation task will be incomplete at a time when the most vigorous additional demand is placed on land from massive upsurge of population .
the actual rate of completion per annum over the last 27 years has been less than one half of one percent … thus even at several times the projected rate of progress , the great bulk of the conservation task will be incomplete at a time when the most vigorous [more] demand is placed on land from massive upsurge of population .

At the lowest levels of the government machinery ( the village clerk , the forest policeman , and the agricultural extension agent ) , there are additional contradictions .
at the lowest levels of the government machinery ( the village clerk , the forest policeman , and the agricultural extension agent ) , there are [more] contradictions .

Using a NiCad 24-hour rechargeable battery , the camera can be used both indoors and outdoors without the need for cables , film , development or additional memory storage .
using a nicad 24-hour rechargeable battery , the camera can be used both indoors and outdoors without the need for cables , film , development or [more] memory storage .

Nothing came of it until 1968 , by which time Larner had achieved additional fame as speech-writer for the anti-war Democrat Senator Eugene McCarthy , as he made his challenge against Lyndon Johnson for the Democratic presidential nomination .
nothing came of it until 1968 , by which time larner had achieved [more] fame as speech-writer for the anti-war democrat senator eugene mccarthy , as he made his challenge against lyndon johnson for the democratic presidential nomination .

Those born between 1987–88 can expect to live an additional twenty years .
those born between 1987–88 can expect to live an [more] twenty years .

Other allowances include the ‘ additional personal allowance ’ granted to single parents to raise their allowance to the level of a married man .
other allowances include the ‘ [more] personal allowance ’ granted to single parents to raise their allowance to the level of a married man .

Social policy has traditionally recognised the additional costs incurred by families with children through the tax and social security systems , although whether or not this has occurred in practice is the subject of dispute .
social policy has traditionally recognised the [more] costs incurred by families with children through the tax and social security systems , although whether or not this has occurred in practice is the subject of dispute .

( 1989 ) acknowledge the reality of these problems for their theory and present additional features of the connectionist model that might allow it to accommodate the findings .
( 1989 ) acknowledge the reality of these problems for their theory and present [more] features of the connectionist model that might allow it to accommodate the findings .

The first of these accounts actually requires the additional assumption that associability declines during pre-exposure .
the first of these accounts actually requires the [more] assumption that associability declines during pre-exposure .

As we discussed at the meeting on May 17 1989 , it would be extremely helpful if you could look for places where captions carrying additional information could appear at the foot of the screen and write the caption .
as we discussed at the meeting on may 17 1989 , it would be extremely helpful if you could look for places where captions carrying [more] information could appear at the foot of the screen and write the caption .

Canvassing on his behalf appears to have indicated , however , that many MPs would remain loyal to the Prime Minister in a first ballot , switching only in a second when , of course , there might be additional candidates .
canvassing on his behalf appears to have indicated , however , that many mps would remain loyal to the prime minister in a first ballot , switching only in a second when , of course , there might be [more] candidates .

The non-metropolitan districts had the additional advantage of being able to portray themselves as the victims of county councils spending heavily in one of their own non-election years .
the non-metropolitan districts had the [more] advantage of being able to portray themselves as the victims of county councils spending heavily in one of their own non-election years .

The estimated costs which will be borne by the Parliamentary Works Office ( a government agency ) for changes in accommodation , lighting , wiring , the creation of a television archive , and for additional staff total £594,000 .
the estimated costs which will be borne by the parliamentary works office ( a government agency ) for changes in accommodation , lighting , wiring , the creation of a television archive , and for [more] staff total £594,000 .

Cameras mounted on tripods proved intrusive and cumbersome ; some chairmen and others have complained about the strong lighting , although most Members seem to have found the level tolerable ; discomfort has been experienced as a result of additional heat and difficulties with ventilation ( always a problem in summer , as those who have worked in the committee rooms or attended meetings there will confirm ) ; and the sound system has not worked well .
cameras mounted on tripods proved intrusive and cumbersome ; some chairmen and others have complained about the strong lighting , although most members seem to have found the level tolerable ; discomfort has been experienced as a result of [more] heat and difficulties with ventilation ( always a problem in summer , as those who have worked in the committee rooms or attended meetings there will confirm ) ; and the sound system has not worked well .

The United Nations Environment Programme has predicted 600,000 additional skin cancers and up to three million more cataracts if there is a sustained 20 per cent loss of ozone .
the united nations environment programme has predicted 600,000 [more] skin cancers and up to three million more cataracts if there is a sustained 20 per cent loss of ozone .

The 45 grammar schools among them face the additional threat of comprehensive reorganisation , or closure .
the 45 grammar schools among them face the [more] threat of comprehensive reorganisation , or closure .

The party has already accepted the committee 's recommendation that a devolved Scottish Parliament should be elected by the additional member system of proportional representation .
the party has already accepted the committee 's recommendation that a devolved scottish parliament should be elected by the [more] member system of proportional representation .

The Additional Member System is used in Germany , with a five per cent threshold intended to exclude tiny , extreme parties .
the [more] member system is used in germany , with a five per cent threshold intended to exclude tiny , extreme parties .

Tips are an obvious source of additional income , although porters must be careful not to solicit them .
tips are an obvious source of [more] income , although porters must be careful not to solicit them .

‘ Married couples receive an additional allowance of £1,720 , which rises to £2,465 for those aged 65 or more and £2,505 for those aged 75 or more .
‘ married couples receive an [more] allowance of £1,720 , which rises to £2,465 for those aged 65 or more and £2,505 for those aged 75 or more .

The club paid £100,000 in February , and must pay an additional £800,000 to make the transfer permanent .
the club paid £100,000 in february , and must pay an [more] £800,000 to make the transfer permanent .

Yet his higher taxes will finance only the £6½ billion of additional spending in his ‘ shadow ’ Budget .
yet his higher taxes will finance only the £6½ billion of [more] spending in his ‘ shadow ’ budget .

But after his first shot , Mr Smith will find it virtually impossible to raise much additional revenue from the better-off .
but after his first shot , mr smith will find it virtually impossible to raise much [more] revenue from the better-off .

Brewers may add sugar to encourage a strong secondary fermentation and also additional hops to give the finished beer a pleasant hoppy aroma .
brewers may add sugar to encourage a strong secondary fermentation and also [more] hops to give the finished beer a pleasant hoppy aroma .

He puts 3.3 kilos in at the start of the copper boil for Best Bitter and an additional 1.5 kilos at the end .
he puts 3.3 kilos in at the start of the copper boil for best bitter and an [more] 1.5 kilos at the end .

Normally , they need not additional support , but you must take care to ensure that the position is between joists , and that there is sufficient clearance above the light to prevent overheating .
normally , they need not [more] support , but you must take care to ensure that the position is between joists , and that there is sufficient clearance above the light to prevent overheating .

While it is hard-wearing and safe , rubber-covered cable has the additional benefits of being very flexible and resistant to kinking in use .
while it is hard-wearing and safe , rubber-covered cable has the [more] benefits of being very flexible and resistant to kinking in use .

Additional 12mm diameter cutting bits are available for £6.50 each if ordered at the same time as the Wallchaser .
[more] 12mm diameter cutting bits are available for £6.50 each if ordered at the same time as the wallchaser .

The Shotector has an easily accessible Test/Reset button to give you additional peace of mind each time you use it .
the shotector has an easily accessible test/reset button to give you [more] peace of mind each time you use it .

Another major advantage over the thinner types of cladding is that they provide additional insulation to exterior walls ( which can be augmented by fixing them over an extra layer of insulation ) .
another major advantage over the thinner types of cladding is that they provide [more] insulation to exterior walls ( which can be augmented by fixing them over an extra layer of insulation ) .

To compensate for these temporary speed restrictions additional ‘ recovery ’ time is added to daytime schedules .
to compensate for these temporary speed restrictions [more] ‘ recovery ’ time is added to daytime schedules .

The lot of the Great Northern manager was eased in November by the reopening of an additional suburban platform ( No 11 ) at King 's Cross .
the lot of the great northern manager was eased in november by the reopening of an [more] suburban platform ( no 11 ) at king 's cross .

While the costs of maintaining the closed route will be saved , these may be offset by the need to deploy additional resources because of the extra time required to send trains via the diversionary route .
while the costs of maintaining the closed route will be saved , these may be offset by the need to deploy [more] resources because of the extra time required to send trains via the diversionary route .

At the very minimum they must have been made on the basis of a police guarantee that matters would be manipulated so that courts would not impose additional punishment for the illusory offences . And why should any criminal have co-operated in this process of falsification unless an inducement had been on offer ?
at the very minimum they must have been made on the basis of a police guarantee that matters would be manipulated so that courts would not impose [more] punishment for the illusory offences . and why should any criminal have co-operated in this process of falsification unless an inducement had been on offer ?

It is worth pointing out — as did Dr Akena Adoko in his book on the Jeffrey Archer trial — that there may have been an additional development in the folkways of the juryroom : the frequent practice of the rich ( the typical plaintiffs ) to pass on their damages to charity , as did Mr Archer , might act as an additional , and self-legitimating , incentive to take awards through the ceiling .
it is worth pointing out — as did dr akena adoko in his book on the jeffrey archer trial — that there may have been an [more] development in the folkways of the juryroom : the frequent practice of the rich ( the typical plaintiffs ) to pass on their damages to charity , as did mr archer , might act as an [more] , and self-legitimating , incentive to take awards through the ceiling .

For many older people , income is so low that they have to claim additional means-tested benefits such as income support , housing benefit and community charge ( poll tax ) benefit .
for many older people , income is so low that they have to claim [more] means-tested benefits such as income support , housing benefit and community charge ( poll tax ) benefit .

Additional contributions by
[more] contributions by

The pack includes a discussion paper and seminar report on issues related to markets in social care ; plus additional materials , including journal articles and specimen contracts and service agreements .
the pack includes a discussion paper and seminar report on issues related to markets in social care ; plus [more] materials , including journal articles and specimen contracts and service agreements .

David Blunkett , another member of the national executive , told a conference fringe rally organised by the soft-left Labour Coordinating Committee that Labour would have to find additional funds for its social programme by cutting £9.5bn from defence spending over five years , and raising the level of taxation on the rich .
david blunkett , another member of the national executive , told a conference fringe rally organised by the soft-left labour coordinating committee that labour would have to find [more] funds for its social programme by cutting £9.5bn from defence spending over five years , and raising the level of taxation on the rich .

Supposedly acting as a healing herb , it presumably also heats the needle to give an additional , soothing effect .
supposedly acting as a healing herb , it presumably also heats the needle to give an [more] , soothing effect .

If this is not the case and the core is affected by an additional external field , a small change takes place in the output .
if this is not the case and the core is affected by an [more] external field , a small change takes place in the output .

As an additional benefit , the closed magnetic circuit of a toroidal core greatly reduces the drive requirements to produce saturation levels , simplifying the circuitry need by the system .
as an [more] benefit , the closed magnetic circuit of a toroidal core greatly reduces the drive requirements to produce saturation levels , simplifying the circuitry need by the system .

An additional advantage of the ring core is that it will accept more than one overwound pickup coil and they have different orientations to the external magnetic field .
an [more] advantage of the ring core is that it will accept more than one overwound pickup coil and they have different orientations to the external magnetic field .

To complement the published series , Howard Hutchings has written additional chapters on D-to-A and A-to-D conversion , waveform synthesis and audio special effects , including echo and reverberation .
to complement the published series , howard hutchings has written [more] chapters on d-to-a and a-to-d conversion , waveform synthesis and audio special effects , including echo and reverberation .

However after successful joining of an additional length , the task was completed on the November 13 , 1851 .
however after successful joining of an [more] length , the task was completed on the november 13 , 1851 .

Rodgers knows there is a long way to go before the big one in December , but he has the makings of a strong , hard pack and the chance of additional talent behind them providing injury does not intervene .
rodgers knows there is a long way to go before the big one in december , but he has the makings of a strong , hard pack and the chance of [more] talent behind them providing injury does not intervene .

Britain first supplied Blowpipes to the guerrillas in 1986 and since then there have been no reports of additional supplies .
britain first supplied blowpipes to the guerrillas in 1986 and since then there have been no reports of [more] supplies .

The additional exercises certainly led to a greater use of patterns made by the dancers rolling or posturing over and on the floor .
the [more] exercises certainly led to a greater use of patterns made by the dancers rolling or posturing over and on the floor .

The campaign has been given additional clout this weekend , with referees under instruction to dismiss instantly anyone guilty of head-high tackles on or off the ball , and not to send them to the sin-bin where they have gone too often in the past .
the campaign has been given [more] clout this weekend , with referees under instruction to dismiss instantly anyone guilty of head-high tackles on or off the ball , and not to send them to the sin-bin where they have gone too often in the past .

‘ Assuming some progress in resolving the debt crisis , ’ Mr Grant says , ‘ then even a 5 per cent or a 10 per cent diversion of military spending could provide the additional $50 billion or so each year which is needed to end absolute poverty on the planet within the next 10 years . ’
‘ assuming some progress in resolving the debt crisis , ’ mr grant says , ‘ then even a 5 per cent or a 10 per cent diversion of military spending could provide the [more] $50 billion or so each year which is needed to end absolute poverty on the planet within the next 10 years . ’

If your income is above £54.80 a week , 70 per cent of the additional amount is cut from the set payments .
if your income is above £54.80 a week , 70 per cent of the [more] amount is cut from the set payments .

However to attract parents and others to invest on behalf of the child the initial investment is £50 , with additional payments of £25 or a monthly savings plan of £10 .
however to attract parents and others to invest on behalf of the child the initial investment is £50 , with [more] payments of £25 or a monthly savings plan of £10 .

He has appreciated the freedom to develop his work , the experience of dealing with everything from factory floor practicalities to board-room presentations , and the additional training which is 10 per cent of any scheme programme .
he has appreciated the freedom to develop his work , the experience of dealing with everything from factory floor practicalities to board-room presentations , and the [more] training which is 10 per cent of any scheme programme .

The letter allegedly offered additional guarantees to BAe beyond any final contract .
the letter allegedly offered [more] guarantees to bae beyond any final contract .

Staff would have new opportunities to gain additional skills and benefit from greater flexibility .
staff would have new opportunities to gain [more] skills and benefit from greater flexibility .

If your income is above £54.80 a week , 70 per cent of the additional amount is cut from the set payments .
if your income is above £54.80 a week , 70 per cent of the [more] amount is cut from the set payments .

However to attract parents and others to invest on behalf of the child the initial investment is £50 , with additional payments of £25 or a monthly savings plan of £10 .
however to attract parents and others to invest on behalf of the child the initial investment is £50 , with [more] payments of £25 or a monthly savings plan of £10 .

However to attract parents and others to invest on behalf of the child the initial investment is £50 , with additional payments of £25 or a monthly savings plan of £10 .
however to attract parents and others to invest on behalf of the child the initial investment is £50 , with [more] payments of £25 or a monthly savings plan of £10 .

He has appreciated the freedom to develop his work , the experience of dealing with everything from factory floor practicalities to board-room presentations , and the additional training which is 10 per cent of any scheme programme .
he has appreciated the freedom to develop his work , the experience of dealing with everything from factory floor practicalities to board-room presentations , and the [more] training which is 10 per cent of any scheme programme .

Thijs Lijbregts , who took over from Rinus Michels after Holland won the European Championship , has the additional pressure of managing one of the fancied teams while his best player , Ruud Gullit , is struggling to recover from a knee injury that has so far necessitated four operations and is threatening his career .
thijs lijbregts , who took over from rinus michels after holland won the european championship , has the [more] pressure of managing one of the fancied teams while his best player , ruud gullit , is struggling to recover from a knee injury that has so far necessitated four operations and is threatening his career .

It was probably intended to rebuild on a grander scale with an additional floor , but the work was curtailed , and the extra floor not added .
it was probably intended to rebuild on a grander scale with an [more] floor , but the work was curtailed , and the extra floor not added .

The main mill was rebuilt , additional buildings erected and modern machinery , such as shearing frames , installed , power being provided by a pair of water wheels .
the main mill was rebuilt , [more] buildings erected and modern machinery , such as shearing frames , installed , power being provided by a pair of water wheels .

Where the public lack of confidence focuses on teaching competence and it 's justified then all steps possible should be taken to provide additional training and guidance .
where the public lack of confidence focuses on teaching competence and it 's justified then all steps possible should be taken to provide [more] training and guidance .

Extra-curricular activities , sports , drama , music , chess clubs , gym club etc all improve the chances of making every child a winner , boosting self-image and giving reason for celebrating plus the additional spin off of enhancement of the school 's reputation .
extra-curricular activities , sports , drama , music , chess clubs , gym club etc all improve the chances of making every child a winner , boosting self-image and giving reason for celebrating plus the [more] spin off of enhancement of the school 's reputation .

It 's a public statement and , if attractive enough and widely distributed , will win additional pupils to the school .
it 's a public statement and , if attractive enough and widely distributed , will win [more] pupils to the school .

There is also a great danger that the school will create unrealistic expectations , for example , raising money for an additional computer will not substantially increase the ‘ hands on ’ experience for every child .
there is also a great danger that the school will create unrealistic expectations , for example , raising money for an [more] computer will not substantially increase the ‘ hands on ’ experience for every child .

Traditionally parents , through direct appeals or through a parents ' organisation have provided additional funds for ‘ extras ’ for the children and the school .
traditionally parents , through direct appeals or through a parents ' organisation have provided [more] funds for ‘ extras ’ for the children and the school .

These parents are the decision makers and have the power to tap into the resources of their companies to provide schools with additional funds , materials and use of resources such as company mini-buses etc .
these parents are the decision makers and have the power to tap into the resources of their companies to provide schools with [more] funds , materials and use of resources such as company mini-buses etc .

One way of ensuring a fairer distribution of additional resources is for schools to work together on joint fund raising .
one way of ensuring a fairer distribution of [more] resources is for schools to work together on joint fund raising .

Lettings of halls and classrooms to clubs and classes are useful ways of generating additional funding .
lettings of halls and classrooms to clubs and classes are useful ways of generating [more] funding .

For Peckham , like many researchers , there is the additional concern that it may bring people more anxiety than help .
for peckham , like many researchers , there is the [more] concern that it may bring people more anxiety than help .

As the season did not begin until Christmas , this meant that they would be away considerably longer than originally intended , and so permission for additional leave of absence was sought from the Archbishop .
as the season did not begin until christmas , this meant that they would be away considerably longer than originally intended , and so permission for [more] leave of absence was sought from the archbishop .

( 2 January 1773 ) Despite these first-night upsets Lucio Silla ( 15 ) succeeded to such an extent that the second opera , which was to have begun on 23 January , was put back in order to allow for additional performances ( 26 in all ) .
( 2 january 1773 ) despite these first-night upsets lucio silla ( 15 ) succeeded to such an extent that the second opera , which was to have begun on 23 january , was put back in order to allow for [more] performances ( 26 in all ) .

Mozart was immediately engaged to write some additional choruses for a Miserere by the Mannheim Kapellmeister , Ignaz Holzbauer , for performance at the Concert Spirituel , because :
mozart was immediately engaged to write some [more] choruses for a miserere by the mannheim kapellmeister , ignaz holzbauer , for performance at the concert spirituel , because :

Having fully expected his son to return without making any additional stops , Leopold was again let down .
having fully expected his son to return without making any [more] stops , leopold was again let down .

Abnormalities , both mental and physical , may originate from the presence of additional chromosomes , or because the chromosomes of either or both parents are incompatible .
abnormalities , both mental and physical , may originate from the presence of [more] chromosomes , or because the chromosomes of either or both parents are incompatible .

This is caused by the presence of an additional chromosome ; normal human cells contain forty-six chromosomes , and Down 's babies have forty-seven from the moment of conception .
this is caused by the presence of an [more] chromosome ; normal human cells contain forty-six chromosomes , and down 's babies have forty-seven from the moment of conception .

The handicap is caused by a chromosomal abnormality which basically means that there is an additional chromosome in the cells .
the handicap is caused by a chromosomal abnormality which basically means that there is an [more] chromosome in the cells .

The mentally handicapped spastic will require all the additional educational efforts needed for more able-bodied mentally handicapped people , plus additional help to cope with their physical handicap .
the mentally handicapped spastic will require all the [more] educational efforts needed for more able-bodied mentally handicapped people , plus [more] help to cope with their physical handicap .

Most normal schools provide a smattering of social education but a special school will concentrate far more fully on these additional educational needs .
most normal schools provide a smattering of social education but a special school will concentrate far more fully on these [more] educational needs .

These additional educational requirements are considered essential rather than beneficial for mentally handicapped children .
these [more] educational requirements are considered essential rather than beneficial for mentally handicapped children .

They are not foolproof ; they carry additional risks to the health of the child ; and are capable of detecting only certain types of handicap , at present mainly chromosomal disorders and malformations of the central nervous system which give rise to spina bifida ( now largely a physical rather than mental handicap ) and hydrocephalus .
they are not foolproof ; they carry [more] risks to the health of the child ; and are capable of detecting only certain types of handicap , at present mainly chromosomal disorders and malformations of the central nervous system which give rise to spina bifida ( now largely a physical rather than mental handicap ) and hydrocephalus .

If the mother objects to abortion on moral or religious grounds , the tests are virtually pointless , and certainly not worth the additional risks that they raise .
if the mother objects to abortion on moral or religious grounds , the tests are virtually pointless , and certainly not worth the [more] risks that they raise .

In practice , of course , there may be additional obstacles in obtaining either the screening facilities or planning for the abortion .
in practice , of course , there may be [more] obstacles in obtaining either the screening facilities or planning for the abortion .

The additional strain may in the end be more rewarding , more life-enhancing than one would ever have felt possible .
the [more] strain may in the end be more rewarding , more life-enhancing than one would ever have felt possible .

The government was urged to provide funds for the training of staff and additional support for dealing with the more difficult pupils .
the government was urged to provide funds for the training of staff and [more] support for dealing with the more difficult pupils .

be ready to make informed guesses , and to correct themselves in the light of additional information , eg by reading ahead or looking back in the text ;
be ready to make informed guesses , and to correct themselves in the light of [more] information , eg by reading ahead or looking back in the text ;

There are 14,500 national members belonging to 343 branches , which have an additional 21,000 branch members .
there are 14,500 national members belonging to 343 branches , which have an [more] 21,000 branch members .

This group was started by some mothers who worked who felt that they would like to meet other working mums , who have their own additional set of problems .
this group was started by some mothers who worked who felt that they would like to meet other working mums , who have their own [more] set of problems .

There are 14,500 national members belonging to 343 branches , which have an additional 21,000 branch members .
there are 14,500 national members belonging to 343 branches , which have an [more] 21,000 branch members .

There are 14,500 national members belonging to 343 branches , which have an additional 21,000 branch members .
there are 14,500 national members belonging to 343 branches , which have an [more] 21,000 branch members .

There are 14,500 national members belonging to 343 branches , which have an additional 21,000 branch members .
there are 14,500 national members belonging to 343 branches , which have an [more] 21,000 branch members .

To take the garbage pickers on at this rate would increase their costs and would bring about the additional cost of security benefits .
to take the garbage pickers on at this rate would increase their costs and would bring about the [more] cost of security benefits .

He used to think five was enough , but acquired an additional one after Raymond wisecracked , ‘ If that 's the charcoal grey worsted , it must be Tuesday .
he used to think five was enough , but acquired an [more] one after raymond wisecracked , ‘ if that 's the charcoal grey worsted , it must be tuesday .

According to them , to accept the legitimacy of an authority is simply to accept that whatever other reasons there may be for a certain action , its being required by the authority is an additional reason for its performance .
according to them , to accept the legitimacy of an authority is simply to accept that whatever other reasons there may be for a certain action , its being required by the authority is an [more] reason for its performance .

Inasmuch as that additional reason may tip the balance one can perhaps over-dramatize the situation by saying that an authoritative requirement is a reason to act against the balance of reasons on the merits of the case .
inasmuch as that [more] reason may tip the balance one can perhaps over-dramatize the situation by saying that an authoritative requirement is a reason to act against the balance of reasons on the merits of the case .

This means no more than that the authoritative requirement is an additional factor .
this means no more than that the authoritative requirement is an [more] factor .

When considering the weight or strength of the reasons for an action , the reasons for the rule can not be added to the rule itself as additional reasons .
when considering the weight or strength of the reasons for an action , the reasons for the rule can not be added to the rule itself as [more] reasons .

Contrariwise , whenever one takes a rule or a directive as a reason one can not add to it as additional independent factors the reasons which justify it .
contrariwise , whenever one takes a rule or a directive as a reason one can not add to it as [more] independent factors the reasons which justify it .

The pre-emption thesis helps explain one additional respect in which the no difference thesis is wrong .
the pre-emption thesis helps explain one [more] respect in which the no difference thesis is wrong .

It does not claim that the reasons which are supposed to be displaced by authoritative instructions are not replaced by them but should count as additional independent reasons alongside the instructions .
it does not claim that the reasons which are supposed to be displaced by authoritative instructions are not replaced by them but should count as [more] independent reasons alongside the instructions .

What is wrong with regarding an authoritative directive as one additional prima facie reason for the action it directs , which supplements , rather than supplants , the other reasons for and against that action ?
what is wrong with regarding an authoritative directive as one [more] prima facie reason for the action it directs , which supplements , rather than supplants , the other reasons for and against that action ?

Since it gives one an additional reason to respect authoritative directives it affects all one 's encounters with authority .
since it gives one an [more] reason to respect authoritative directives it affects all one 's encounters with authority .

Over a period of twenty years it is claimed that a fast reactor could breed enough additional plutonium to fuel another similar power station .
over a period of twenty years it is claimed that a fast reactor could breed enough [more] plutonium to fuel another similar power station .

It became the biggest local employer , with a basic work-force of about 1,500 , and numerous additional contractors constantly in demand .
it became the biggest local employer , with a basic work-force of about 1,500 , and numerous [more] contractors constantly in demand .

An additional impetus to Welsh opposition was the simple equation that further development at Hinkley Point meant even fewer jobs in the coal mines .
an [more] impetus to welsh opposition was the simple equation that further development at hinkley point meant even fewer jobs in the coal mines .

In spite of this welcome additional warmth , we slept fully dressed .
in spite of this welcome [more] warmth , we slept fully dressed .

At the end of 1988 the Home Secretary promised an additional 1,230 officers for 1989/90 .
at the end of 1988 the home secretary promised an [more] 1,230 officers for 1989/90 .

The criteria are the same as before , so the desire to pursue still further the questioning of the suspect may be enough to justify the court 's sanction for this additional detention .
the criteria are the same as before , so the desire to pursue still further the questioning of the suspect may be enough to justify the court 's sanction for this [more] detention .

Apart from these weaknesses , the Government has seen fit to deny an additional safeguard which might have been presumed to operate .
apart from these weaknesses , the government has seen fit to deny an [more] safeguard which might have been presumed to operate .

Now you must design an additional five feet all around ( shaded portion ) , this will be seen by persons in the stalls etc. , or in the side stalls .
now you must design an [more] five feet all around ( shaded portion ) , this will be seen by persons in the stalls etc. , or in the side stalls .

If , we reasoned , there really is a morphogen gradient , it should be possible to weaken the signal by decreasing the concentration , and so , instead of getting an additional set of digits 4 , 3 , 2 at the anterior margin only a 3 , 2 or a 2 should develop .
if , we reasoned , there really is a morphogen gradient , it should be possible to weaken the signal by decreasing the concentration , and so , instead of getting an [more] set of digits 4 , 3 , 2 at the anterior margin only a 3 , 2 or a 2 should develop .

As the dose of X-rays was increased , so the pattern of additional digits changed from 4 , 3 , 2 to 3 , 2 to 2 .
as the dose of x-rays was increased , so the pattern of [more] digits changed from 4 , 3 , 2 to 3 , 2 to 2 .

If a piece of tissue is taken from the posterior margin of a mouse limb bud and grafted into the anterior region of a chick limb bud , it too can specify additional digits , but the digits are , of course , chick digits .
if a piece of tissue is taken from the posterior margin of a mouse limb bud and grafted into the anterior region of a chick limb bud , it too can specify [more] digits , but the digits are , of course , chick digits .

For example , the polarizing region from the leg will produce extra digits , and a wing-polarizing region in the leg will specify additional toes .
for example , the polarizing region from the leg will produce extra digits , and a wing-polarizing region in the leg will specify [more] toes .

Additional benefits of tree-lined streams , in reducing the effects of nitrates and phosphates in the water and in shading out the choking growth of summer weed in a river bed , which may otherwise necessitate further expensive dredging , have been recognized by Dutch and German scientists for over a decade .
[more] benefits of tree-lined streams , in reducing the effects of nitrates and phosphates in the water and in shading out the choking growth of summer weed in a river bed , which may otherwise necessitate further expensive dredging , have been recognized by dutch and german scientists for over a decade .

But if in the maintained schools teachers become more like civil servants , this will afford an additional motive for many parents to move into the independent sector , valuing as many do the overall moral and social responsibility for their pupils that such schools assume .
but if in the maintained schools teachers become more like civil servants , this will afford an [more] motive for many parents to move into the independent sector , valuing as many do the overall moral and social responsibility for their pupils that such schools assume .

Quilting was also used underneath mail and metal armour , as an additional defence layer and as padding for comfort against chafing .
quilting was also used underneath mail and metal armour , as an [more] defence layer and as padding for comfort against chafing .

For additional strength , mail coats were constructed from patches of four links to one .
for [more] strength , mail coats were constructed from patches of four links to one .

They run the Gondola in the summer months too , which provides an additional worry that groups of sweet little old ladies in overcoats , support tights and patent shoes , could find themselves wandering aimlessly on top of a mountain over 4,000 feet high , without any concept of the dangers .
they run the gondola in the summer months too , which provides an [more] worry that groups of sweet little old ladies in overcoats , support tights and patent shoes , could find themselves wandering aimlessly on top of a mountain over 4,000 feet high , without any concept of the dangers .

But most important of all , as Edmund Blunden observed , ‘ The training he had undergone meant an additional quickness and rightness in his observation as a general habit , which was so valuable a resource in his novels and his other writings ; the singularities and visible strange histories of ancient buildings impressed on him , still young , the analogous unexpectedness and incongruity of the fabric of human affairs .
but most important of all , as edmund blunden observed , ‘ the training he had undergone meant an [more] quickness and rightness in his observation as a general habit , which was so valuable a resource in his novels and his other writings ; the singularities and visible strange histories of ancient buildings impressed on him , still young , the analogous unexpectedness and incongruity of the fabric of human affairs .

This makes it easier to add additional sockets , which are likely to cost in excess of £30 per point .
this makes it easier to add [more] sockets , which are likely to cost in excess of £30 per point .

Check the number and position of points and allow for your additional requirements ; check the lighting points and allow for extras and alterations in your costs .
check the number and position of points and allow for your [more] requirements ; check the lighting points and allow for extras and alterations in your costs .

Register Office , as for The Rational , but with the following additional extras : parents of bride and groom ( if living ) ; blessing in church afterwards ( if either spouse already divorced , or if neither party can agree on going the whole way in a church wedding ) ; any children born pre-union can also be baptised in a job lot , along with the blessing ; more guests and consequently , bigger knees-up at the couple 's home ( or even in a hired room ; marquees are not supplied with this model ) .
register office , as for the rational , but with the following [more] extras : parents of bride and groom ( if living ) ; blessing in church afterwards ( if either spouse already divorced , or if neither party can agree on going the whole way in a church wedding ) ; any children born pre-union can also be baptised in a job lot , along with the blessing ; more guests and consequently , bigger knees-up at the couple 's home ( or even in a hired room ; marquees are not supplied with this model ) .

Their civil year consisted of twelve months , each of thirty days , with five additional days at the end of each year , making 365 in all .
their civil year consisted of twelve months , each of thirty days , with five [more] days at the end of each year , making 365 in all .

The Social Fund replaced the previous system of additional and urgent needs allowances and grants , which had been an area of supplementary benefit responsive to demand and welfare rights pressure .
the social fund replaced the previous system of [more] and urgent needs allowances and grants , which had been an area of supplementary benefit responsive to demand and welfare rights pressure .

The solution to the complexities of the system and the growing complexity of case law adjudication was to abolish the notion of additional allowances completely , replacing them with loans from a limited budget and no right to independent appeal .
the solution to the complexities of the system and the growing complexity of case law adjudication was to abolish the notion of [more] allowances completely , replacing them with loans from a limited budget and no right to independent appeal .

Comparative figures for 1990 have been restated to reflect additional information received and the 1990 figures in the audited accounts .
comparative figures for 1990 have been restated to reflect [more] information received and the 1990 figures in the audited accounts .

And now that we have snatched trendy World Cup in Waterford crystal from under the very proper nose of the Englishmen , we have won an additional right to talk about it .
and now that we have snatched trendy world cup in waterford crystal from under the very proper nose of the englishmen , we have won an [more] right to talk about it .

If you have a car then you have greater flexibility , but sometimes additional problems .
if you have a car then you have greater flexibility , but sometimes [more] problems .

Secondary double glazing , by which means additional window frames are fixed into fitments inside your existing windows , is not prohibitively expensive .
secondary double glazing , by which means [more] window frames are fixed into fitments inside your existing windows , is not prohibitively expensive .

Widow 's bereavement allowance ( additional to the single person 's allowance for two years after husband 's death . Widowers do not obtain this benefit , merely a tax repayment if their wife was working up until her death ) £1590
widow 's bereavement allowance ( [more] to the single person 's allowance for two years after husband 's death . widowers do not obtain this benefit , merely a tax repayment if their wife was working up until her death ) £1590

Where you keep the major portion of your money also depends upon what additional services you are like to require from your ‘ bank ’ .
where you keep the major portion of your money also depends upon what [more] services you are like to require from your ‘ bank ’ .

In accordance with the terms of the European Convention the Act provides additional safeguards for four categories of what are called sensitive data ; these are information about the data subject relating to racial origin , political opinions or religious beliefs , physical or mental health or sexual life , and criminal convictions .
in accordance with the terms of the european convention the act provides [more] safeguards for four categories of what are called sensitive data ; these are information about the data subject relating to racial origin , political opinions or religious beliefs , physical or mental health or sexual life , and criminal convictions .

The Home Secretary has power to modify or supplement the data protection principles to provide additional safeguards for these categories ; it will be interesting to see what these additional regulations will contain .
the home secretary has power to modify or supplement the data protection principles to provide [more] safeguards for these categories ; it will be interesting to see what these [more] regulations will contain .

In medical terminology the proembryo is often referred to as ‘ conceptus ’ , which , by referring to a past rather than a future event , has the additional advantage of neutrality .
in medical terminology the proembryo is often referred to as ‘ conceptus ’ , which , by referring to a past rather than a future event , has the [more] advantage of neutrality .

The additional use of the metaphor of the uterus as incubator is comparable to the ‘ Rent-a-Womb ’ heading of the tabloids .
the [more] use of the metaphor of the uterus as incubator is comparable to the ‘ rent-a-womb ’ heading of the tabloids .

Apart from inefficiency and vast costs , nuclear power has two additional threats : accidents and radioactive waste .
apart from inefficiency and vast costs , nuclear power has two [more] threats : accidents and radioactive waste .

Opportunity for the interviewee to ask additional questions
opportunity for the interviewee to ask [more] questions

Talking too much has the additional disadvantage that you may end up revealing more than you intended , especially if you do not want to draw attention to a lack of relevant expertise , or a past unhappy work experience .
talking too much has the [more] disadvantage that you may end up revealing more than you intended , especially if you do not want to draw attention to a lack of relevant expertise , or a past unhappy work experience .

Additional points if you are redundant or long-term unemployed
[more] points if you are redundant or long-term unemployed

If you have been made redundant or have been unemployed for a long time you have two additional problems to overcome .
if you have been made redundant or have been unemployed for a long time you have two [more] problems to overcome .

The panel will consist of a chairman and two or more additional people who are there because they have a particular area of expertise or responsibility .
the panel will consist of a chairman and two or more [more] people who are there because they have a particular area of expertise or responsibility .

Training Type of training ( college , part-time , night school , etc. ) , courses taken ( including apprenticeships , articles , etc. ) , professional qualifications achieved and dates , membership of professional bodies ( if so , which level ) , additional skills/training , for example , foreign languages , specific machinery .
training type of training ( college , part-time , night school , etc. ) , courses taken ( including apprenticeships , articles , etc. ) , professional qualifications achieved and dates , membership of professional bodies ( if so , which level ) , [more] skills/training , for example , foreign languages , specific machinery .

When you are satisfied with your interview structure take a copy for each candidate and keep it with their application form and the additional questions which arose from it .
when you are satisfied with your interview structure take a copy for each candidate and keep it with their application form and the [more] questions which arose from it .

What additional training have you had while working ?
what [more] training have you had while working ?

Head a sheet of paper with the date and time of your meeting and make two columns , one for your essential objectives , the other of additional aims , which are desirable but not actually essential .
head a sheet of paper with the date and time of your meeting and make two columns , one for your essential objectives , the other of [more] aims , which are desirable but not actually essential .

Additional points for consultation with your doctor
[more] points for consultation with your doctor

As well as defining what you want and making a list of questions there are several additional steps you can take to ensure you get the best possible results from your appointment with a general practitioner .
as well as defining what you want and making a list of questions there are several [more] steps you can take to ensure you get the best possible results from your appointment with a general practitioner .

Additional points for interviews for solicitors
[more] points for interviews for solicitors

Additional points for interviews with bank managers
[more] points for interviews with bank managers

Foods such as sugar , salt , spices , fat and alcohol can therefore aggravate a cellulite condition by cluttering up the system with additional waste matter that is poorly eliminated .
foods such as sugar , salt , spices , fat and alcohol can therefore aggravate a cellulite condition by cluttering up the system with [more] waste matter that is poorly eliminated .

For additional support contact :
for [more] support contact :

Additional information and advice
[more] information and advice

The birth of a baby results in some loss of intimacy in marriage , a loss of space at home , a loss of time to oneself , and a loss of physical and financial resources to manage additional demands and responsibilities .
the birth of a baby results in some loss of intimacy in marriage , a loss of space at home , a loss of time to oneself , and a loss of physical and financial resources to manage [more] demands and responsibilities .

The accounts are , as usual , contradictory , but according to the fullest account de Tourville next despatched nine of his ships back to Brest to collect additional troops , who were to be transported across the Channel in shallow-draught galleys , collected from the Mediterranean , with a mere two feet [ 0.6 m ] of freeboard between waterline and deck .
the accounts are , as usual , contradictory , but according to the fullest account de tourville next despatched nine of his ships back to brest to collect [more] troops , who were to be transported across the channel in shallow-draught galleys , collected from the mediterranean , with a mere two feet [ 0.6 m ] of freeboard between waterline and deck .

The numbers under his command had grown since he bad re-crossed the Border , with the accession of some additional clans and the arrival of 800 men , Scots and Irish formerly in the French service , including two squadrons of horse , who had landed at Montrose on 22 November .
the numbers under his command had grown since he bad re-crossed the border , with the accession of some [more] clans and the arrival of 800 men , scots and irish formerly in the french service , including two squadrons of horse , who had landed at montrose on 22 november .

His artillery , standard three-pounder [ 1.4-kg ] guns , was arranged in five pairs between the various front-line regiments , with some additional guns and Coehorn mortars set on high ground to the rear and to the left .
his artillery , standard three-pounder [ 1.4-kg ] guns , was arranged in five pairs between the various front-line regiments , with some [more] guns and coehorn mortars set on high ground to the rear and to the left .

Last week Thomson announced it was adding an additional 80,000 discounted holidays to its Price Breakers programme .
last week thomson announced it was adding an [more] 80,000 discounted holidays to its price breakers programme .

This will mean additional advertising costs as well as the extra costs involved in preparing new labels , brochures and price lists .
this will mean [more] advertising costs as well as the extra costs involved in preparing new labels , brochures and price lists .

Although it is possible to ‘ hedge ’ against this risk by operating on the ‘ forward ’ market , this involves traders in additional costs which would not exist if exchange rates were fixed .
although it is possible to ‘ hedge ’ against this risk by operating on the ‘ forward ’ market , this involves traders in [more] costs which would not exist if exchange rates were fixed .

We mentioned above that inflation creates additional administrative costs to households and firms , both in the search for the most favourably priced goods and in the time and effort involved in determining and disseminating new prices .
we mentioned above that inflation creates [more] administrative costs to households and firms , both in the search for the most favourably priced goods and in the time and effort involved in determining and disseminating new prices .

But the wheels of bureaucracy take time to run , and British winter weather is rarely kind to fliers , while seaplanes have the additional disadvantage of needing several ground-crew and suitable tides as well as suffering all the constraints of more conventional land aircraft .
but the wheels of bureaucracy take time to run , and british winter weather is rarely kind to fliers , while seaplanes have the [more] disadvantage of needing several ground-crew and suitable tides as well as suffering all the constraints of more conventional land aircraft .

His reasoning was that the first field was inadequate for operating with the additional load .
his reasoning was that the first field was inadequate for operating with the [more] load .

‘ With a staff of 600 the first priority would be a full-time training officer ’ … ‘ Undoubtedly a full-time training officer for the library service would improve training considerably ’ … ‘ Our greatest need is for additional staff resources .
‘ with a staff of 600 the first priority would be a full-time training officer ’ … ‘ undoubtedly a full-time training officer for the library service would improve training considerably ’ … ‘ our greatest need is for [more] staff resources .

Libraries with very small branch establishments have always faced this problem , and it is perhaps not surprising that Scottish libraries who face the additional problem of very low population densities and widely spaced service points , do not score highly on ‘ amount ’ of formal training :
libraries with very small branch establishments have always faced this problem , and it is perhaps not surprising that scottish libraries who face the [more] problem of very low population densities and widely spaced service points , do not score highly on ‘ amount ’ of formal training :

Other additional areas that are related to managerial skills , such as publicity , and industrial relations/local authority structure , were listed by a further 15 % of authorities , so that this topic in general figured quite highly as one for which a considerable number of authorities perceived a need for external course provision .
other [more] areas that are related to managerial skills , such as publicity , and industrial relations/local authority structure , were listed by a further 15 % of authorities , so that this topic in general figured quite highly as one for which a considerable number of authorities perceived a need for external course provision .

From your partner 's lists , add additional qualities and strengths you may have overlooked .
from your partner 's lists , add [more] qualities and strengths you may have overlooked .

He does so believing that if , in the long run , it is not the best for all concerned God will intervene through circumstances or additional information .
he does so believing that if , in the long run , it is not the best for all concerned god will intervene through circumstances or [more] information .

What do you consider a tithe ? Are you committed to tithing ? What about additional offerings ?
what do you consider a tithe ? are you committed to tithing ? what about [more] offerings ?

The Commission so stirred the Poles , that while it had initially been possible for them to buy up Polish estates for German settlement , by 1898 , when the Prussian Landtag voted an additional 100 million marks for the Commission 's use , the Poles had already begun to see the sale of land to the Commission as a crime against the nation and had begun to organise their own agricultural co-operatives and credit unions .
the commission so stirred the poles , that while it had initially been possible for them to buy up polish estates for german settlement , by 1898 , when the prussian landtag voted an [more] 100 million marks for the commission 's use , the poles had already begun to see the sale of land to the commission as a crime against the nation and had begun to organise their own agricultural co-operatives and credit unions .

Even now we still use a caravan on site to reduce travelling time , which has the additional benefit of allowing us to take our black cat , Muffy , with us .
even now we still use a caravan on site to reduce travelling time , which has the [more] benefit of allowing us to take our black cat , muffy , with us .

additional student residences to support the growing student numbers .
[more] student residences to support the growing student numbers .

During the swing the shaft acquired additional stiffness because it is under considerable tension .
during the swing the shaft acquired [more] stiffness because it is under considerable tension .

On occasion the animators got sufficiently carried away to draw in additional detail .
on occasion the animators got sufficiently carried away to draw in [more] detail .

In practice these were the two main elements of the development officer 's service ; but there were two additional important elements which had not been fully foreseen : direct support from the development officers to clients and their relatives , and the monitoring of clients ' situations over time .
in practice these were the two main elements of the development officer 's service ; but there were two [more] important elements which had not been fully foreseen : direct support from the development officers to clients and their relatives , and the monitoring of clients ' situations over time .

An additional , and very important , type of benefit is any positive effect ( such as decrease in stress or overwork ) felt by informal carers .
an [more] , and very important , type of benefit is any positive effect ( such as decrease in stress or overwork ) felt by informal carers .

City status adds no additional powers .
city status adds no [more] powers .

In the case of members of committees who are not entitled to attendance allowance because they are not councillors of the authority , there is , instead of the attendance allowance , a financial loss allowance in respect of any loss of earnings necessarily suffered , or additional expense incurred ( other than travelling or subsistence allowance ) in performing an approved duty .
in the case of members of committees who are not entitled to attendance allowance because they are not councillors of the authority , there is , instead of the attendance allowance , a financial loss allowance in respect of any loss of earnings necessarily suffered , or [more] expense incurred ( other than travelling or subsistence allowance ) in performing an approved duty .

Some groups also suffer the effects of additional discrimination on the grounds of race and sex .
some groups also suffer the effects of [more] discrimination on the grounds of race and sex .

It is sometimes argued that the additional costs of disability are offset , to some extent , by the more limited range of social activities they can engage in , which produces cost savings for them .
it is sometimes argued that the [more] costs of disability are offset , to some extent , by the more limited range of social activities they can engage in , which produces cost savings for them .

Additional benefits for unemployment and invalidity have been cut , the ceiling on pensions for widows and widowers has been lowered and all contributors will eventually receive lower pensions than the Labour Government originally intended .
[more] benefits for unemployment and invalidity have been cut , the ceiling on pensions for widows and widowers has been lowered and all contributors will eventually receive lower pensions than the labour government originally intended .

Ways must be found to provide women with additional pension protection for the years of domestic responsibility when they are caring for children , handicapped or elderly relatives .
ways must be found to provide women with [more] pension protection for the years of domestic responsibility when they are caring for children , handicapped or elderly relatives .

There would also be an allowance to cover the additional expenses which disability inevitably incurs .
there would also be an allowance to cover the [more] expenses which disability inevitably incurs .

a way should be found to give women additional pension cover for years of domestic responsibility ;
a way should be found to give women [more] pension cover for years of domestic responsibility ;

They have interpreted new and complex legislation to help families claim additional benefits .
they have interpreted new and complex legislation to help families claim [more] benefits .

We do not want the additional noise , traffic and use of our access road .
we do not want the [more] noise , traffic and use of our access road .

The additional traffic will travel over our private property causing increased expense , because we will be responsible for the upkeep and maintenance of the access road .
the [more] traffic will travel over our private property causing increased expense , because we will be responsible for the upkeep and maintenance of the access road .

Additional buildings will mean our light will be considerably curtailed .
[more] buildings will mean our light will be considerably curtailed .

Whatever the basis of allocation , small service points will need an additional weighting if they are to maintain a reasonable range of materials .
whatever the basis of allocation , small service points will need an [more] weighting if they are to maintain a reasonable range of materials .

Once it has listed a title , other sources can be used to cast additional light upon the book before a selection decision is reached .
once it has listed a title , other sources can be used to cast [more] light upon the book before a selection decision is reached .

Where a number of service points are involved — as they would be in a centrally organized stock revision for a public library authority — the choice of locations for titles ordered is an additional complication .
where a number of service points are involved — as they would be in a centrally organized stock revision for a public library authority — the choice of locations for titles ordered is an [more] complication .

He estimates it is ‘ cheaper to discard books already in stock , rather than building additional storage space of reader access quality , if the books in question have a prospective frequency of use that has fallen below once in about 13 years ’ .
he estimates it is ‘ cheaper to discard books already in stock , rather than building [more] storage space of reader access quality , if the books in question have a prospective frequency of use that has fallen below once in about 13 years ’ .

Additional Conservation Constraints in the Uplands of England and Wales
[more] conservation constraints in the uplands of england and wales

They also give the firm impression of responding to virtually any request for additional funding for further agricultural supports put to them , without assessing the impact of what could be involved .
they also give the firm impression of responding to virtually any request for [more] funding for further agricultural supports put to them , without assessing the impact of what could be involved .

Telephone advice work , often regarded as difficult , has to be tackled and the possible need for follow up with a home visit puts additional strain on rural bureaux .
telephone advice work , often regarded as difficult , has to be tackled and the possible need for follow up with a home visit puts [more] strain on rural bureaux .

Fifty cases were adopted by the unit in 1986/7 from bureaux who needed additional assistance .
fifty cases were adopted by the unit in 1986/7 from bureaux who needed [more] assistance .

The client eventually recovered £1,000 in supplementary benefit additional requirements , backdated to 1976 .
the client eventually recovered £1,000 in supplementary benefit [more] requirements , backdated to 1976 .

They can be gained at the expense of time spent on clients with other problems ( as will be seen in Chapter 4 ) or they can be derived from additional funding earmarked for the purpose .
they can be gained at the expense of time spent on clients with other problems ( as will be seen in chapter 4 ) or they can be derived from [more] funding earmarked for the purpose .

Although all staff will have been through a thorough central basic training course ( see Chapter 6 ) much additional training and supervision is still needed back in the bureau .
although all staff will have been through a thorough central basic training course ( see chapter 6 ) much [more] training and supervision is still needed back in the bureau .

The transition had to be accompanied by a reduction in public opening hours to allow workers time for the additional tasks .
the transition had to be accompanied by a reduction in public opening hours to allow workers time for the [more] tasks .

The task will fall to the manager to persuade advice workers to attend race-awareness training in addition to popular updating in welfare benefits ; managers may have the task of explaining to management committee members why they now need training after so many years without it ; it will be the manager 's job to be attuned to advice workers ' weaknesses and tactfully point them to the relevant additional training ; the manager must find a balance in workers ' meetings between training , casework and group support .
the task will fall to the manager to persuade advice workers to attend race-awareness training in addition to popular updating in welfare benefits ; managers may have the task of explaining to management committee members why they now need training after so many years without it ; it will be the manager 's job to be attuned to advice workers ' weaknesses and tactfully point them to the relevant [more] training ; the manager must find a balance in workers ' meetings between training , casework and group support .

Any spare spaces available on courses for its own advice workers are filled by people from outside and this helps provide additional professional stimulation for its trainers .
any spare spaces available on courses for its own advice workers are filled by people from outside and this helps provide [more] professional stimulation for its trainers .

The 1925 Illuminations attracted an additional million passengers to the Promenade trams , bringing an extra revenue of £7,360 .
the 1925 illuminations attracted an [more] million passengers to the promenade trams , bringing an extra revenue of £7,360 .

While the Feldwebel was talking to the driver of the car , the little soldier who was coming as an additional escort stood by the suitcase .
while the feldwebel was talking to the driver of the car , the little soldier who was coming as an [more] escort stood by the suitcase .

Even if that is confirmed , it is often unwise not to seek additional safeguards in your contract .
even if that is confirmed , it is often unwise not to seek [more] safeguards in your contract .

You are likely to incur a variety of additional expenses by virtue of your move overseas . You may therefore wish your employer to agree to pay some or all of the following :
you are likely to incur a variety of [more] expenses by virtue of your move overseas . you may therefore wish your employer to agree to pay some or all of the following :

There are a number of additional provisions to cater for special circumstances .
there are a number of [more] provisions to cater for special circumstances .

The ultimate sanction is financial : an additional award of compensation .
the ultimate sanction is financial : an [more] award of compensation .

These rules do not bite where a claim is settled , thus providing an additional incentive to both sides to reach a private agreement .
these rules do not bite where a claim is settled , thus providing an [more] incentive to both sides to reach a private agreement .

Are you able to claim any additional compensation if you have been unfairly dismissed ?
are you able to claim any [more] compensation if you have been unfairly dismissed ?

As a result of these additional responsibilities , an increasing number of companies will wish to have properly drafted contracts and may wish to inspect disposal sites where their waste goes if they want to be perceived as ‘ environmentally friendly ’ and be assured of complying with the duty of care .
as a result of these [more] responsibilities , an increasing number of companies will wish to have properly drafted contracts and may wish to inspect disposal sites where their waste goes if they want to be perceived as ‘ environmentally friendly ’ and be assured of complying with the duty of care .

Armstrong gives 46 rules ( in French ) and a German version with additional commentary and proposals was published by Tiemann .
armstrong gives 46 rules ( in french ) and a german version with [more] commentary and proposals was published by tiemann .

Considering the additional confusion caused by much industrial nomenclature , with many trivial and trade names , it is not surprising that many formulators prefer to stick with what they know and trust .
considering the [more] confusion caused by much industrial nomenclature , with many trivial and trade names , it is not surprising that many formulators prefer to stick with what they know and trust .

Each of the four main types of surfactant ( anionic , cationic , non-ionic , and amphoteric ) is dealt with in a separate chapter , and there are additional short chapters on speciality and polymeric surfactants .
each of the four main types of surfactant ( anionic , cationic , non-ionic , and amphoteric ) is dealt with in a separate chapter , and there are [more] short chapters on speciality and polymeric surfactants .

Members in developing countries should note that additional funds have been made available for 1993 by the Society 's International Committee , to provide grants for successful applicants from such countries .
members in developing countries should note that [more] funds have been made available for 1993 by the society 's international committee , to provide grants for successful applicants from such countries .

Although this basic classification will suffice for the vast majority of hypertensive diabetics , it is extremely important to delineate the numerically small percentage of those whose elevated blood pressure is associated with neuropathy as these will present an additional therapeutic challenge .
although this basic classification will suffice for the vast majority of hypertensive diabetics , it is extremely important to delineate the numerically small percentage of those whose elevated blood pressure is associated with neuropathy as these will present an [more] therapeutic challenge .

More recently Gill , Khalaf , and Massoud ( 1979 ) provided support for the stance of Jones and Wellman , deducing that the observed increase in rank up to the medium-volatile stage could be adequately explained as the thermal result of former depth of burial ; the higher ranks , they argued , require the additional factor of above-average palaeogeothermal gradients in the area concerned .
more recently gill , khalaf , and massoud ( 1979 ) provided support for the stance of jones and wellman , deducing that the observed increase in rank up to the medium-volatile stage could be adequately explained as the thermal result of former depth of burial ; the higher ranks , they argued , require the [more] factor of above-average palaeogeothermal gradients in the area concerned .

The area has been subject to Cimmerian rift-faulting but has suffered additional severe inversion and wrench-related movements associated with the edge of the Broad Fourteens Basin .
the area has been subject to cimmerian rift-faulting but has suffered [more] severe inversion and wrench-related movements associated with the edge of the broad fourteens basin .

This study indicates that the natural gas deposits of the Federal Republic of Germany accumulated in relatively recent geological times , i.e. during the late Mesozoic and/or the Cainozoic , either as a result of an additional subsidence and consequently additional heating of the Upper Carboniferous , or of telemagmatic heating effects .
this study indicates that the natural gas deposits of the federal republic of germany accumulated in relatively recent geological times , i.e. during the late mesozoic and/or the cainozoic , either as a result of an [more] subsidence and consequently [more] heating of the upper carboniferous , or of telemagmatic heating effects .

The gas accumulated in these reservoirs has been generated mainly during the late Mesozoic and the Cainozoic , due to an increasing subsidence and associated additional heating of the coal bearing Upper Carboniferous .
the gas accumulated in these reservoirs has been generated mainly during the late mesozoic and the cainozoic , due to an increasing subsidence and associated [more] heating of the coal bearing upper carboniferous .

Moreover , subsidence in the Upper Cretaceous and/or Cainozoic has been relatively shallow , and no additional geothermal heating occurred in recent times .
moreover , subsidence in the upper cretaceous and/or cainozoic has been relatively shallow , and no [more] geothermal heating occurred in recent times .

The natural gas deposits , derived from coalification gases of the Upper Carboniferous , accumulated in relatively recent geological times during the late Mesozoic and/or the Cainozoic , — either as a result of additional subsidence and , consequent additional heating of the Upper Carboniferous source rocks , or of telemagmatic heating effects .
the natural gas deposits , derived from coalification gases of the upper carboniferous , accumulated in relatively recent geological times during the late mesozoic and/or the cainozoic , — either as a result of [more] subsidence and , consequent [more] heating of the upper carboniferous source rocks , or of telemagmatic heating effects .

Tx represents the additional tectonic stress not predicted by the horizontally-constrained elastic model .
tx represents the [more] tectonic stress not predicted by the horizontally-constrained elastic model .

This forms the bulk of the College budget , which can be supplemented by income generated by additional courses provided to meet specific demands , which in effect are outside the statutory requirements .
this forms the bulk of the college budget , which can be supplemented by income generated by [more] courses provided to meet specific demands , which in effect are outside the statutory requirements .

This may require additional information to be recorded on requisition forms etc , or involve setting up new registers , all of which will demand extra staff time , and could lead to some resistance .
this may require [more] information to be recorded on requisition forms etc , or involve setting up new registers , all of which will demand extra staff time , and could lead to some resistance .

Furthermore , it was felt that the potential costs of providing the necessary microfilming equipment , plus additional staff time , would outweigh any benefits gained , particularly as this could only be regarded as an interim solution before progressing to greater computerisation .
furthermore , it was felt that the potential costs of providing the necessary microfilming equipment , plus [more] staff time , would outweigh any benefits gained , particularly as this could only be regarded as an interim solution before progressing to greater computerisation .

This constraint is not required for colliding plane waves and an additional set of aperiodic solutions is given by ( 10.81 ) where and are modified Bessel functions of the first and second kinds of zero order .
this constraint is not required for colliding plane waves and an [more] set of aperiodic solutions is given by ( 10.81 ) where and are modified bessel functions of the first and second kinds of zero order .

The presence of these wave components introduces additional distribution valued singularities at the points , and , .
the presence of these wave components introduces [more] distribution valued singularities at the points , and , .

All of these initiatives share the common approach of adding an additional — clinical — analysis of hospital expenditure .
all of these initiatives share the common approach of adding an [more] — clinical — analysis of hospital expenditure .

‘ Cost and volume ’ contracts specifying a price for a minimum level of service , with additional cases treated over that minimum to be supplied at agreed prices .
‘ cost and volume ’ contracts specifying a price for a minimum level of service , with [more] cases treated over that minimum to be supplied at agreed prices .

In that respect , physicians take on an additional burden beyond their immediate remit .
in that respect , physicians take on an [more] burden beyond their immediate remit .

These may require additional costs now , but the costs of coronary heart disease occurring in the future may be reduced .
these may require [more] costs now , but the costs of coronary heart disease occurring in the future may be reduced .

But even where the additional word lego is used , there is no suggestion that Scaevola thinks the disposition should be treated as a legacy .
but even where the [more] word lego is used , there is no suggestion that scaevola thinks the disposition should be treated as a legacy .

This interpretation makes it quite clear that the disposition in the will has failed , and that it is only thanks to the trust clause that the nurses do obtain this additional income .
this interpretation makes it quite clear that the disposition in the will has failed , and that it is only thanks to the trust clause that the nurses do obtain this [more] income .

Public dispositions raise additional questions , for where there is a public interest we need not suppose that all was left to regulation by the remedies of private law .
public dispositions raise [more] questions , for where there is a public interest we need not suppose that all was left to regulation by the remedies of private law .

They also permitted a much simpler reproducing machine , since the groove itself propelled the soundbox , no additional screw mechanism being necessary ( 7 ) .
they also permitted a much simpler reproducing machine , since the groove itself propelled the soundbox , no [more] screw mechanism being necessary ( 7 ) .

This additional information can be very useful indeed in saving the researcher from looking up an article which sounds as if it would be useful from the title , but which , in fact , is not relevant to one 's particular interest .
this [more] information can be very useful indeed in saving the researcher from looking up an article which sounds as if it would be useful from the title , but which , in fact , is not relevant to one 's particular interest .

The Status Line gives additional information .
the status line gives [more] information .

Tap Enter once for each additional line space required ( there are 6 per inch )
tap enter once for each [more] line space required ( there are 6 per inch )

‘ On the frequent occasions we were engaged in Christian work , we had additional problems with our black lamb .
‘ on the frequent occasions we were engaged in christian work , we had [more] problems with our black lamb .

Extra services ( eg watch repair , engraving ) may bring in additional customers
extra services ( eg watch repair , engraving ) may bring in [more] customers

In example a ) it is much easier for the customer to move directly to the checkout and exit , without making additional purchases .
in example a ) it is much easier for the customer to move directly to the checkout and exit , without making [more] purchases .

How much extra would it cost you if you had to pay for the additional choc ices ?
how much extra would it cost you if you had to pay for the [more] choc ices ?

If you were selling the following items , what additional items would you recommend to the customer , in order to increase sales ? For example , vacuum cleaner — tools , disposable bags , plug
if you were selling the following items , what [more] items would you recommend to the customer , in order to increase sales ? for example , vacuum cleaner — tools , disposable bags , plug

After the additional 18 months exposure of the isolated bones , the skulls and mandibles were still intact , but where any sutures were exposed to the weather they had started to open out .
after the [more] 18 months exposure of the isolated bones , the skulls and mandibles were still intact , but where any sutures were exposed to the weather they had started to open out .

Additional exposure to weathering accentuated all these features .
[more] exposure to weathering accentuated all these features .

The bones are still exposed at the time of writing this ( November , 1988 ) and they should provide additional data as time progresses .
the bones are still exposed at the time of writing this ( november , 1988 ) and they should provide [more] data as time progresses .

Few of the postcrania were completely intact before the experiment began , but whether intact or broken , there was little additional breakage produced by the finer grades of sediment .
few of the postcrania were completely intact before the experiment began , but whether intact or broken , there was little [more] breakage produced by the finer grades of sediment .

With the 8 mm clasts , some abrasion of the femur heads , and the separation of tibia and fibula occurred , but after one additional hour with the large clasts , articular ends were broken , leaving an assemblage of broken ends and shafts : articular ends — Fig .
with the 8 mm clasts , some abrasion of the femur heads , and the separation of tibia and fibula occurred , but after one [more] hour with the large clasts , articular ends were broken , leaving an assemblage of broken ends and shafts : articular ends — fig .

Additional pellet samples were obtained from single species of vulture , condor , crow and gull , but none provided large enough small mammal samples for analysis .
[more] pellet samples were obtained from single species of vulture , condor , crow and gull , but none provided large enough small mammal samples for analysis .

3.1 ) for the maximum bone count , but it provides additional information that there is considerable bone loss more or less evenly spread across the mammalian skeleton ( except for the phalanges and metapodials ) .
3.1 ) for the maximum bone count , but it provides [more] information that there is considerable bone loss more or less evenly spread across the mammalian skeleton ( except for the phalanges and metapodials ) .

One is that it applies to both molars and incisors ; secondly , a check of the pellet debris failed to reveal any additional isolated teeth ; and thirdly , the teeth that are present show an advanced state of degradation due to digestive corrosion ( see below ) .
one is that it applies to both molars and incisors ; secondly , a check of the pellet debris failed to reveal any [more] isolated teeth ; and thirdly , the teeth that are present show an advanced state of degradation due to digestive corrosion ( see below ) .

One of the drawbacks to using any of the breakage data described so far is that later depositional agencies produce additional breakage , and it is difficult to distinguish between them .
one of the drawbacks to using any of the breakage data described so far is that later depositional agencies produce [more] breakage , and it is difficult to distinguish between them .

In September 1942 , and at the end of 1943 , the War Office wanted additional trains and it was agreed that several of the then existing casualty evacuation trains should be disbanded , to provide more ambulance trains .
in september 1942 , and at the end of 1943 , the war office wanted [more] trains and it was agreed that several of the then existing casualty evacuation trains should be disbanded , to provide more ambulance trains .

Staff was about to be reduced and , taking into account the new accommodation provided at Stantonbury , Ramsbottom thought there was no need to provide additional cottages at Wolverton .
staff was about to be reduced and , taking into account the new accommodation provided at stantonbury , ramsbottom thought there was no need to provide [more] cottages at wolverton .

Gerry Queen came to the Palace from Kilmarnock in July 1969 for a £45,000 fee , as Manager Bert Head sought additional and experienced striking power for the 1st Division battles that lay ahead .
gerry queen came to the palace from kilmarnock in july 1969 for a £45,000 fee , as manager bert head sought [more] and experienced striking power for the 1st division battles that lay ahead .

Creation of additional exhibitions , and audio-visual shows .
creation of [more] exhibitions , and audio-visual shows .

It now houses nearly three million volumes and each year an additional half a mile of shelving is needed .
it now houses nearly three million volumes and each year an [more] half a mile of shelving is needed .

Additional Features
[more] features

All of these needs , additional to the demands which confront individual teachers in their subject and departmental roles , have to met at a time when the morale of teachers is dangerously low , and the supply of teachers in some subjects and localities is breaking down .
all of these needs , [more] to the demands which confront individual teachers in their subject and departmental roles , have to met at a time when the morale of teachers is dangerously low , and the supply of teachers in some subjects and localities is breaking down .

This option will effectively defer any additional income tax payment for higher rate taxpayers until death , partial encashment , full surrender or maturity of the contract .
this option will effectively defer any [more] income tax payment for higher rate taxpayers until death , partial encashment , full surrender or maturity of the contract .

If you are an employee , the taxman adds another £25 to every £75 you contribute to your Personal Pension or Free Standing Additional Voluntary Contribution scheme .
if you are an employee , the taxman adds another £25 to every £75 you contribute to your personal pension or free standing [more] voluntary contribution scheme .

If you pay higher rate income tax you can claim additional income tax relief on top .
if you pay higher rate income tax you can claim [more] income tax relief on top .

To augment the tuition at the College , students had to traipse all over London to attend lectures at medical schools , and to hear additional veterinary lectures on private premises in the evening .
to augment the tuition at the college , students had to traipse all over london to attend lectures at medical schools , and to hear [more] veterinary lectures on private premises in the evening .

At this point the school had to make a decision about the priority which this activity was to be given in the school 's development . Did we envisage the development of partnership as an additional responsibility for the staff involved ? Could non-contact time be found ? Was its success depend on a proper investment of resources by the school ?
at this point the school had to make a decision about the priority which this activity was to be given in the school 's development . did we envisage the development of partnership as an [more] responsibility for the staff involved ? could non-contact time be found ? was its success depend on a proper investment of resources by the school ?

In this respect , the organiser continues to integrate the experience into schools and local authority plans , rather than perceiving it as an additional bolt-on training opportunity .
in this respect , the organiser continues to integrate the experience into schools and local authority plans , rather than perceiving it as an [more] bolt-on training opportunity .

It is possible for such programmes to meet the objectives of organisations such as LEAs and TECs thus attracting additional funding .
it is possible for such programmes to meet the objectives of organisations such as leas and tecs thus attracting [more] funding .

The fact that Teacher Placement Service has not had supply cover , although causing short term difficulties has improved the long term chances of success , as such additional external government funding would be temporary in nature .
the fact that teacher placement service has not had supply cover , although causing short term difficulties has improved the long term chances of success , as such [more] external government funding would be temporary in nature .

The power of local education authorities has been reduced whilst additional power has been given to central government and the revised and highly decentralised governing bodies of schools and colleges .
the power of local education authorities has been reduced whilst [more] power has been given to central government and the revised and highly decentralised governing bodies of schools and colleges .

Partnerships should challenge the trend ; partnerships should not be about alternative sources of funding for the public education service but about ensuring proper levels of public funding with additional support from the private sector .
partnerships should challenge the trend ; partnerships should not be about alternative sources of funding for the public education service but about ensuring proper levels of public funding with [more] support from the private sector .

This additional need to prove negligence imposes a considerable burden on the plaintiff , but where a Code of Practice is in existence failure of the water authority to adhere to the Code 's terms , will provide valuable evidence of their negligence . By way of illustration the following is an extract from one such Code of Practice :
this [more] need to prove negligence imposes a considerable burden on the plaintiff , but where a code of practice is in existence failure of the water authority to adhere to the code 's terms , will provide valuable evidence of their negligence . by way of illustration the following is an extract from one such code of practice :

The court may , at its discretion , however , be guided by those additional factors mentioned in s.72 of the Control of Pollution Act .
the court may , at its discretion , however , be guided by those [more] factors mentioned in s.72 of the control of pollution act .

The council and others had objected to the proposed development and the council had refused planning permission on the ground that the proposals would result in an intensification of air pollution in an area where the level of existing pollution was high and would create additional health hazards to residents of the area .
the council and others had objected to the proposed development and the council had refused planning permission on the ground that the proposals would result in an intensification of air pollution in an area where the level of existing pollution was high and would create [more] health hazards to residents of the area .

Moreover , good housekeeping and husbandry practices in respect of storing , transporting and handling materials which are or may become odorous must not be overlooked in any type of trade or industry , whether or not additional odour abatement methods are required .
moreover , good housekeeping and husbandry practices in respect of storing , transporting and handling materials which are or may become odorous must not be overlooked in any type of trade or industry , whether or not [more] odour abatement methods are required .

When good husbandry or storage techniques fail then it may become necessary to carry out control measures by the installation of appropriate additional equipment , the choice of equipment/control method being decided only after seeking advice and taking all the circumstances into account .
when good husbandry or storage techniques fail then it may become necessary to carry out control measures by the installation of appropriate [more] equipment , the choice of equipment/control method being decided only after seeking advice and taking all the circumstances into account .

The use of such additional reinforcing terms deserves attention :
the use of such [more] reinforcing terms deserves attention :

First , the number of ‘ incorrect ’ answers to the yes/no questions was a very high 25 % following the short versions of the passages and an even higher 39 % when the additional phrase ( for leaving such a mess ) was included .
first , the number of ‘ incorrect ’ answers to the yes/no questions was a very high 25 % following the short versions of the passages and an even higher 39 % when the [more] phrase ( for leaving such a mess ) was included .

The customer has specifically asked me to provide some additional data for our next meeting .
the customer has specifically asked me to provide some [more] data for our next meeting .

While you are busy with such things , you are also transmitting and receiving additional visual and verbal behaviours .
while you are busy with such things , you are also transmitting and receiving [more] visual and verbal behaviours .

In the former , agencies such as local enterprise boards , or economic development units , have attempted to encourage firms to develop or invest with the help of limited assistance from councils — attempts have been made to ‘ lever ’ additional funds from the private sector ( Clarke and Cochrane , 1987 ) .
in the former , agencies such as local enterprise boards , or economic development units , have attempted to encourage firms to develop or invest with the help of limited assistance from councils — attempts have been made to ‘ lever ’ [more] funds from the private sector ( clarke and cochrane , 1987 ) .

The reorganization of the Training Commission has already shifted decision-making on post-sixteen training towards non-elected decision-making forums , often with the enthusiastic involvement of colleges which see them as sources of additional funds .
the reorganization of the training commission has already shifted decision-making on post-sixteen training towards non-elected decision-making forums , often with the enthusiastic involvement of colleges which see them as sources of [more] funds .

continued limitation of finance , in most cases to be distributed through the local education authority but devolved budgetary powers to the schools and the possibility of raising additional funds from other sources .
continued limitation of finance , in most cases to be distributed through the local education authority but devolved budgetary powers to the schools and the possibility of raising [more] funds from other sources .

variations in the additional costs of pupils with special educational needs , both those having statements under the 1981 Act ( except those treated as a discretionary excepted item ) and those who do not ;
variations in the [more] costs of pupils with special educational needs , both those having statements under the 1981 act ( except those treated as a discretionary excepted item ) and those who do not ;

the additional costs in small schools of offering a comparable curriculum to that available in larger schools ;
the [more] costs in small schools of offering a comparable curriculum to that available in larger schools ;

This could prove very worthwhile in coping with the National Curriculum and its additional demands on staff .
this could prove very worthwhile in coping with the national curriculum and its [more] demands on staff .

Since the financial resources of the school will depend very largely on the number of pupils , and open enrolment may allow popular schools to take additional pupils , this will intensify the pressure on schools with falling rolls .
since the financial resources of the school will depend very largely on the number of pupils , and open enrolment may allow popular schools to take [more] pupils , this will intensify the pressure on schools with falling rolls .

Administrative staff have been offered additional hours and upgraded posts .
administrative staff have been offered [more] hours and upgraded posts .

Certainly all schools , via their classrooms , halls , gymnasia , grounds and playing fields , certain items of equipment , and perhaps teacher skills , have the potential to generate additional finances in a variety of ways .
certainly all schools , via their classrooms , halls , gymnasia , grounds and playing fields , certain items of equipment , and perhaps teacher skills , have the potential to generate [more] finances in a variety of ways .

What is already clear is that in order to discharge some areas of responsibility there will be a need for an increase in personnel such as inspectors , and additional support for financial management and monitoring .
what is already clear is that in order to discharge some areas of responsibility there will be a need for an increase in personnel such as inspectors , and [more] support for financial management and monitoring .

When the plan is being constructed and teachers are deciding upon success criteria for plans they may put searching questions and suggest additional ways to ensure that objectives become reality : if a school aims ‘ involve all pupils ’ are checks being made to see whether this is occurring ?
when the plan is being constructed and teachers are deciding upon success criteria for plans they may put searching questions and suggest [more] ways to ensure that objectives become reality : if a school aims ‘ involve all pupils ’ are checks being made to see whether this is occurring ?

Some saw it as simply a matter of making the books balance , an additional chore or responsibility in an already busy schedule .
some saw it as simply a matter of making the books balance , an [more] chore or responsibility in an already busy schedule .

Most heads could identify changes that had led to a more balanced or improved curriculum , either as a result of the purchase of additional facilities or due to a change in curriculum planning .
most heads could identify changes that had led to a more balanced or improved curriculum , either as a result of the purchase of [more] facilities or due to a change in curriculum planning .

Additional nights pro rata less 5 % .
[more] nights pro rata less 5 % .

Two nights £84 ; additional nights £30 .
two nights £84 ; [more] nights £30 .

Additional nights at £17.50 per night .
[more] nights at £17.50 per night .

Additional night £40 .
[more] night £40 .

The Community has taken on additional powers , particularly in the foreign policy and security area , and has expanded the role of qualified majority voting .
the community has taken on [more] powers , particularly in the foreign policy and security area , and has expanded the role of qualified majority voting .

The summit has also led to the Community strengthening its environmental policy and additional emphasis has been given to industry , the creation of trans-European networks and consumer protection .
the summit has also led to the community strengthening its environmental policy and [more] emphasis has been given to industry , the creation of trans-european networks and consumer protection .

Additional hurdles are that company filing requirements are not always complied with and powers to enforce such requirements do not always exist in national law .
[more] hurdles are that company filing requirements are not always complied with and powers to enforce such requirements do not always exist in national law .

The supervisory authority may forbid the publication of an offer document that is incomplete or requires additional information .
the supervisory authority may forbid the publication of an offer document that is incomplete or requires [more] information .

The supervisory authority is not able to grant an exemption from the information required , but may do so in respect of additional information that it has requested .
the supervisory authority is not able to grant an exemption from the information required , but may do so in respect of [more] information that it has requested .

In one case , it took an additional 21 days before notification was deemed complete by the Commission .
in one case , it took an [more] 21 days before notification was deemed complete by the commission .

The additional thermic effect produced by the Walking Diet ( low fat food and aerobic exercise ) will gradually help produce the change in body shape that you desire and bring you back to your target weight .
the [more] thermic effect produced by the walking diet ( low fat food and aerobic exercise ) will gradually help produce the change in body shape that you desire and bring you back to your target weight .

Mature aircraft however , suffer specific , age related problems such as corrosion , wiring integrity , increased structural cracking , fuel leaks etc , these require additional maintenance actions .
mature aircraft however , suffer specific , age related problems such as corrosion , wiring integrity , increased structural cracking , fuel leaks etc , these require [more] maintenance actions .

For an additional five bucks she did the talking topless .
for an [more] five bucks she did the talking topless .

Additional money is raised by members , parents , friends and supporters through jumble sales , sponsored rides and walks , raffles and the highlight of the year — the annual Horse Rangers ' Horse Show and Gymkhana .
[more] money is raised by members , parents , friends and supporters through jumble sales , sponsored rides and walks , raffles and the highlight of the year — the annual horse rangers ' horse show and gymkhana .

There was an additional charge of twopence a week for the secretary 's salary and office expenses .
there was an [more] charge of twopence a week for the secretary 's salary and office expenses .

Providing additional resources for the state in the form of excise duties .
providing [more] resources for the state in the form of excise duties .

Church councils will make their own scale of charges for any extras you choose to have , such as bellringing , music or additional heating .
church councils will make their own scale of charges for any extras you choose to have , such as bellringing , music or [more] heating .

The basic marriage service fee in the Church of England is £39 and there is sometimes and additional parish clerk 's fee of £10 .
the basic marriage service fee in the church of england is £39 and there is sometimes and [more] parish clerk 's fee of £10 .

They stand in water , which corresponds to their boggy native habitats , and are given additional light overnight to supplement the illumination from fluorescent strips ; such are the practicalities of plant-of-prey nurture .
they stand in water , which corresponds to their boggy native habitats , and are given [more] light overnight to supplement the illumination from fluorescent strips ; such are the practicalities of plant-of-prey nurture .

Of course , investing at times of depression creates additional demand .
of course , investing at times of depression creates [more] demand .

Brown says that additional funding looks uncertain .
brown says that [more] funding looks uncertain .

An additional problem is that the most heavily used motorways are being designed to carry 100 million standard axles over 20 years .
an [more] problem is that the most heavily used motorways are being designed to carry 100 million standard axles over 20 years .

Event and fault-trees can not only define the minimum response the system has to make to ensure a successful outcome follows an initiating event , and indicate where additional , ‘ redundant ’ equipment may be required to ensure this , but they are also valuable in showing up system sensitivities .
event and fault-trees can not only define the minimum response the system has to make to ensure a successful outcome follows an initiating event , and indicate where [more] , ‘ redundant ’ equipment may be required to ensure this , but they are also valuable in showing up system sensitivities .

One additional device is a spectrometer to study the infrared spectra of strong point sources .
one [more] device is a spectrometer to study the infrared spectra of strong point sources .

And the quest can be without end , For there are always additional programs which can be written , programs which are more elaborate , more powerful and more refined .
and the quest can be without end , for there are always [more] programs which can be written , programs which are more elaborate , more powerful and more refined .

An additional factor is the increasing popularity or cremation .
an [more] factor is the increasing popularity or cremation .

An additional benefit would be that more people could find part-time work , and adjust their working hours to their family commitments , or to the demands of part-time study .
an [more] benefit would be that more people could find part-time work , and adjust their working hours to their family commitments , or to the demands of part-time study .

The oxygen atoms released combine with unreacted carbon to give additional carbon monoxide .
the oxygen atoms released combine with unreacted carbon to give [more] carbon monoxide .

Dopants , like arsenic pentafluoride ( electron accepting ) or iodine ( electron donating ) produce additional charged solitons .
dopants , like arsenic pentafluoride ( electron accepting ) or iodine ( electron donating ) produce [more] charged solitons .

For additional safety each missile 's thermonuclear warhead incorporates a high-explosive trigger that is insensitive to shocks , from bullets for example .
for [more] safety each missile 's thermonuclear warhead incorporates a high-explosive trigger that is insensitive to shocks , from bullets for example .

When the farmer changes his land from pasture to arable , he has additional outlay to make in the form of farm machinery , equipment , and so on .
when the farmer changes his land from pasture to arable , he has [more] outlay to make in the form of farm machinery , equipment , and so on .

The difference between these two numbers in chess terms is much smaller than one would think ; not much more than being able to see an additional one or two moves ahead , plus giving special attention to checks and sequences involving piece exchanges and captures .
the difference between these two numbers in chess terms is much smaller than one would think ; not much more than being able to see an [more] one or two moves ahead , plus giving special attention to checks and sequences involving piece exchanges and captures .

An additional 3 per cent of meteorites are irons and 1 per cent are stony-irons , Some achondrites are basaltic in texture and composition and appear to be samples of lava flows from the surfaces of their parent bodies .
an [more] 3 per cent of meteorites are irons and 1 per cent are stony-irons , some achondrites are basaltic in texture and composition and appear to be samples of lava flows from the surfaces of their parent bodies .

So the lighting industry has had to seek additional phosphors to provide the demanding colour rendering of such installations .
so the lighting industry has had to seek [more] phosphors to provide the demanding colour rendering of such installations .

New lamps with additional phosphors are , in fact , being developed to meet these needs .
new lamps with [more] phosphors are , in fact , being developed to meet these needs .

Additional ‘ close-look ’ equipment could also close in on international crises and warn of military and guerilla movements .
[more] ‘ close-look ’ equipment could also close in on international crises and warn of military and guerilla movements .

However , the illness may also be associated with additional , ‘ negative ’ symptoms , such as poverty of speech , loss of drive and emotional responsiveness , and occasionally intellectual impairment .
however , the illness may also be associated with [more] , ‘ negative ’ symptoms , such as poverty of speech , loss of drive and emotional responsiveness , and occasionally intellectual impairment .

They also make the point that the one spider that makes daytime webs without stabilimenta , Nephila clavpes , has bright yellow silk , which , they say , makes the web conspicuous enough without the need for resorting to additional warning markers .
they also make the point that the one spider that makes daytime webs without stabilimenta , nephila clavpes , has bright yellow silk , which , they say , makes the web conspicuous enough without the need for resorting to [more] warning markers .

Normally , the rates are £19.50 for the first halt hour and for each additional quarter of an hour or part of it , £4.50 , For weekday overtime the rates go up to £23.80 and £5.45 , for Saturday overtime , £24.70 and £5.65 , Sunday overtime , £31.70 and £7.15 and for Bank holiday overtime , £37.00 and £8.25 .
normally , the rates are £19.50 for the first halt hour and for each [more] quarter of an hour or part of it , £4.50 , for weekday overtime the rates go up to £23.80 and £5.45 , for saturday overtime , £24.70 and £5.65 , sunday overtime , £31.70 and £7.15 and for bank holiday overtime , £37.00 and £8.25 .

The downstream area , where people are being resettled , has problems enough without the additional burden of silt .
the downstream area , where people are being resettled , has problems enough without the [more] burden of silt .

‘ Under Indian conditions , ’ he says , ‘ this would have the additional advantage of continuing the pattern of life which people are accustomed to : as though Mahatma Gandhi 's vision of a rural India had an almost exact urban analogue .
‘ under indian conditions , ’ he says , ‘ this would have the [more] advantage of continuing the pattern of life which people are accustomed to : as though mahatma gandhi 's vision of a rural india had an almost exact urban analogue .

Consumers might be asked to pay for any additional rewiring — a potential point of contention .
consumers might be asked to pay for any [more] rewiring — a potential point of contention .

Additional bits may mark the beginning and end of a message , or help to detect and correct transmission errors .
[more] bits may mark the beginning and end of a message , or help to detect and correct transmission errors .

Weather would ‘ redistribute rather than remove the activity ’ and ‘ ingestion of the longer-lived isotopes from crops grown on contaminated land would be an additional hazard ’ .
weather would ‘ redistribute rather than remove the activity ’ and ‘ ingestion of the longer-lived isotopes from crops grown on contaminated land would be an [more] hazard ’ .

The metal cooled slightly before the additional pouring and this left a crack most of the way round the top of the head .
the metal cooled slightly before the [more] pouring and this left a crack most of the way round the top of the head .

This additional angular motion imposed by the field is quantised , exactly as if the electron was constrained in an orbit around an atom .
this [more] angular motion imposed by the field is quantised , exactly as if the electron was constrained in an orbit around an atom .

After it has been sacrificed , the salamander 's tail wriggles about just like the lizard 's tail , but it has the additional advantage that it often contains poison glands which the killer finds pungently distasteful .
after it has been sacrificed , the salamander 's tail wriggles about just like the lizard 's tail , but it has the [more] advantage that it often contains poison glands which the killer finds pungently distasteful .

It discovers its mistake a fraction of a second later , for these strange organs contain poison glands and sometimes also additional stinging-cells acquired from the anemones on which the sea slugs themselves feed .
it discovers its mistake a fraction of a second later , for these strange organs contain poison glands and sometimes also [more] stinging-cells acquired from the anemones on which the sea slugs themselves feed .

Yet still not enough takes place nationally or internationally ( where there is an additional danger of conferences being high on rhetoric , low in practicalities ) .
yet still not enough takes place nationally or internationally ( where there is an [more] danger of conferences being high on rhetoric , low in practicalities ) .

Enrichment materials were seen as being produced mainly in connection with the teaching of basic skills and would include additional topics and materials in Sesotho , Mathematics and English chosen so that they deepened children 's understanding of core topics and including supplementary readers , apparatus , assignment cards , games and radio broadcasts .
enrichment materials were seen as being produced mainly in connection with the teaching of basic skills and would include [more] topics and materials in sesotho , mathematics and english chosen so that they deepened children 's understanding of core topics and including supplementary readers , apparatus , assignment cards , games and radio broadcasts .

Sometimes an additional flat is vacant for visiting family or friends from a distance who wish to stay overnight .
sometimes an [more] flat is vacant for visiting family or friends from a distance who wish to stay overnight .

Stepfamilies call for additional sensitivity and unselfish caring on everyone 's part .
stepfamilies call for [more] sensitivity and unselfish caring on everyone 's part .

Not only did the King fail to punish him , he granted him additional revenues , and in 1703 elevated him to Earl of Stair .
not only did the king fail to punish him , he granted him [more] revenues , and in 1703 elevated him to earl of stair .

Most of the local men who had come for the conventicle , had come armed in case of a surprise attack , and many of the others agreed to arm themselves , but additional men would be required if the Dragoons were to be confronted .
most of the local men who had come for the conventicle , had come armed in case of a surprise attack , and many of the others agreed to arm themselves , but [more] men would be required if the dragoons were to be confronted .

the single days or short periods of relief from work , which are spaced throughout the year , and which are additional to the long summer vacations , are fixed by arbitrary law and not by reference to religious feast days .
the single days or short periods of relief from work , which are spaced throughout the year , and which are [more] to the long summer vacations , are fixed by arbitrary law and not by reference to religious feast days .

The ritual , mysticism , animal blood-letting and involvement in unnecessary political and financial dealings , are merely additional undesirable activities , and are none of them essential to the needs of the god-hungry masses .
the ritual , mysticism , animal blood-letting and involvement in unnecessary political and financial dealings , are merely [more] undesirable activities , and are none of them essential to the needs of the god-hungry masses .

It is an additional requirement of the religion , that it shall be in some logical form which can be accepted by all kinds of people , from the academically minded who need to be satisfied with its innate sound reasoning , to those who are prepared to let faith take over where the tedium of logical study is not wanted or not within their individual capacities to undertake .
it is an [more] requirement of the religion , that it shall be in some logical form which can be accepted by all kinds of people , from the academically minded who need to be satisfied with its innate sound reasoning , to those who are prepared to let faith take over where the tedium of logical study is not wanted or not within their individual capacities to undertake .

It must have the additional power of a moral code based on a religion , and there is no part of human affairs in which this applies with more force than it does in the matter of child rearing .
it must have the [more] power of a moral code based on a religion , and there is no part of human affairs in which this applies with more force than it does in the matter of child rearing .

In the latter case there is the additional difficulty when children hear words pronounced in a way that disconnects them from the written form .
in the latter case there is the [more] difficulty when children hear words pronounced in a way that disconnects them from the written form .

The regions surrounding the tunnel such as Kent , Nord-Pas-de Calais and Hainaut are all adjacent to national frontiers and , in some cases , the additional barrier of the Channel .
the regions surrounding the tunnel such as kent , nord-pas-de calais and hainaut are all adjacent to national frontiers and , in some cases , the [more] barrier of the channel .

Finance necessary for producing practice information , photographs , employing extra staff , renting more accommodation , purchasing additional equipment , etc
finance necessary for producing practice information , photographs , employing extra staff , renting more accommodation , purchasing [more] equipment , etc

For example , a long period of site activity may require pre-booking of hotel accommodation and measured survey stages could demand additional temporary help .
for example , a long period of site activity may require pre-booking of hotel accommodation and measured survey stages could demand [more] temporary help .

At the review any lag which has developed should be identified and where necessary additional effort or resource applied to get back on programme .
at the review any lag which has developed should be identified and where necessary [more] effort or resource applied to get back on programme .

No longer were they able to allow for unforeseen problems so they looked at their traditional contracts for any opportunity for reimbursement of additional costs .
no longer were they able to allow for unforeseen problems so they looked at their traditional contracts for any opportunity for reimbursement of [more] costs .

As far as the constant and variable capital is concerned the values which are replaced — — are clearly distinguished from the increments and , and these latter represent additional values and use-values .
as far as the constant and variable capital is concerned the values which are replaced — — are clearly distinguished from the increments and , and these latter represent [more] values and use-values .

Sweezy resolved this problem by the introduction of further algebraic notations which distinguished between unproductive consumption of the level pertaining to the previous production period and that which is additional , new , unproductive consumption .
sweezy resolved this problem by the introduction of further algebraic notations which distinguished between unproductive consumption of the level pertaining to the previous production period and that which is [more] , new , unproductive consumption .

To consolidate heavy industry one needs ‘ funds ’ ( funds of food-stuff , raw materials , additional equipment and so forth ) .
to consolidate heavy industry one needs ‘ funds ’ ( funds of food-stuff , raw materials , [more] equipment and so forth ) .

Because the additional quantity of products which must flow into our heavy industry has to be taken from outside , not from within the sphere of heavy industry itself , which is in the hands of the workers ' state , but from elsewhere , from other external sources , whatever the price we have to pay .
because the [more] quantity of products which must flow into our heavy industry has to be taken from outside , not from within the sphere of heavy industry itself , which is in the hands of the workers ' state , but from elsewhere , from other external sources , whatever the price we have to pay .

On the contrary its development is an essential condition for the growth of our heavy industry … The extraction of an additional amount of products from this sphere pre-supposes its growth , which — temporarily , in the present phases of development — is none other than the growth of bourgeois relations .
on the contrary its development is an essential condition for the growth of our heavy industry … the extraction of an [more] amount of products from this sphere pre-supposes its growth , which — temporarily , in the present phases of development — is none other than the growth of bourgeois relations .

But this growth makes it possible to obtain an additional supply of goods .
but this growth makes it possible to obtain an [more] supply of goods .

Bill Liddiard , chairman of the lighting committee , referred to new lighting in Station Road , additional lighting in The Avenue , and the proposed changes to lighting in Broad Street .
bill liddiard , chairman of the lighting committee , referred to new lighting in station road , [more] lighting in the avenue , and the proposed changes to lighting in broad street .

Additional supplies of water are being actively sought , but the simple truth is that the Basingstoke Canal was never designed for the types and levels of boating some people dream of .
[more] supplies of water are being actively sought , but the simple truth is that the basingstoke canal was never designed for the types and levels of boating some people dream of .

‘ It is a good additional facility to the area and will put new life into the village .
‘ it is a good [more] facility to the area and will put new life into the village .

‘ In some cases the street lighting is poor and such shops signs give much needed additional light at no cost to the chargepayer . ’
‘ in some cases the street lighting is poor and such shops signs give much needed [more] light at no cost to the chargepayer . ’

The company , now based at Weyside Park , Alton said that the additional space would help to fulfil new orders and provide a more convenient location for customers .
the company , now based at weyside park , alton said that the [more] space would help to fulfil new orders and provide a more convenient location for customers .

Breeze was not a nervous person in the ordinary way , but she had undergone many strange experiences that day , and this additional shock seemed to rob her of all her courage .
breeze was not a nervous person in the ordinary way , but she had undergone many strange experiences that day , and this [more] shock seemed to rob her of all her courage .

Those opposed to cruelty will use the countryside access issue as an additional front on which to attack bloodsports .
those opposed to cruelty will use the countryside access issue as an [more] front on which to attack bloodsports .

Additional penalties
[more] penalties

But there were additional problems .
but there were [more] problems .

Under water , the world of sound signalling takes on an additional significance since sound in water travels much further than light , moving a great deal faster than it does in air .
under water , the world of sound signalling takes on an [more] significance since sound in water travels much further than light , moving a great deal faster than it does in air .

They have gradually refined their techniques over the years , with additional factors , such as ley length , continually being built in to the equation .
they have gradually refined their techniques over the years , with [more] factors , such as ley length , continually being built in to the equation .

The fund of music from Imperial Spain has only recently begun to be investigated with anything approaching seriousness , and the 500th anniversary of the discovery of the Americas by Columbus has provided an additional focus to unearthing further treasures .
the fund of music from imperial spain has only recently begun to be investigated with anything approaching seriousness , and the 500th anniversary of the discovery of the americas by columbus has provided an [more] focus to unearthing further treasures .

Also interesting and worthwhile is Verve 's 17-track ‘ Swedish Schnapps Plus ’ release from late last year ( ) ; this is an album of Parker 's quintet recordings ( from 1949–51 ) , as with ‘ The Charlie Parker Story ’ , but with additional interest in the form of trumpeters Red Rodney and Kenny Dorham ( as well as Miles Davis ) and Kenny Clarke and Max Roach on drums .
also interesting and worthwhile is verve 's 17-track ‘ swedish schnapps plus ’ release from late last year ( ) ; this is an album of parker 's quintet recordings ( from 1949–51 ) , as with ‘ the charlie parker story ’ , but with [more] interest in the form of trumpeters red rodney and kenny dorham ( as well as miles davis ) and kenny clarke and max roach on drums .

‘ One reason we went with 3i is that we get access to additional funding , ’ Lockwood says .
‘ one reason we went with 3i is that we get access to [more] funding , ’ lockwood says .

The extra-oral treatment requires processing at temperatures closer to the glass transition temperature where segmental mobility allows additional polymerisation .
the extra-oral treatment requires processing at temperatures closer to the glass transition temperature where segmental mobility allows [more] polymerisation .

An additional problem when using alumina in load bearing situations is that its elastic modulus ( 380 GPa ) is significantly higher than that of the cortical bone ( 72.5 GPa ) with which it is in contact .
an [more] problem when using alumina in load bearing situations is that its elastic modulus ( 380 gpa ) is significantly higher than that of the cortical bone ( 72.5 gpa ) with which it is in contact .

An additional consequence of this narrow definition has been an emphasis and preoccupation with the chemical and reactive sequences leading to signal generation , with little or no attention given to the materials that make up a biosensor .
an [more] consequence of this narrow definition has been an emphasis and preoccupation with the chemical and reactive sequences leading to signal generation , with little or no attention given to the materials that make up a biosensor .

Feline pregnancy lasts nine weeks , and the additional heats usually occur after three or six weeks .
feline pregnancy lasts nine weeks , and the [more] heats usually occur after three or six weeks .

This Section includes the dates , times and locations of enrolment on each campus and additional information concerning enrolment
this section includes the dates , times and locations of enrolment on each campus and [more] information concerning enrolment

Obtain a minimum of two and a maximum of eight passport size colour photographs ( see page 13 for information on additional photographs ) .
obtain a minimum of two and a maximum of eight passport size colour photographs ( see page 13 for information on [more] photographs ) .

The following notes are intended as an additional guide for new students :
the following notes are intended as an [more] guide for new students :

If you are living away from home you should make preliminary arrangements for suitable accommodation ( for additional advice see the section on Student Services on page 18 ) .
if you are living away from home you should make preliminary arrangements for suitable accommodation ( for [more] advice see the section on student services on page 18 ) .

In addition to the two photographs required for enrolment you may wish to bring additional passport size colour photographs as follows :
in addition to the two photographs required for enrolment you may wish to bring [more] passport size colour photographs as follows :

Students shall keep the prescribed terms for their courses and at the direction of the Senate may have to fulfil such additional requirements either in vacation or in intercalary periods as may be specified in course regulations .
students shall keep the prescribed terms for their courses and at the direction of the senate may have to fulfil such [more] requirements either in vacation or in intercalary periods as may be specified in course regulations .

The ward staff , however , can provide additional practical experience to compensate .
the ward staff , however , can provide [more] practical experience to compensate .

If one of them is aware that she is providing an example for the others , she will have an additional incentive to set a high standard .
if one of them is aware that she is providing an example for the others , she will have an [more] incentive to set a high standard .

As well as acting as a support for the patient she will be gaining additional information relevant to her understanding of patient care .
as well as acting as a support for the patient she will be gaining [more] information relevant to her understanding of patient care .

Is the information given up to date ? Should any additional references be included ?
is the information given up to date ? should any [more] references be included ?

Students obliged to meet these requirements will have their travel and any additional subsistence expenses reimbursed by the University in accordance with agreed scales .
students obliged to meet these requirements will have their travel and any [more] subsistence expenses reimbursed by the university in accordance with agreed scales .

such additional requirements as may be prescribed for admission to particular courses of study .
such [more] requirements as may be prescribed for admission to particular courses of study .

‘ aO ’ Additional Statistics
‘ ao ’ [more] statistics

During this period students may opt to undertake placement-related studies leading to the award of the additional qualification of Diploma in Industrial Studies , thus further integrating their academic and applied knowledge and enhancing their career prospects .
during this period students may opt to undertake placement-related studies leading to the award of the [more] qualification of diploma in industrial studies , thus further integrating their academic and applied knowledge and enhancing their career prospects .

Students also engage in school observation , make use of the micro-teaching facilities , and spend some additional time in school-based activities as part of practical studies work .
students also engage in school observation , make use of the micro-teaching facilities , and spend some [more] time in school-based activities as part of practical studies work .

Major students take a further two units and joint students an additional one , in Theatre Production .
major students take a further two units and joint students an [more] one , in theatre production .

An additional attraction of studying informatics is that graduates may now also achieve chartered engineer status through the British Computer Society , a body which has been nominated to register individuals with the Engineering Council .
an [more] attraction of studying informatics is that graduates may now also achieve chartered engineer status through the british computer society , a body which has been nominated to register individuals with the engineering council .

Some of the early prints were given additional colour by the artist and his friends .
some of the early prints were given [more] colour by the artist and his friends .

The section also explains how the basic pension is ‘ topped up ’ by the graduated and additional pension , and can be increased by continuing to work after state retirement age .
the section also explains how the basic pension is ‘ topped up ’ by the graduated and [more] pension , and can be increased by continuing to work after state retirement age .

Additional pension
[more] pension

The formula for calculating how much additional pension based on your earnings you should get is fairly complicated , and the present formula will change in the future .
the formula for calculating how much [more] pension based on your earnings you should get is fairly complicated , and the present formula will change in the future .

After retirement , the additional pension increases in line with prices , like the basic pension .
after retirement , the [more] pension increases in line with prices , like the basic pension .

Moving from job to job makes no difference to the additional pension .
moving from job to job makes no difference to the [more] pension .

Weekly additional payments will no longer be available , and there will be no special householder rate .
weekly [more] payments will no longer be available , and there will be no special householder rate .

This section discusses these pensions , how they can be increased by additional voluntary contributions , how you can build up a pension if you have no access to an employer 's scheme and how divorce affects your right to your ex-husband 's pension .
this section discusses these pensions , how they can be increased by [more] voluntary contributions , how you can build up a pension if you have no access to an employer 's scheme and how divorce affects your right to your ex-husband 's pension .

In many schemes , you 're allowed to pay additional voluntary contributions ( AVCs ) to buy a bigger pension .
in many schemes , you 're allowed to pay [more] voluntary contributions ( avcs ) to buy a bigger pension .

At peak times , additional trains run to a Half Hourly Timetable .
at peak times , [more] trains run to a half hourly timetable .

It also provides an opportunity for the therapist to re-evaluate the need for either additional or alternative treatment .
it also provides an opportunity for the therapist to re-evaluate the need for either [more] or alternative treatment .

During this session further exploration of their difficulties had led to the identification of two additional problems :
during this session further exploration of their difficulties had led to the identification of two [more] problems :

These include patients whose coping resources are temporarily exhausted , those who require further assessment , and patients for whom the mobilization of additional help is necessary before they can begin to cope with their difficulties .
these include patients whose coping resources are temporarily exhausted , those who require further assessment , and patients for whom the mobilization of [more] help is necessary before they can begin to cope with their difficulties .

And in between were ranged a number of additional hopes and objectives all of which were intended to contribute toward the creation of the ideal citizen .
and in between were ranged a number of [more] hopes and objectives all of which were intended to contribute toward the creation of the ideal citizen .

An expansion of loans and therefore deposits unless matched by the acquisition of additional cash deposits , must cause a deterioration in the liquidity position of a bank .
an expansion of loans and therefore deposits unless matched by the acquisition of [more] cash deposits , must cause a deterioration in the liquidity position of a bank .

It is now essential to make some additional points regarding banks , their financial structure and deposit creation .
it is now essential to make some [more] points regarding banks , their financial structure and deposit creation .

The 10 per cent liquid assets ratio requirement prevents further deposit creation ; the bank must acquire additional liquid assets to create more deposits .
the 10 per cent liquid assets ratio requirement prevents further deposit creation ; the bank must acquire [more] liquid assets to create more deposits .

In reality the multiplier 's size might be smaller due to the public desiring to hold additional cash ( not all the £ 100 is deposited in the bank ) .
in reality the multiplier 's size might be smaller due to the public desiring to hold [more] cash ( not all the £ 100 is deposited in the bank ) .

The undernoted sections mention some additional services provided by banks apart from the acceptance of deposits , granting of loans and funds transmission .
the undernoted sections mention some [more] services provided by banks apart from the acceptance of deposits , granting of loans and funds transmission .

In other words such institutions can never spontaneously add to their liabilities and provide borrowers with additional funds .
in other words such institutions can never spontaneously add to their liabilities and provide borrowers with [more] funds .

Assume Stage 3 balance sheet totals , and £200 of additional liquid assets are deposited in the bank . With a 10 per cent liquid assets ratio what will be the new balance sheet figures ?
assume stage 3 balance sheet totals , and £200 of [more] liquid assets are deposited in the bank . with a 10 per cent liquid assets ratio what will be the new balance sheet figures ?

It also makes possible the attainment of other economic and social goals without , perhaps , the need for additional taxation .
it also makes possible the attainment of other economic and social goals without , perhaps , the need for [more] taxation .

Underemployment is endemic is the agricultural sector where the additional output of each extra worker may be zero ( or even negative ) ; this is a major reason for population drift from rural areas into city slums in many LDCs .
underemployment is endemic is the agricultural sector where the [more] output of each extra worker may be zero ( or even negative ) ; this is a major reason for population drift from rural areas into city slums in many ldcs .

First , as a background for the reader , it is necessary to consider the additional risks and problems associated with international trade and finance .
first , as a background for the reader , it is necessary to consider the [more] risks and problems associated with international trade and finance .

An additional source of business has been the increased use of external bank finance by non-oil LDCs in financing their economic development .
an [more] source of business has been the increased use of external bank finance by non-oil ldcs in financing their economic development .

Only wealthy private individuals use the ECMs ; for most people the inconvenience of holding a bank deposit abroad would outweigh any additional interest return .
only wealthy private individuals use the ecms ; for most people the inconvenience of holding a bank deposit abroad would outweigh any [more] interest return .

The international environment with its different economic , political and social values results in additional risk for the lending banker .
the international environment with its different economic , political and social values results in [more] risk for the lending banker .

Additional information may be sought from industry/ economic experts and from correspondent banks in the borrower 's country , thus the external residence of a borrower adds new dimensions to bank lending decisions .
[more] information may be sought from industry/ economic experts and from correspondent banks in the borrower 's country , thus the external residence of a borrower adds new dimensions to bank lending decisions .

Over and above country risk associated with bank loans granted to governments and state enterprises there exists an additional risk — sovereign risk .
over and above country risk associated with bank loans granted to governments and state enterprises there exists an [more] risk — sovereign risk .

As with place-names , a wide background of reading and an enduring love of language is needed for the study of surnames , possibly even more so , for in twentieth-century England the population is made up of people from many lands , many languages , social attitudes , cultures and customs , all of which — since the first coining of surnames — have enlarged the vocabulary of words from which patronymics and other additional gnomen ( early name ) forms are drawn .
as with place-names , a wide background of reading and an enduring love of language is needed for the study of surnames , possibly even more so , for in twentieth-century england the population is made up of people from many lands , many languages , social attitudes , cultures and customs , all of which — since the first coining of surnames — have enlarged the vocabulary of words from which patronymics and other [more] gnomen ( early name ) forms are drawn .

There is no known proof of true hereditary surnames in the period before the Conquest , and although a number of Domesday tenants of English origins have names additional to their first — such as Alnod of Kent , a byname given to a man with land in Oxfordshire — there is little or no evidence to show that these were other than personal to the individuals .
there is no known proof of true hereditary surnames in the period before the conquest , and although a number of domesday tenants of english origins have names [more] to their first — such as alnod of kent , a byname given to a man with land in oxfordshire — there is little or no evidence to show that these were other than personal to the individuals .

Given these qualifications , broad categories of value are locative — names derived from place-names or topographical features ; of relationship — names of fathers or mothers , with additional syllables , pet names , font names and diminutives ; occupational and social status — indications of trade , calling or office , carried down the centuries , often in mutilated or garbled form ; nicknames — tags and sobriquets which were sufficiently distinctive , felicitous and pronounceable as to stand the test of time .
given these qualifications , broad categories of value are locative — names derived from place-names or topographical features ; of relationship — names of fathers or mothers , with [more] syllables , pet names , font names and diminutives ; occupational and social status — indications of trade , calling or office , carried down the centuries , often in mutilated or garbled form ; nicknames — tags and sobriquets which were sufficiently distinctive , felicitous and pronounceable as to stand the test of time .

There is little agreement among philologists or social historians as to what brings a particular nickname into being , although in the days when people had just one name , of a given or baptismal kind , it was probably a necessity that an additional term be pressed into service to distinguish between folk of like name .
there is little agreement among philologists or social historians as to what brings a particular nickname into being , although in the days when people had just one name , of a given or baptismal kind , it was probably a necessity that an [more] term be pressed into service to distinguish between folk of like name .

In its present form it is spelt Forsey , and its use in this chapter has the additional advantage of illustrating that various dictionaries of surnames are not accurate with regard to the meaning of this particular name ; they are at best only partly right , and at worst totally wrong .
in its present form it is spelt forsey , and its use in this chapter has the [more] advantage of illustrating that various dictionaries of surnames are not accurate with regard to the meaning of this particular name ; they are at best only partly right , and at worst totally wrong .

Epact and dominical letters These devices also appear as additional symbols and supporters of dates on documents penned in the Middle Ages ; they are auxiliaries dependent on the computation of Easter dates and , if there is any doubt created by the main convention used , can be of value .
epact and dominical letters these devices also appear as [more] symbols and supporters of dates on documents penned in the middle ages ; they are auxiliaries dependent on the computation of easter dates and , if there is any doubt created by the main convention used , can be of value .

An added burden throughout this period has been the additional costs of routing the bulk of Zambian exports and imports through South Africa .
an added burden throughout this period has been the [more] costs of routing the bulk of zambian exports and imports through south africa .

At all levels , there is a general-purpose fee payable by families for extra-curricular and additional facilities .
at all levels , there is a general-purpose fee payable by families for extra-curricular and [more] facilities .

However , in contrast to Nicaragua , where the economy has come close to collapse , in El Salvador both the additional costs of the war and increasing indebtedness have been counterbalanced by very large injections of aid from the United States .
however , in contrast to nicaragua , where the economy has come close to collapse , in el salvador both the [more] costs of the war and increasing indebtedness have been counterbalanced by very large injections of aid from the united states .

On east coast boats in the 1870s , Lewis hands got a fixed wage of £7 to £10 for a six-week period with an additional 6d or 1/- for every cran ( basket weight ) fished .
on east coast boats in the 1870s , lewis hands got a fixed wage of £7 to £10 for a six-week period with an [more] 6d or 1/- for every cran ( basket weight ) fished .

It commemorates 31 men from the Circuit who died and an additional 160 who served .
it commemorates 31 men from the circuit who died and an [more] 160 who served .

They have enough problems avoiding the stones they are throwing among themselves to be dealt such an additional blow .
they have enough problems avoiding the stones they are throwing among themselves to be dealt such an [more] blow .

It will almost certainly place additional costs on local government generally , and urban authorities in particular .
it will almost certainly place [more] costs on local government generally , and urban authorities in particular .

Primarily , this Act provided local authorities with additional economic development powers .
primarily , this act provided local authorities with [more] economic development powers .

Is there any evidence that the Partnerships obtained additional resources from the bending of appropriate central-government expenditure sources ?
is there any evidence that the partnerships obtained [more] resources from the bending of appropriate central-government expenditure sources ?

The assumption seemed to be that through some mechanism or other , the additional allocation of relatively small sums to be used for capital projects would moderate the problems of the inner-urban areas .
the assumption seemed to be that through some mechanism or other , the [more] allocation of relatively small sums to be used for capital projects would moderate the problems of the inner-urban areas .

The role of the Task Force , as specified by the Prime Minister 's Office , was essentially a strategic vision : broad issues were to be raised ; the direction of any additional expenditure was to be stipulated ; and longer-term policies were to be highlighted .
the role of the task force , as specified by the prime minister 's office , was essentially a strategic vision : broad issues were to be raised ; the direction of any [more] expenditure was to be stipulated ; and longer-term policies were to be highlighted .

The total cost of each additional job is estimated at about £8,500 in the zones , and about £23,000 for additional jobs within the local area as a whole .
the total cost of each [more] job is estimated at about £8,500 in the zones , and about £23,000 for [more] jobs within the local area as a whole .

Rate exemption was also seen as the most important factor in facilitating additional investment and in explaining why companies located in the zones .
rate exemption was also seen as the most important factor in facilitating [more] investment and in explaining why companies located in the zones .

Most additional public-sector investment has come through capital allowances .
most [more] public-sector investment has come through capital allowances .

Additional festivals are planned for Gateshead and Ebbw Vale ( Gwent ) .
[more] festivals are planned for gateshead and ebbw vale ( gwent ) .

In the first , nervous disorders are just an additional cause of absenteeism , but are unrelated to the type of job .
in the first , nervous disorders are just an [more] cause of absenteeism , but are unrelated to the type of job .

Apart from the impact of agriculture on steep slopes , there are additional pressures on the landscape of which deforestation is the most significant .
apart from the impact of agriculture on steep slopes , there are [more] pressures on the landscape of which deforestation is the most significant .

This system , in tandem with additional planting of species like peanuts ( Arachis hypogaea ) at the end of the cropping cycle and the protection of useful species by controlling forest regrowth ( by limited slashing ) in the later stages of the fallow cycle , creates a diverse ecosystem which contains patches of useful species as well as natural forest regrowth .
this system , in tandem with [more] planting of species like peanuts ( arachis hypogaea ) at the end of the cropping cycle and the protection of useful species by controlling forest regrowth ( by limited slashing ) in the later stages of the fallow cycle , creates a diverse ecosystem which contains patches of useful species as well as natural forest regrowth .

Additional recreational impacts on countryside areas occur because of formal and informal sporting activities which will be discussed in section 8.3.3 .
[more] recreational impacts on countryside areas occur because of formal and informal sporting activities which will be discussed in section 8.3.3 .

If such an association could be encouraged in crop plants like the cereals , the additional nitrogen made available by the bacteria would reduce , or possibly even eliminate , the need for artificial nitrate fertilisers and thus halt the eutrophication process in aquatic habitats and aquifers .
if such an association could be encouraged in crop plants like the cereals , the [more] nitrogen made available by the bacteria would reduce , or possibly even eliminate , the need for artificial nitrate fertilisers and thus halt the eutrophication process in aquatic habitats and aquifers .

( 1987 ) state that ‘ additional research in inherent and operational error assessment is warranted .
( 1987 ) state that ‘ [more] research in inherent and operational error assessment is warranted .

An additional and severe problem is that the volumes of data which are already collected are huge by the standards of only a decade ago .
an [more] and severe problem is that the volumes of data which are already collected are huge by the standards of only a decade ago .

Another factor which quickened the change in the status of the Foreign Office was the series of reforms instigated by the Treasury in 1848 which by 1852 , when the Foreign Office applied for additional staff , sparked off an acrimonious controversy between the two offices .
another factor which quickened the change in the status of the foreign office was the series of reforms instigated by the treasury in 1848 which by 1852 , when the foreign office applied for [more] staff , sparked off an acrimonious controversy between the two offices .

It recommended that the concentration of Government Offices should take place on the site that Hunt had proposed and that an opportunity will be provided , ‘ without incurring any additional expense , to make a great opening from Whitehall to Westminster Abbey by erecting the new buildings on each side of such thoroughfare ’ .
it recommended that the concentration of government offices should take place on the site that hunt had proposed and that an opportunity will be provided , ‘ without incurring any [more] expense , to make a great opening from whitehall to westminster abbey by erecting the new buildings on each side of such thoroughfare ’ .

This crossed with Trevelyan 's letter , so he wrote again on 12th December , pointing out that the £30,000 voted by Parliament was only for a portion of the site authorized and that an additional £80,000 would be required to purchase the whole area .
this crossed with trevelyan 's letter , so he wrote again on 12th december , pointing out that the £30,000 voted by parliament was only for a portion of the site authorized and that an [more] £80,000 would be required to purchase the whole area .

This west front was given an additional attic storey .
this west front was given an [more] attic storey .

No further steps were taken until 28th October , 1857 , when Wilson wrote to Hall , on behalf of the Lords of the Treasury , saying that as they did not want to incur additional expenditure on architects ' fees for further rejected plans for the Foreign Office , they had looked at Pennethorne 's plans and would use those .
no further steps were taken until 28th october , 1857 , when wilson wrote to hall , on behalf of the lords of the treasury , saying that as they did not want to incur [more] expenditure on architects ' fees for further rejected plans for the foreign office , they had looked at pennethorne 's plans and would use those .

He accused Tite of inconsistency by advocating Pennethorne to the Select Committee and now saying that the competitors should be taken in order of precedence , and repeated the main arguments that he had used in the delegation , with the New Town of Edinburgh as an additional example of the monotony of classical architecture .
he accused tite of inconsistency by advocating pennethorne to the select committee and now saying that the competitors should be taken in order of precedence , and repeated the main arguments that he had used in the delegation , with the new town of edinburgh as an [more] example of the monotony of classical architecture .

Cold weather payments — During periods of very cold weather , you may be able to claim an additional £5 for every very cold week .
cold weather payments — during periods of very cold weather , you may be able to claim an [more] £5 for every very cold week .

Is there perhaps some additional reason for the increase in wheat yields ?
is there perhaps some [more] reason for the increase in wheat yields ?

It gives additional information which can be used as experience grows and by those who already possess some knowledge of Homoeopathy .
it gives [more] information which can be used as experience grows and by those who already possess some knowledge of homoeopathy .

Finally , having ranked the symptoms as above , additional points need to be allocated according to the strength of each symptom on a scale of 1 to 3. dTake into account the intensity and consistency in deciding how many points to give for this .
finally , having ranked the symptoms as above , [more] points need to be allocated according to the strength of each symptom on a scale of 1 to 3. dtake into account the intensity and consistency in deciding how many points to give for this .

Fathers ’ involvement in child rearing is an additional route to positive outcomes for children .
fathers ’ involvement in child rearing is an [more] route to positive outcomes for children .

In Bronson ’ s book , you ’ ll ﬁnd additional recommendations , organized into four broad play-activity categories : social and fantasy play ; exploration and cognitive mastery ; music , art , and movement ; and gross motor play .
in bronson ’ s book , you ’ ll ﬁnd [more] recommendations , organized into four broad play-activity categories : social and fantasy play ; exploration and cognitive mastery ; music , art , and movement ; and gross motor play .

Three additional ways to avoid excessive punishment are worth mentioning .
three [more] ways to avoid excessive punishment are worth mentioning .

Anselmo ’ s resulting disorganized behavior and dependency prompt additional parental vacillation—sometimes refusals to help , at other times maladaptive helping—along with exasperation and criticism .
anselmo ’ s resulting disorganized behavior and dependency prompt [more] parental vacillation—sometimes refusals to help , at other times maladaptive helping—along with exasperation and criticism .

These capacities , in turn , ease the task of establishing an intersubjective connection , and that connection provides the platform for the creation of additional “ zones , ” enabling children to master complex , culturally adaptive skills .
these capacities , in turn , ease the task of establishing an intersubjective connection , and that connection provides the platform for the creation of [more] “ zones , ” enabling children to master complex , culturally adaptive skills .

When Sydney ’ s father observes that this suggestion is not sucient for her to succeed , he oers additional support , “ Find a piece that looks like this shape and matches this color ” and “ Turn it. ” His statements contain strategies ( attending to color and shape , patiently adjusting pieces so they ﬁt ) that Sydney can use in future attempts .
when sydney ’ s father observes that this suggestion is not sucient for her to succeed , he oers [more] support , “ find a piece that looks like this shape and matches this color ” and “ turn it. ” his statements contain strategies ( attending to color and shape , patiently adjusting pieces so they ﬁt ) that sydney can use in future attempts .

Through game play , children receive additional experience in setting goals , in regulating behavior in pursuit of those goals , and in subordinating behavior to rules .
through game play , children receive [more] experience in setting goals , in regulating behavior in pursuit of those goals , and in subordinating behavior to rules .

The optimal policy is one for which marginal increases or decreases in chosen inventory levels will not confer additional profits .
the optimal policy is one for which marginal increases or decreases in chosen inventory levels will not confer [more] profits .

This chapter shows that suppliers must take additional dimensions into consideration when they make decisions about sourcing .
this chapter shows that suppliers must take [more] dimensions into consideration when they make decisions about sourcing .

In the mid-1990s , Nordstrom ran newspaper ads promising , for certain products , that if the size or color of an item the customer wished to purchase was not in stock at the store , Nordstrom would locate the desired item and mail it to the customer at no additional cost—both the item and its delivery were free .
in the mid-1990s , nordstrom ran newspaper ads promising , for certain products , that if the size or color of an item the customer wished to purchase was not in stock at the store , nordstrom would locate the desired item and mail it to the customer at no [more] cost—both the item and its delivery were free .

This approach has benefits on three fronts : the retailer avoids a lost sale and its associated margin ; a potentially dissatisfied customer is delighted by the store ’ s additional service and free product ; and last , but certainly not least , for a very small fee—the wholesale cost of the product and shipping fees—Nordstrom gains critical information about consumer demand .
this approach has benefits on three fronts : the retailer avoids a lost sale and its associated margin ; a potentially dissatisfied customer is delighted by the store ’ s [more] service and free product ; and last , but certainly not least , for a very small fee—the wholesale cost of the product and shipping fees—nordstrom gains critical information about consumer demand .

Of course , when a product has just been launched and no historical data exist on which to base a forecast , retailers confront additional challenges .
of course , when a product has just been launched and no historical data exist on which to base a forecast , retailers confront [more] challenges .

In addition , it is useful to divide the items retailers order into two groups : those for which additional units can be obtained from the supplier during the selling season for that product and those that can not —that is , replenishable products versus nonreplenishables .
in addition , it is useful to divide the items retailers order into two groups : those for which [more] units can be obtained from the supplier during the selling season for that product and those that can not —that is , replenishable products versus nonreplenishables .

To determine the optimal quantity for a SKU , the retailer finds the number of units to order so that the expected marginal cost of stocking an additional unit and not being able to sell it equals the expected marginal cost of not stocking that unit when it would have sold if available .
to determine the optimal quantity for a sku , the retailer finds the number of units to order so that the expected marginal cost of stocking an [more] unit and not being able to sell it equals the expected marginal cost of not stocking that unit when it would have sold if available .

This makes sense , because the margins on these dresses are high relative to the cost of buying additional dresses and having to dispose of them below cost .
this makes sense , because the margins on these dresses are high relative to the cost of buying [more] dresses and having to dispose of them below cost .

Once again , if lead times are uncertain , retailers must hold additional safety stock to meet demand in the event of an unusually long lead time .
once again , if lead times are uncertain , retailers must hold [more] safety stock to meet demand in the event of an unusually long lead time .

The new world of rapid replenishment implies additional capabilities for both the retailer and manufacturer .
the new world of rapid replenishment implies [more] capabilities for both the retailer and manufacturer .

Long production runs of the same basic item of apparel , with the same fabric , allow sewing operators to make major machine settings once a day , with only a few additional adjustments required throughout the shift .
long production runs of the same basic item of apparel , with the same fabric , allow sewing operators to make major machine settings once a day , with only a few [more] adjustments required throughout the shift .

Putting another ply on top the same way creates an additional problem .
putting another ply on top the same way creates an [more] problem .

By the late eighteenth century , the Catholic Church forbade additional burials inside churches , supposedly for public health reasons , but the ricos , the well-to-do , continued to buy their way into the churches .
by the late eighteenth century , the catholic church forbade [more] burials inside churches , supposedly for public health reasons , but the ricos , the well-to-do , continued to buy their way into the churches .

Perhaps the very brevity of Lincoln ’ s words lent them additional power .
perhaps the very brevity of lincoln ’ s words lent them [more] power .

The campaign to overcome impediments to black voting would take several generations , including additional amendments and legislation abolishing poll taxes and literacy tests .
the campaign to overcome impediments to black voting would take several generations , including [more] amendments and legislation abolishing poll taxes and literacy tests .

If we look at the legacy of the Slaughterhouse Case and the Civil Rights Cases together , we should note two additional casualties to the vision of a new postbellum legal order .
if we look at the legacy of the slaughterhouse case and the civil rights cases together , we should note two [more] casualties to the vision of a new postbellum legal order .

In this final phrase that , along with the opening “ four score and seven years ago ” has become the most familiar cadence of the address , Lincoln formulates an additional commitment of the postbellum era .
in this final phrase that , along with the opening “ four score and seven years ago ” has become the most familiar cadence of the address , lincoln formulates an [more] commitment of the postbellum era .

Many people of multiracial backgrounds prefer to identify themselves as “ black , ” on the theory that it enhances the interests of the African- American population to appear as numerous as possible.25 For the government to serve as the vanguard of a new constitutional order , the people must trust officials in Washington with additional powers and run the risk of governmental abuse .
many people of multiracial backgrounds prefer to identify themselves as “ black , ” on the theory that it enhances the interests of the african- american population to appear as numerous as possible.25 for the government to serve as the vanguard of a new constitutional order , the people must trust officials in washington with [more] powers and run the risk of governmental abuse .

If a given cell is at the phase transition between order and chaos , and additional molecular inputs , S per cell , come from C dierent types of cells , the total connectivity in the cell is raised from KN to KN + CS .
if a given cell is at the phase transition between order and chaos , and [more] molecular inputs , s per cell , come from c dierent types of cells , the total connectivity in the cell is raised from kn to kn + cs .

Such additional molecular features may include electric charge , dipole moment , hydrophobicity , or other features .
such [more] molecular features may include electric charge , dipole moment , hydrophobicity , or other features .

The first additional system consists in pyrophosphate , PP , a high-energy dimer of monophosphate that breaks down to form two monophosphates , P + P. Like any reaction , the reaction converting PP to P + P has an equilibrium , hence an equilibrium ratio of PP and P. In the presence of excess PP compared to equilibrium , the reaction flows toward equilibrium by the spontaneous cleavage of PP to yield P + P .
the first [more] system consists in pyrophosphate , pp , a high-energy dimer of monophosphate that breaks down to form two monophosphates , p + p. like any reaction , the reaction converting pp to p + p has an equilibrium , hence an equilibrium ratio of pp and p. in the presence of excess pp compared to equilibrium , the reaction flows toward equilibrium by the spontaneous cleavage of pp to yield p + p .

The excess synthesis of 3 ’ CCCGGG5 ’ constitutes excess reproduction of the hexamer autocatalytic reaction product beyond that which would occur without the coupling to the additional PP free energy source .
the excess synthesis of 3 ’ cccggg5 ’ constitutes excess reproduction of the hexamer autocatalytic reaction product beyond that which would occur without the coupling to the [more] pp free energy source .

We need to add energy to resynthesize PP from P + P. To do so , I invoke an additional source of free energy in the form of an electron , e , which absorbs a photon , hv ; is driven endergonically to an excited state , e* , and falls back exergonically to its low-energy state , e , in a reaction that is coupled to the synthesis of PP from P + P .
we need to add energy to resynthesize pp from p + p. to do so , i invoke an [more] source of free energy in the form of an electron , e , which absorbs a photon , hv ; is driven endergonically to an excited state , e* , and falls back exergonically to its low-energy state , e , in a reaction that is coupled to the synthesis of pp from p + p .

Compactification of an eleven-dimensional space and time can be thought of as a large-scale three-dimensional space and time , but with the additional dimensions curled up at each point in the large-scale three-dimensional space .
compactification of an eleven-dimensional space and time can be thought of as a large-scale three-dimensional space and time , but with the [more] dimensions curled up at each point in the large-scale three-dimensional space .

Additional pressures from arriving miners pushed the missionaries ’ plight beyond recovery .
[more] pressures from arriving miners pushed the missionaries ’ plight beyond recovery .

Additional catalysts for the valley ’ s growth came from World War II .
[more] catalysts for the valley ’ s growth came from world war ii .

Over 20,000 additional hotel rooms have been added in a few short years , including resorts in Summerlin and Lake Las Vegas .
over 20,000 [more] hotel rooms have been added in a few short years , including resorts in summerlin and lake las vegas .

In its heyday Port Antonio was the undisputed “ banana capital of the world , ” with an additional benefit : the banana boats brought the first tourists to Jamaica .
in its heyday port antonio was the undisputed “ banana capital of the world , ” with an [more] benefit : the banana boats brought the first tourists to jamaica .

All the beaches served by public transport have snack bars , beach chairs for hire , and umbrellas and additional amenities to one degree or another .
all the beaches served by public transport have snack bars , beach chairs for hire , and umbrellas and [more] amenities to one degree or another .

The Harem , open from 10:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. , can be visited only on the official 30-minute guided tour ( offered in English and other languages ) , for which you must buy an additional ticket .
the harem , open from 10:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. , can be visited only on the official 30-minute guided tour ( offered in english and other languages ) , for which you must buy an [more] ticket .

The building collected city taxes during the 14th century but fulfilled several additional functions in later centuries .
the building collected city taxes during the 14th century but fulfilled several [more] functions in later centuries .

Sixty-four additional statuettes carved into the structure represent characters from Scott ’ s books .
sixty-four [more] statuettes carved into the structure represent characters from scott ’ s books .

An additional observatory was added in the 1820s , but the smoky skies and train steam over the city at that time made it an unsuitable location for watching the stars .
an [more] observatory was added in the 1820s , but the smoky skies and train steam over the city at that time made it an unsuitable location for watching the stars .

For additional information , you can access websites for all the festivals at < www.edinburghfestivals.co.uk > ( see tickets , page 127 , for contact information for the various festivals ) .
for [more] information , you can access websites for all the festivals at < www.edinburghfestivals.co.uk > ( see tickets , page 127 , for contact information for the various festivals ) .

Water-skiing is somewhat harder to find , but certain hotels do provide motorboats and skis with fixed rates for a 10-minute tour and an additional fee per lesson .
water-skiing is somewhat harder to find , but certain hotels do provide motorboats and skis with fixed rates for a 10-minute tour and an [more] fee per lesson .

At the gorge ’ s north end , Ryuzu-no-taki ( “ Dragon ’ s Head Falls ” ) is broader but not as high ; it has the additional merit of a teahouse , where you can sit and watch the water tumble into the lake .
at the gorge ’ s north end , ryuzu-no-taki ( “ dragon ’ s head falls ” ) is broader but not as high ; it has the [more] merit of a teahouse , where you can sit and watch the water tumble into the lake .

The Ibicencos fortified the bulwarks and built additional towers and fortresses throughout to help shield themselves against enemy incursions .
the ibicencos fortified the bulwarks and built [more] towers and fortresses throughout to help shield themselves against enemy incursions .

You ’ ll find some additional phrases beginning on page 218 .
you ’ ll find some [more] phrases beginning on page 218 .

In 1999 , an additional 100 paintings were added to the collection .
in 1999 , an [more] 100 paintings were added to the collection .

Although the monk died in Bologna in 1221 , the tomb was designed much later by Nicola Pisano with additional works by Nicolò dell ’ Arca and the 20-year-old Michelangelo .
although the monk died in bologna in 1221 , the tomb was designed much later by nicola pisano with [more] works by nicolò dell ’ arca and the 20-year-old michelangelo .

During that period , competing plans called for it to be a bank , a railroad station , and an additional memorial to Napoleon and his armies .
during that period , competing plans called for it to be a bank , a railroad station , and an [more] memorial to napoleon and his armies .

You can also have a massage at this point ( for an additional fee ) .
you can also have a massage at this point ( for an [more] fee ) .

Among the additional ingredients are morsels of squid and shrimp , mussels , rabbit , sausage , peppers , chicken , onions , peas and beans , tomatoes , garlic .
among the [more] ingredients are morsels of squid and shrimp , mussels , rabbit , sausage , peppers , chicken , onions , peas and beans , tomatoes , garlic .

Kendal became a frontier castle , and pele towers — square defensive structures , from the word pel , meaning stake — were attached to the larger houses in the Lakes were to provide additional protection .
kendal became a frontier castle , and pele towers — square defensive structures , from the word pel , meaning stake — were attached to the larger houses in the lakes were to provide [more] protection .

These are obtainable at special offices in both Kathmandu and Pokhara ( or , for an additional charge , through Kathmandu or Pokhara trekking companies ) .
these are obtainable at special offices in both kathmandu and pokhara ( or , for an [more] charge , through kathmandu or pokhara trekking companies ) .

The home remains a private residence and not a museum ; however there are additional murals by Rivera inside .
the home remains a private residence and not a museum ; however there are [more] murals by rivera inside .

Mudbaths and spectacular sunset viewing are additional attractions , and palapa restaurants are available where you can dine .
mudbaths and spectacular sunset viewing are [more] attractions , and palapa restaurants are available where you can dine .

Additional attractions are the Museo de Taxco Guillermo Spratling , featuring a collection of pre-Columbian artifacts , the Silver Museum , and the Casa Humboldt , which details the past of this historic town .
[more] attractions are the museo de taxco guillermo spratling , featuring a collection of pre-columbian artifacts , the silver museum , and the casa humboldt , which details the past of this historic town .

An additional 8 km ( 5 miles ) down the coast road from Mazunte is the dusty beach village Puerto Angel , once considered a prime destination for backpackers and budget travelers .
an [more] 8 km ( 5 miles ) down the coast road from mazunte is the dusty beach village puerto angel , once considered a prime destination for backpackers and budget travelers .

It fronts the Iglesia Guadalupana , the main church in town , which is decorated with an enormous ceiling mural of the Virgin of Guadalupe , set in a background of indigo-blue night sky ; additional , brilliantly colored murals adorn the walls .
it fronts the iglesia guadalupana , the main church in town , which is decorated with an enormous ceiling mural of the virgin of guadalupe , set in a background of indigo-blue night sky ; [more] , brilliantly colored murals adorn the walls .

There are a couple of dozen stables and riding schools in the environs of the capital ; ask for additional information from Tourist Information Centers or your hotel .
there are a couple of dozen stables and riding schools in the environs of the capital ; ask for [more] information from tourist information centers or your hotel .

There are over 500 cones on the surface , with an additional 300 covered by lava flows .
there are over 500 cones on the surface , with an [more] 300 covered by lava flows .

They held it for only a year before returning it to Spain in exchange for Florida , but during this period trade was opened up to additional markets , notably the North American colonies .
they held it for only a year before returning it to spain in exchange for florida , but during this period trade was opened up to [more] markets , notably the north american colonies .

One answer to the problem of excessive buying might be to buy additional luggage to carry your souvenirs home .
one answer to the problem of excessive buying might be to buy [more] luggage to carry your souvenirs home .

Contact one of the following for additional information : Days Catch Charter , Abaco ( Tel .
contact one of the following for [more] information : days catch charter , abaco ( tel .

At the end of this extended gazetteer , we provide “ Briefings ” on 24 additional cities and sights that are less frequently visited on typical tours .
at the end of this extended gazetteer , we provide “ briefings ” on 24 [more] cities and sights that are less frequently visited on typical tours .

An additional incentive for visiting in autumn is the sight and fragrance of osmanthus ( cassia ) blossoms all over town ; in fact , the name Guilin means “ Cassia Woods . ”
an [more] incentive for visiting in autumn is the sight and fragrance of osmanthus ( cassia ) blossoms all over town ; in fact , the name guilin means “ cassia woods . ”

The following cities and sights are among the additional attractions that might be included on tours and itineraries .
the following cities and sights are among the [more] attractions that might be included on tours and itineraries .

Across from the main entrance of Schloß Charlottenburg lie three excellent museums , while two additional can be found within the walls of the picturesque palace itself .
across from the main entrance of schloß charlottenburg lie three excellent museums , while two [more] can be found within the walls of the picturesque palace itself .

For additional information , contact the tourist office in Porto .
for [more] information , contact the tourist office in porto .

For those with additional time and interest in seeing more of Portugal , a brief section on the Portuguese capital Lisbon and its seductive environs is included .
for those with [more] time and interest in seeing more of portugal , a brief section on the portuguese capital lisbon and its seductive environs is included .

At carrer Portaferrisa , a left will take you to La Rambla , while a right turn will take you back near the Cathedral and a handful of additional sights on the perimeter of the Barri Gòtic .
at carrer portaferrisa , a left will take you to la rambla , while a right turn will take you back near the cathedral and a handful of [more] sights on the perimeter of the barri gòtic .

Additional examples of modernisme , by other architects of the period , are littered throughout the Eixample and are too numerous to detail here .
[more] examples of modernisme , by other architects of the period , are littered throughout the eixample and are too numerous to detail here .

Carefully restored mansions of the well-to-do have been turned into museums , while art galleries , craft shops , and restaurants occupy additional lovely old buildings .
carefully restored mansions of the well-to-do have been turned into museums , while art galleries , craft shops , and restaurants occupy [more] lovely old buildings .

For additional information , see the Berlitz Travel Guide to Morocco .
for [more] information , see the berlitz travel guide to morocco .

Additional shopping options along Jianguomenwai Dajie include the Friendship Store , the best place to browse for Chinese gifts and souvenirs , and the Silk Alley Market ( Xiushui Shichang ) , the city ’ s most popular open-air clothing market .
[more] shopping options along jianguomenwai dajie include the friendship store , the best place to browse for chinese gifts and souvenirs , and the silk alley market ( xiushui shichang ) , the city ’ s most popular open-air clothing market .

States like Kentucky where poverty declined slightly suffered cuts because other large states had significant increases in poverty and will drain additional federal money from the Legal Services fund , Hamon said .
states like kentucky where poverty declined slightly suffered cuts because other large states had significant increases in poverty and will drain [more] federal money from the legal services fund , hamon said .

Over the next four years , Legal Aid intends to raise an additional $ 10 million .
over the next four years , legal aid intends to raise an [more] $ 10 million .

Milne said she may ask the board overseeing her organization to give her until November to seek funding from additional sources .
milne said she may ask the board overseeing her organization to give her until november to seek funding from [more] sources .

Without additional funding , the outlook for longer-term legal help is unclear .
without [more] funding , the outlook for longer-term legal help is unclear .

Brown and Cole County Circuit Judge Byron Kinder used some of the money to remodel the Cole County Courthouse and to pay additional salaries to courthouse secretaries .
brown and cole county circuit judge byron kinder used some of the money to remodel the cole county courthouse and to pay [more] salaries to courthouse secretaries .

Since then , it has drawn seven additional law schools to its ranks : the University of Michigan , Rutgers and Syracuse Law Schools , New York Law School , University of New Mexico School of Law , Thomas M. Cooley Law School and Touro Law School .
since then , it has drawn seven [more] law schools to its ranks : the university of michigan , rutgers and syracuse law schools , new york law school , university of new mexico school of law , thomas m. cooley law school and touro law school .

In fact , the additional fees will ensure wider access to the judicial system for Kentucky 's poor , said Geveden , D-Wickliffe .
in fact , the [more] fees will ensure wider access to the judicial system for kentucky 's poor , said geveden , d-wickliffe .

As an additional advantage , all of that pro bono service would be done by attorneys already familiar with and trained in the courts they would serve . ''
as an [more] advantage , all of that pro bono service would be done by attorneys already familiar with and trained in the courts they would serve . ''

That means raising an additional $ 2.5 million a year .
that means raising an [more] $ 2.5 million a year .

The additional revenue from higher court-filing fees will total about $ 60,000 a year , of which approximately $ 40,000 will be spent on salary for an additional lawyer to assist Gloria Einstein , who has been the only Legal Aid lawyer in Clay County for many years .
the [more] revenue from higher court-filing fees will total about $ 60,000 a year , of which approximately $ 40,000 will be spent on salary for an [more] lawyer to assist gloria einstein , who has been the only legal aid lawyer in clay county for many years .

Seventeen evictions were delayed , giving families additional time to find new housing , Romeo said .
seventeen evictions were delayed , giving families [more] time to find new housing , romeo said .

The fee increase is expected to generate $ 2.4 million for the Lawyers Trust Fund and more than $ 400,000 for LAP , to provide additional staff and resources .
the fee increase is expected to generate $ 2.4 million for the lawyers trust fund and more than $ 400,000 for lap , to provide [more] staff and resources .

The committee urged the justices to provide additional resources for such programs in Illinois through increased registration fees .
the committee urged the justices to provide [more] resources for such programs in illinois through increased registration fees .

The additional revenue generated by the fee hike will allow LAP to establish offices in central and southern Illinois and expand its outreach in law schools , according to Murphy .
the [more] revenue generated by the fee hike will allow lap to establish offices in central and southern illinois and expand its outreach in law schools , according to murphy .

She added that the additional funding also will allow LAP to help more with relapse treatment and following up with lawyers who have completed the program .
she added that the [more] funding also will allow lap to help more with relapse treatment and following up with lawyers who have completed the program .

Alexander also requested money for five additional Superior Court judgeships and one additional District Court judgeships , arguing that increased caseloads require more judges .
alexander also requested money for five [more] superior court judgeships and one [more] district court judgeships , arguing that increased caseloads require more judges .

Inadequate access to treatment/ineffective treatment Effective , low-cost interventions that require minimal additional staff to implement are already available .
inadequate access to treatment/ineffective treatment effective , low-cost interventions that require minimal [more] staff to implement are already available .

Brief interventions may play an important role in motivating such patients to accept a treatment referral or can be used to establish motivation while waiting for access to publicly funded treatment.41,42 One trial , Project Assert , provided brief interventions and used an active referral process to gain access to the marginal capacity of the substance abuse treatment system for those who needed additional care.43 Its success led to its adoption by Boston Medical Center as a value-added service in the emergency department .
brief interventions may play an important role in motivating such patients to accept a treatment referral or can be used to establish motivation while waiting for access to publicly funded treatment.41,42 one trial , project assert , provided brief interventions and used an active referral process to gain access to the marginal capacity of the substance abuse treatment system for those who needed [more] care.43 its success led to its adoption by boston medical center as a value-added service in the emergency department .

To date , all published studies on emergency department or trauma center interventions have used the collaborative care approach.2,3,34,51 Financial considerations Despite the prevalence of alcohol use disorders , hospital administrators are likely to raise concerns about hiring additional staff to conduct interventions because they do not consider addressing alcohol problems as part of their mission .
to date , all published studies on emergency department or trauma center interventions have used the collaborative care approach.2,3,34,51 financial considerations despite the prevalence of alcohol use disorders , hospital administrators are likely to raise concerns about hiring [more] staff to conduct interventions because they do not consider addressing alcohol problems as part of their mission .

Social workers and similar individuals are available , but shifting the burden to these individuals will still require hiring additional employees .
social workers and similar individuals are available , but shifting the burden to these individuals will still require hiring [more] employees .

Although claims data provide the most accurate information about health care use , ensuring adequate follow-up for purposes of obtaining information from patient self-report is important because many people do not report alcohol-related events to insurance compa-nies.40 In order to interest other stakeholders , such as policymakers and health care providers , additional databases should be used to assess other outcomes : for example , motor vehicle records to detect crashes ; police records to assess criminal activities ; and state vital statistics registries , the Social Security Death Index , and the Fatal Accident Reporting System ( FARS ) to detect mortality .
although claims data provide the most accurate information about health care use , ensuring adequate follow-up for purposes of obtaining information from patient self-report is important because many people do not report alcohol-related events to insurance compa-nies.40 in order to interest other stakeholders , such as policymakers and health care providers , [more] databases should be used to assess other outcomes : for example , motor vehicle records to detect crashes ; police records to assess criminal activities ; and state vital statistics registries , the social security death index , and the fatal accident reporting system ( fars ) to detect mortality .

It is evident that additional research is needed to 1 ) refine the set of single questions that improve efficacy and efficiency ; 2 ) identify high-risk groups , essential to focused , effective screening ; and 3 ) match the alcohol-related problem to the intervention .
it is evident that [more] research is needed to 1 ) refine the set of single questions that improve efficacy and efficiency ; 2 ) identify high-risk groups , essential to focused , effective screening ; and 3 ) match the alcohol-related problem to the intervention .

There are additional complexities to doing research in the emergency department setting , created by the physical environment , the practice environment , the ever-increasing demand for emergency care as evidenced by increases in ED visits , and the financial constraints that affect the type of real-world interventions that can be implemented and evaluated .
there are [more] complexities to doing research in the emergency department setting , created by the physical environment , the practice environment , the ever-increasing demand for emergency care as evidenced by increases in ed visits , and the financial constraints that affect the type of real-world interventions that can be implemented and evaluated .

Change of drinking and risky behaviors is left to the treatment program , and almost always , abstinence from alcohol is the goal of these treatment programs.37 On the other hand , motivational interviewing approaches view change as the province and responsibility of the individual and work with the individual at whatever level of motivation or stage of change is appropriate to promote consideration of change and an individualized plan of action that does not necessarily include additional treatment or self-help groups like Alcoholics Anonymous .
change of drinking and risky behaviors is left to the treatment program , and almost always , abstinence from alcohol is the goal of these treatment programs.37 on the other hand , motivational interviewing approaches view change as the province and responsibility of the individual and work with the individual at whatever level of motivation or stage of change is appropriate to promote consideration of change and an individualized plan of action that does not necessarily include [more] treatment or self-help groups like alcoholics anonymous .

However , systemic and practical barriers must be overcome and additional research conducted to take full advantage of this opportunity .
however , systemic and practical barriers must be overcome and [more] research conducted to take full advantage of this opportunity .

She added that physician buy-in is critical to overcoming professional resistance , and that it is important to identify additional partners who can move intervention services forward in a particular setting or institution .
she added that physician buy-in is critical to overcoming professional resistance , and that it is important to identify [more] partners who can move intervention services forward in a particular setting or institution .

Staff with any level of prior health training and little additional training should be able to administer an ideal test .
staff with any level of prior health training and little [more] training should be able to administer an ideal test .

Computer-administered or self-administered screens may address this issue by allowing patients to spend more time completing in-depth questioning with no additional staff time.54,55 This approach promises practical avenues for obtaining more information .
computer-administered or self-administered screens may address this issue by allowing patients to spend more time completing in-depth questioning with no [more] staff time.54,55 this approach promises practical avenues for obtaining more information .

Providing immediate feedback may help make the transition from screening to counseling with little additional intervention .
providing immediate feedback may help make the transition from screening to counseling with little [more] intervention .

Moreover , the magnitude of the challenges that the new department faces will clearly require substantial time and effort , and will take institutional continuity and additional resources to make it fully effective .
moreover , the magnitude of the challenges that the new department faces will clearly require substantial time and effort , and will take institutional continuity and [more] resources to make it fully effective .

Rather , it is meant to suggest that reorganizations of government agencies frequently encounter start-up problems and unanticipated consequences that result from the consolidations are unlikely to fully overcome obstacles and challenges , and may require additional modifications in the future to effectively achieve our collective goals for defending the country against terrorism.7 The Congress faces a challenging and complex job in its consideration of DHS .
rather , it is meant to suggest that reorganizations of government agencies frequently encounter start-up problems and unanticipated consequences that result from the consolidations are unlikely to fully overcome obstacles and challenges , and may require [more] modifications in the future to effectively achieve our collective goals for defending the country against terrorism.7 the congress faces a challenging and complex job in its consideration of dhs .

Requiring that both the performance contract and the subsequent performance evaluation be made available to the Congress would provide additional accountability and transparency .
requiring that both the performance contract and the subsequent performance evaluation be made available to the congress would provide [more] accountability and transparency .

Careful analysis is needed to determine the need for additional flexibilities .
careful analysis is needed to determine the need for [more] flexibilities .

For additional information about the report , contact J. Christopher Mihm on ( 202 ) 512-6806 .
for [more] information about the report , contact j. christopher mihm on ( 202 ) 512-6806 .

For additional information on our objectives , scope , and methodology , see appendix I. BLM , FHWA , IRS , and VBA are in the early stages of implementing new performance management systems for their senior executives .
for [more] information on our objectives , scope , and methodology , see appendix i. blm , fhwa , irs , and vba are in the early stages of implementing new performance management systems for their senior executives .

In fiscal year 2000 , IRS implemented a senior executive performance management system that aligned the executives ' performance expectations with a set of balanced expectations consisting of employee satisfaction , customer satisfaction , and business results , and with two additional areas of responsibility-leadership and equal employment opportunity .
in fiscal year 2000 , irs implemented a senior executive performance management system that aligned the executives ' performance expectations with a set of balanced expectations consisting of employee satisfaction , customer satisfaction , and business results , and with two [more] areas of responsibility-leadership and equal employment opportunity .

The Gallup Organization administers this survey to all employees , which is comprised of Gallup 's 12 questions ( `` Q12 '' ) ; 9 additional questions unique to IRS , such as views on local union chapters and employee organizations ; as well as questions on issues IRS has been tracking over time .
the gallup organization administers this survey to all employees , which is comprised of gallup 's 12 questions ( `` q12 '' ) ; 9 [more] questions unique to irs , such as views on local union chapters and employee organizations ; as well as questions on issues irs has been tracking over time .

If the business unit exceeds its point budget , it has the opportunity to request additional points from the Deputy Commissioner .
if the business unit exceeds its point budget , it has the opportunity to request [more] points from the deputy commissioner .

IRS officials indicated that none of the business units requested additional points for the fiscal year 2001 ratings .
irs officials indicated that none of the business units requested [more] points for the fiscal year 2001 ratings .

For elements where a level of achievement other than fully successful has been assigned , the rating official must describe the executive 's achievements on additional pages .
for elements where a level of achievement other than fully successful has been assigned , the rating official must describe the executive 's achievements on [more] pages .

VBA outlined specific sub-elements for the service delivery element and replaced the leadership development element with two additional elements-program integrity and information security .
vba outlined specific sub-elements for the service delivery element and replaced the leadership development element with two [more] elements-program integrity and information security .

Regional processing organization directors will have an additional standard provided at a later date .
regional processing organization directors will have an [more] standard provided at a later date .

Additional copies are $ 2 each .
[more] copies are $ 2 each .

The preamble to the interim rules contains a further discussion of additional analyses considered and performed by the Departments , including an analysis prepared by Coopers and Lybrand .
the preamble to the interim rules contains a further discussion of [more] analyses considered and performed by the departments , including an analysis prepared by coopers and lybrand .

However , I believe that additional actions by the board and AICPA management will be needed to restore trust and confidence in the Institute over the longer-term .
however , i believe that [more] actions by the board and aicpa management will be needed to restore trust and confidence in the institute over the longer-term .

In a large number of cases , key executives have been granted additional stock options or their existing options have been re-priced ( i.e. , lower strike price ) because of a decline in the market value of their company 's stock .
in a large number of cases , key executives have been granted [more] stock options or their existing options have been re-priced ( i.e. , lower strike price ) because of a decline in the market value of their company 's stock .

Importantly , once additional needed corporate governance reforms are made to enhance the independence and capacity of the board , the opportunity to implement the needed realignment will be greatly enhanced .
importantly , once [more] needed corporate governance reforms are made to enhance the independence and capacity of the board , the opportunity to implement the needed realignment will be greatly enhanced .

In light of recent events , a consensus has emerged that the SEC needs significant additional resources to help ensure that it can do its job properly .
in light of recent events , a consensus has emerged that the sec needs significant [more] resources to help ensure that it can do its job properly .

Additional legislation has also been proposed that would , among other things , give employees the ability to diversify their employer matching contributions out of company stock more rapidly than they can under current law .
[more] legislation has also been proposed that would , among other things , give employees the ability to diversify their employer matching contributions out of company stock more rapidly than they can under current law .

However , as noted above , additional actions are necessary in order to address several remaining systemic issues .
however , as noted above , [more] actions are necessary in order to address several remaining systemic issues .

Additional copies of reports are $ 2 each .
[more] copies of reports are $ 2 each .

Without a systematic measurement of the extent of the problem , agency management can not determine ( 1 ) if the problem is significant enough to require corrective action , ( 2 ) how much to costeffectively invest in internal control systems to correct the problem , or ( 3 ) the impact of the actions already taken to reduce improper payments or additional corrective actions needed .
without a systematic measurement of the extent of the problem , agency management can not determine ( 1 ) if the problem is significant enough to require corrective action , ( 2 ) how much to costeffectively invest in internal control systems to correct the problem , or ( 3 ) the impact of the actions already taken to reduce improper payments or [more] corrective actions needed .

The increased size of federal programs , spending pressures , implementation of new programs , and changes in existing programs all but guarantee that , absent improvements in internal controls and other proactive actions , the potential for additional or larger volumes of improper payments will be present .
the increased size of federal programs , spending pressures , implementation of new programs , and changes in existing programs all but guarantee that , absent improvements in internal controls and other proactive actions , the potential for [more] or larger volumes of improper payments will be present .

Once risk areas are identified , their potential impact on programs and activities should be measured and additional controls should be considered .
once risk areas are identified , their potential impact on programs and activities should be measured and [more] controls should be considered .

At the time the application is entered into the system , the system performs several matches to obtain additional information on the applicant and prevent duplicate participation .
at the time the application is entered into the system , the system performs several matches to obtain [more] information on the applicant and prevent duplicate participation .

Data mining can identify many potentially inappropriate payments , but determining which ones are actual overpayments takes additional investigation .
data mining can identify many potentially inappropriate payments , but determining which ones are actual overpayments takes [more] investigation .

For example , some practitioners have asked for additional information or statistics prior to the annual feedback report .
for example , some practitioners have asked for [more] information or statistics prior to the annual feedback report .

Evaluation of an organization 's programs and its successes in meeting its established goals and in identifying additional actions is an integral element of performance measurement and continued improvement in operations .
evaluation of an organization 's programs and its successes in meeting its established goals and in identifying [more] actions is an integral element of performance measurement and continued improvement in operations .

Effectively and efficiently implementing some of these practices could require funding for computer software and hardware , additional staff , and/or training .
effectively and efficiently implementing some of these practices could require funding for computer software and hardware , [more] staff , and/or training .

Other Resources We identified the following Web sites during the course of our work , which may be useful to organizations as sources of additional information .
other resources we identified the following web sites during the course of our work , which may be useful to organizations as sources of [more] information .

Additional copies are $ 2 each .
[more] copies are $ 2 each .

At FEMA , delegating authority to the Public Assistance Coordinators eliminated two additional state reviews of applications for assistance and two other reviews by FEMA .
at fema , delegating authority to the public assistance coordinators eliminated two [more] state reviews of applications for assistance and two other reviews by fema .

By streamlining IRS ' processes , additional taxes are being assessed within 5 to 8 months , much faster than the 30 months it usually took before .
by streamlining irs ' processes , [more] taxes are being assessed within 5 to 8 months , much faster than the 30 months it usually took before .

Additional risks stem from agency efforts to examine and adjust their computer systems to ensure that they properly recognize the Year 2000 .
[more] risks stem from agency efforts to examine and adjust their computer systems to ensure that they properly recognize the year 2000 .

Additional federal requirements have been established for the protection of information that has been classified for national security purposes .
[more] federal requirements have been established for the protection of information that has been classified for national security purposes .

They believe that additional efforts to develop precisely quantified risks are not cost-effective because ( 1 ) such estimates take an inordinate amount of time and effort to identify and verify or develop , ( 2 ) the risk documentation becomes too voluminous to be of practical use , and ( 3 ) specific loss estimates are generally not needed to determine if a control is needed .
they believe that [more] efforts to develop precisely quantified risks are not cost-effective because ( 1 ) such estimates take an inordinate amount of time and effort to identify and verify or develop , ( 2 ) the risk documentation becomes too voluminous to be of practical use , and ( 3 ) specific loss estimates are generally not needed to determine if a control is needed .

Additional time is usually needed to develop the action plan .
[more] time is usually needed to develop the action plan .

While all of the central groups had staffs ranging from 3 to 17 people permanently assigned to the group , comparing the size of these groups is of limited value because of wide variations in the ( 1 ) sizes of the organizations we studied , ( 2 ) inherent riskiness of their operations , and ( 3 ) the additional support the groups received from other organizational components and from numerous subordinate security managers and administrators .
while all of the central groups had staffs ranging from 3 to 17 people permanently assigned to the group , comparing the size of these groups is of limited value because of wide variations in the ( 1 ) sizes of the organizations we studied , ( 2 ) inherent riskiness of their operations , and ( 3 ) the [more] support the groups received from other organizational components and from numerous subordinate security managers and administrators .

Additional techniques for communicating information security policies are discussed in the next section on promoting awareness .
[more] techniques for communicating information security policies are discussed in the next section on promoting awareness .

This information was then used to justify annual budget requests when additional virus detection software was needed .
this information was then used to justify annual budget requests when [more] virus detection software was needed .

However , if the auditor finds no additional weaknesses , management will receive a good awareness rating , even if controls need to be strengthened .
however , if the auditor finds no [more] weaknesses , management will receive a good awareness rating , even if controls need to be strengthened .

In such cases , the components may need to provide additional disclosures or different measurements required to comply with Federal GAAP .
in such cases , the components may need to provide [more] disclosures or different measurements required to comply with federal gaap .

An interpretation is a document of narrow scope that provides clarifications of original meaning , additional definitions , or other guidance pertaining to an existing SFFAS .
an interpretation is a document of narrow scope that provides clarifications of original meaning , [more] definitions , or other guidance pertaining to an existing sffas .

Interchange between the Railroad Retirement Board and the Social Security and Hospital Insurance trust funds. -- The Railroad Retirement Board pays benefits equivalent to the amounts that would have been paid if railroad workers had been covered under Social Security since its inception , plus additional amounts unique to that program .
interchange between the railroad retirement board and the social security and hospital insurance trust funds. -- the railroad retirement board pays benefits equivalent to the amounts that would have been paid if railroad workers had been covered under social security since its inception , plus [more] amounts unique to that program .

Financial condition allows an assessment of an entity on the basis of additional data that could include financial and nonfinancial information about current conditions .
financial condition allows an assessment of an entity on the basis of [more] data that could include financial and nonfinancial information about current conditions .

These additional data provide a more complete indication of performance .
these [more] data provide a more complete indication of performance .

Additional years ' data also may be reported if such data would better indicate the investment nature of an item .
[more] years ' data also may be reported if such data would better indicate the investment nature of an item .

Additional reporting is encouraged when preparers believe such information would make the financial report more meaningful or understandable .
[more] reporting is encouraged when preparers believe such information would make the financial report more meaningful or understandable .

Experimentation is encouraged , as is the reporting of such additional information as will enhance the financial report .
experimentation is encouraged , as is the reporting of such [more] information as will enhance the financial report .

Under the latest acquisition cost method , all like units that are held are valued at the invoice price of the most recent like item purchased , less any discounts , plus additional costs described in the following paragraphs .
under the latest acquisition cost method , all like units that are held are valued at the invoice price of the most recent like item purchased , less any discounts , plus [more] costs described in the following paragraphs .

Additional years ' data also may be reported if such data would provide a better indication of the nature of the investment .
[more] years ' data also may be reported if such data would provide a better indication of the nature of the investment .

If data for additional years would provide a better indication of investment , reporting of the additional years ' data is encouraged .
if data for [more] years would provide a better indication of investment , reporting of the [more] years ' data is encouraged .

Additional years ' data also may be reported if such data would provide a better indication of the investment .
[more] years ' data also may be reported if such data would provide a better indication of the investment .

If data for additional years would provide a better indication of investment , reporting of the additional years ' data is encouraged .
if data for [more] years would provide a better indication of investment , reporting of the [more] years ' data is encouraged .

Additional years ' data also may be reported if such data would provide a better indication of the investment .
[more] years ' data also may be reported if such data would provide a better indication of the investment .

If data for additional years would provide a better indication of investment , reporting of the additional years ' data is encouraged .
if data for [more] years would provide a better indication of investment , reporting of the [more] years ' data is encouraged .

Reporting of projected data for additional years is encouraged where it would be useful and relevant .
reporting of projected data for [more] years is encouraged where it would be useful and relevant .

Reporting of projected data for additional years is encouraged where it would be useful and relevant .
reporting of projected data for [more] years is encouraged where it would be useful and relevant .

As the Board stated in the Introduction and Background chapter of this Statement , it believes that these stewardship items warrant specialized reporting to highlight their importance and to portray them in additional ways than provided by financial accounting .
as the board stated in the introduction and background chapter of this statement , it believes that these stewardship items warrant specialized reporting to highlight their importance and to portray them in [more] ways than provided by financial accounting .

After deliberating the issue , the Board has concluded that additional investigation and further deliberation is required and has directed the FASAB staff to continue to research social insurance issues focusing especially on : identifying the characteristics of programs which should cause them to be subject to the guidance provided in a Statement on Social Insurance ; the appropriate display of information in the financial statements ; the identification of additional information , if any , which should be required for social insurance programs ; the means for measurement of financial data included in such additional information ; and , the desirability of nonfinancial indicators ( ratios of data to GDP or `` covered payroll '' ) to describe the status of programs or the implications of potential changes to or needs of the programs.The Board has instructed the staff to be mindful of all current developments in structuring its research and its recommendations .
after deliberating the issue , the board has concluded that [more] investigation and further deliberation is required and has directed the fasab staff to continue to research social insurance issues focusing especially on : identifying the characteristics of programs which should cause them to be subject to the guidance provided in a statement on social insurance ; the appropriate display of information in the financial statements ; the identification of [more] information , if any , which should be required for social insurance programs ; the means for measurement of financial data included in such [more] information ; and , the desirability of nonfinancial indicators ( ratios of data to gdp or `` covered payroll '' ) to describe the status of programs or the implications of potential changes to or needs of the programs.the board has instructed the staff to be mindful of all current developments in structuring its research and its recommendations .

Experimentation is encouraged , as is the reporting of such additional information as will enhance the financial report .
experimentation is encouraged , as is the reporting of such [more] information as will enhance the financial report .

Some respondents requested that the standards provide for reporting additional information , such as transfers of stewardship property to foreign governments , stewardship land sold to the private sector , the Federal Government 's interest in such things as property held by nonfederal entities or patents generated through Federal research and development funds , and foreign contributions to Federal programs .
some respondents requested that the standards provide for reporting [more] information , such as transfers of stewardship property to foreign governments , stewardship land sold to the private sector , the federal government 's interest in such things as property held by nonfederal entities or patents generated through federal research and development funds , and foreign contributions to federal programs .

In such cases , if the reporting of such additional data would be useful and relevant to readers , and would provide a better indication of the resources and obligations of the entity , the Board encourages such reporting .
in such cases , if the reporting of such [more] data would be useful and relevant to readers , and would provide a better indication of the resources and obligations of the entity , the board encourages such reporting .

An additional increment of education or technical training is expected to reduce the period of transitional unemployment and increase the subsequent earnings of participants .
an [more] increment of education or technical training is expected to reduce the period of transitional unemployment and increase the subsequent earnings of participants .

LATEST ACQUISITION COST ( LAC ) METHOD -A method that provides that all like units that are held be valued at the invoice price of the most recent like item purchased , less any discounts , plus any additional costs incurred to bring the item to a form and location suitable for its intended use .
latest acquisition cost ( lac ) method -a method that provides that all like units that are held be valued at the invoice price of the most recent like item purchased , less any discounts , plus any [more] costs incurred to bring the item to a form and location suitable for its intended use .

In addition , the collection of elementary school attendance area information will result in an additional 39,752 burden hours .
in addition , the collection of elementary school attendance area information will result in an [more] 39,752 burden hours .

In the aggregate , these amendments are designed to provide GAO/OGC-97-20 additional information about market risk sensitive instruments , which investors can use to better understand and evaluate the market risk exposures of a registrant .
in the aggregate , these amendments are designed to provide gao/ogc-97-20 [more] information about market risk sensitive instruments , which investors can use to better understand and evaluate the market risk exposures of a registrant .

It also states that the accounting policies required by the new rule are clarifications of existing requirements and should not require any additional recordkeeping or bookkeeping .
it also states that the accounting policies required by the new rule are clarifications of existing requirements and should not require any [more] recordkeeping or bookkeeping .

Congressional consultations also may include additional guidance on Congress ' priorities in those frequent cases where agencies have more than one statutory mission .
congressional consultations also may include [more] guidance on congress ' priorities in those frequent cases where agencies have more than one statutory mission .

Additional copies are $ 2 each .
[more] copies are $ 2 each .

HCFA did not prepare an additional analysis under Executive Order 12866 .
hcfa did not prepare an [more] analysis under executive order 12866 .

This guidance also helps you decide whether you should follow up the preliminary assessment with additional work .
this guidance also helps you decide whether you should follow up the preliminary assessment with [more] work .

If so , it explains the steps in a final assessment and the actions to take , depending on the results of your additional work .
if so , it explains the steps in a final assessment and the actions to take , depending on the results of your [more] work .

The audit plan should reflect data reliability issues and any additional steps that still need to be performed to assess the reliability of critical data .
the audit plan should reflect data reliability issues and any [more] steps that still need to be performed to assess the reliability of critical data .

When to Assess Data as of Undetermined Reliability and Consider Additional Work You should coordinate with the requester if seeking evidence from other sources does not result in a source of sufficiently reliable data .
when to assess data as of undetermined reliability and consider [more] work you should coordinate with the requester if seeking evidence from other sources does not result in a source of sufficiently reliable data .

When the preliminary assessment indicates that the reliability of the data is undetermined , consider doing additional work to determine reliability .
when the preliminary assessment indicates that the reliability of the data is undetermined , consider doing [more] work to determine reliability .

Section 8 provides guidance on the types of additional work to consider , as well as suggestions if no additional work is feasible .
section 8 provides guidance on the types of [more] work to consider , as well as suggestions if no [more] work is feasible .

Section 8 : Conducting Additional Work When you have determined ( through the preliminary assessment ) that the data are of undetermined reliability , consider conducting additional work ( see figure 6 ) .
section 8 : conducting [more] work when you have determined ( through the preliminary assessment ) that the data are of undetermined reliability , consider conducting [more] work ( see figure 6 ) .

A range of additional steps to further determine data reliability includes tracing to and from source documents , using advanced electronic testing , and reviewing selected system controls .
a range of [more] steps to further determine data reliability includes tracing to and from source documents , using advanced electronic testing , and reviewing selected system controls .

You should get help from appropriate technical specialists to discuss whether additional work is required and to carry out any part of the additional reliability assessment .
you should get help from appropriate technical specialists to discuss whether [more] work is required and to carry out any part of the [more] reliability assessment .

You can consider the data sufficiently reliable when you conclude the following : On the basis of the additional work , as well as the initial assessment work , using the data would not weaken the analysis nor lead to an incorrect or unintentional message .
you can consider the data sufficiently reliable when you conclude the following : on the basis of the [more] work , as well as the initial assessment work , using the data would not weaken the analysis nor lead to an incorrect or unintentional message .

Sufficiently Reliable Data Not Sufficiently Reliable Data You can consider the data to be not sufficiently reliable when you conclude the following : On the basis of information drawn from the additional assessment , as well as the preliminary assessment , ( 1 ) using the data would most likely lead to an incorrect or unintentional message and ( 2 ) the data have significant or potentially significant limitations , given the research question and intended use of the data .
sufficiently reliable data not sufficiently reliable data you can consider the data to be not sufficiently reliable when you conclude the following : on the basis of information drawn from the [more] assessment , as well as the preliminary assessment , ( 1 ) using the data would most likely lead to an incorrect or unintentional message and ( 2 ) the data have significant or potentially significant limitations , given the research question and intended use of the data .

Data of Undetermined Reliability You can consider the data to be of undetermined reliability when you conclude the following : On the basis of the information drawn from any additional work , as well as the preliminary assessment , ( 1 ) use of the data could lead to a incorrect or unintentional message and ( 2 ) the data have significant or potentially significant limitations , given the research question and the intended use .
data of undetermined reliability you can consider the data to be of undetermined reliability when you conclude the following : on the basis of the information drawn from any [more] work , as well as the preliminary assessment , ( 1 ) use of the data could lead to a incorrect or unintentional message and ( 2 ) the data have significant or potentially significant limitations , given the research question and the intended use .

Additional copies are $ 2 each .
[more] copies are $ 2 each .

For additional information on our work concerning corporate governance , the accounting profession , financial reporting , and related regulatory matters , please contact Jeffrey C. Steinhoff , Managing Director , Financial Management and Assurance , on ( 202 ) 512-2600 or at SteinhoffJ @ gao.gov .
for [more] information on our work concerning corporate governance , the accounting profession , financial reporting , and related regulatory matters , please contact jeffrey c. steinhoff , managing director , financial management and assurance , on ( 202 ) 512-2600 or at steinhoffj @ gao.gov .

What additional information would assist them in more accurately valuing stock ?
what [more] information would assist them in more accurately valuing stock ?

However , participants generally agreed that while the accounting profession needs to take additional steps to address any misunderstanding as to the limits of an audit , there is room to improve the audit process and auditor reporting .
however , participants generally agreed that while the accounting profession needs to take [more] steps to address any misunderstanding as to the limits of an audit , there is room to improve the audit process and auditor reporting .

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 provides for additional enforcement authority for both the SEC and the newly created PCAOB .
the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 provides for [more] enforcement authority for both the sec and the newly created pcaob .

This has led to additional inconsistency in requirements between states .
this has led to [more] inconsistency in requirements between states .

Additional copies are $ 2 each .
[more] copies are $ 2 each .

EPA initially provided for a 60-day comment period but then granted an additional 30 days for comments from interested parties .
epa initially provided for a 60-day comment period but then granted an [more] 30 days for comments from interested parties .

However , the overall impact is expected to be modest , even for those industries most heavily impacted , and for small additive and additive injection equipment manufacturers , the rule could result in additional economic opportunities through increased sales .
however , the overall impact is expected to be modest , even for those industries most heavily impacted , and for small additive and additive injection equipment manufacturers , the rule could result in [more] economic opportunities through increased sales .

Additional copies of this guide can be obtained from the U.S. General Accounting Office , 700 4th Street NW , Room 1100 , Washington , D.C. 20548 , or by calling ( 202 ) 5126000 or TDD ( 202 ) 5122537 .
[more] copies of this guide can be obtained from the u.s. general accounting office , 700 4th street nw , room 1100 , washington , d.c. 20548 , or by calling ( 202 ) 5126000 or tdd ( 202 ) 5122537 .

During the review of the voucher , the supervisor could ask for supporting hard copy documents ( e.g. , hotel receipts ) if additional detail was needed to verify any of the claims on the voucher .
during the review of the voucher , the supervisor could ask for supporting hard copy documents ( e.g. , hotel receipts ) if [more] detail was needed to verify any of the claims on the voucher .

Such a list provides the official administratively approving the voucher ( usually the traveler 's supervisor ) and the certifying officer additional evidence for determining the reasonableness of the claims .
such a list provides the official administratively approving the voucher ( usually the traveler 's supervisor ) and the certifying officer [more] evidence for determining the reasonableness of the claims .

Additional copies of reports are $ 2 each .
[more] copies of reports are $ 2 each .

Congressional requesters should not expect GAO to proceed with the request or provide additional services until GAO has informed each requester that it will accept the request .
congressional requesters should not expect gao to proceed with the request or provide [more] services until gao has informed each requester that it will accept the request .

However , co-requesters can not approve additional co-requesters or restrict the timing of the release of the product after it is issued .
however , co-requesters can not approve [more] co-requesters or restrict the timing of the release of the product after it is issued .

GAO will refer inquiries for any additional information to the requesters .
gao will refer inquiries for any [more] information to the requesters .

Additional copies of reports are $ 2 each .
[more] copies of reports are $ 2 each .

It later extended the period for an additional 60 days .
it later extended the period for an [more] 60 days .

Initially , APHIS allowed 90 days for comments , but in response to several requests that the comment period be extended , it allowed an additional 60-day comment period .
initially , aphis allowed 90 days for comments , but in response to several requests that the comment period be extended , it allowed an [more] 60-day comment period .

GAO/OGC-96-47 However , the preambles to the final rules do discuss additional flexibility and cost savings for small entities in several areas .
gao/ogc-96-47 however , the preambles to the final rules do discuss [more] flexibility and cost savings for small entities in several areas .

In a knowledge-based process , the achievement of each successive knowledge point builds on the preceding one , giving decision makers the knowledge they need-when they need it-to make decisions about whether to invest significant additional funds to move forward with product development .
in a knowledge-based process , the achievement of each successive knowledge point builds on the preceding one , giving decision makers the knowledge they need-when they need it-to make decisions about whether to invest significant [more] funds to move forward with product development .

GAO is making recommendations to the Secretary of Defense on ways to improve DOD 's acquisition process to achieve better outcomes by incorporating best practices to capture design and manufacturing knowledge and then use this knowledge as a basis for decisions to commit significant additional time and money as an acquisition program progresses through system demonstration and into production .
gao is making recommendations to the secretary of defense on ways to improve dod 's acquisition process to achieve better outcomes by incorporating best practices to capture design and manufacturing knowledge and then use this knowledge as a basis for decisions to commit significant [more] time and money as an acquisition program progresses through system demonstration and into production .

Best practices suggest that at least 90 percent of the drawings for a product 's design be completed before a decision to commit additional resources is made .
best practices suggest that at least 90 percent of the drawings for a product 's design be completed before a decision to commit [more] resources is made .

To ensure that the product 's design was stable before deciding to commit additional resources to product demonstration , commercial companies demanded knowledge , either from existing product information or by building engineering prototypes .
to ensure that the product 's design was stable before deciding to commit [more] resources to product demonstration , commercial companies demanded knowledge , either from existing product information or by building engineering prototypes .

The production decision led to increased investments for materials and resources such as additional tooling to build the product at a planned rate , facilities , people , training and support .
the production decision led to increased investments for materials and resources such as [more] tooling to build the product at a planned rate , facilities , people , training and support .

During the program 's critical design review , about 56 percent of the drawings were completed and , while the program did not meet the best practice of 90 percent complete , it did have additional drawing data of the F/A-18 E/F assemblies available for review at the critical design review .
during the program 's critical design review , about 56 percent of the drawings were completed and , while the program did not meet the best practice of 90 percent complete , it did have [more] drawing data of the f/a-18 e/f assemblies available for review at the critical design review .

The contractor attributed $ 100 million of additional cost to first time manufacturing problems .
the contractor attributed $ 100 million of [more] cost to first time manufacturing problems .

The program plans to build , develop , and test six additional development units during 2002 and 2003 that will incorporate design changes to fix the system failures .
the program plans to build , develop , and test six [more] development units during 2002 and 2003 that will incorporate design changes to fix the system failures .

While these are noteworthy activities and resemble best practices , the policy does not provide criteria for what constitutes the level of knowledge required for completing this stage , nor does it require a decision-based on those criteria-as to whether a significant , additional investment should be made .
while these are noteworthy activities and resemble best practices , the policy does not provide criteria for what constitutes the level of knowledge required for completing this stage , nor does it require a decision-based on those criteria-as to whether a significant , [more] investment should be made .

DOD has made improvements in its acquisition policy by incorporating guidance for evolutionary acquisition , creating guidelines for the development of a basic product that can be upgraded with additional capabilities as technologies present themselves .
dod has made improvements in its acquisition policy by incorporating guidance for evolutionary acquisition , creating guidelines for the development of a basic product that can be upgraded with [more] capabilities as technologies present themselves .

At a minimum , it should be possible to demonstrate these by Milestone C. For other critical processes that may require additional production experience to bring under statistical process control , a program manager should have a reasonable plan at the Milestone C decision review to bring those processes into control by the full rate production decision , but no later than completion of 10 percent of the planned buy .
at a minimum , it should be possible to demonstrate these by milestone c. for other critical processes that may require [more] production experience to bring under statistical process control , a program manager should have a reasonable plan at the milestone c decision review to bring those processes into control by the full rate production decision , but no later than completion of 10 percent of the planned buy .

Additional copies are $ 2 each .
[more] copies are $ 2 each .

It later extended the period for an additional 60 days .
it later extended the period for an [more] 60 days .

Initially , APHIS allowed 90 days for comments , but in response to several requests that the comment period be extended , it allowed an additional 60-day comment period .
initially , aphis allowed 90 days for comments , but in response to several requests that the comment period be extended , it allowed an [more] 60-day comment period .

In addition to the estimated benefits of reduced damages from releases of toxic substances , EPA 's analysis also highlights what the agency believes to be additional qualitative benefits including those resulting from efficiency gains , increased technology transfer , indirect cost savings , increased goodwill , and increased public awareness .
in addition to the estimated benefits of reduced damages from releases of toxic substances , epa 's analysis also highlights what the agency believes to be [more] qualitative benefits including those resulting from efficiency gains , increased technology transfer , indirect cost savings , increased goodwill , and increased public awareness .

In 1996 , the Congress passed the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act , which provided the additional funding .
in 1996 , the congress passed the health insurance portability and accountability act , which provided the [more] funding .

Responding to the wildfires that burned over 6.5 million acres of public and private land in 2000 , the Congress appropriated an additional $ 240 million in fiscal year 2001 to reduce hazardous fuels in high-risk locations where wildlands and urban areas meet .
responding to the wildfires that burned over 6.5 million acres of public and private land in 2000 , the congress appropriated an [more] $ 240 million in fiscal year 2001 to reduce hazardous fuels in high-risk locations where wildlands and urban areas meet .

FY 2002 BUDGET REQUEST To fully support the Congress as outlined in our strategic plan and the additional congressional mandates received since its issuance , we are requesting a budget for fiscal year 2002 of about $ 430.3 million .
fy 2002 budget request to fully support the congress as outlined in our strategic plan and the [more] congressional mandates received since its issuance , we are requesting a budget for fiscal year 2002 of about $ 430.3 million .

Additional funding in fiscal year 2002 is being requested for : mandatory pay and benefit costs resulting primarily from federal cost-of-living and locality pay adjustments , based on Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) guidance , increased participation in the Federal Employees Retirement System , and an increase in the estimated number of retirees -- $ 17,554,000 ; uncontrollable inflationary increases in transportation , lodging , postage , printing , supplies , contracts , and other essential mission support services , based on OMB 's 2percent inflation index and other factors -- $ 1,565,000 ; and uncontrollable contract rate increases in building operations and maintenance and information technology programs -- $ 1,453,000 .
[more] funding in fiscal year 2002 is being requested for : mandatory pay and benefit costs resulting primarily from federal cost-of-living and locality pay adjustments , based on office of management and budget ( omb ) guidance , increased participation in the federal employees retirement system , and an increase in the estimated number of retirees -- $ 17,554,000 ; uncontrollable inflationary increases in transportation , lodging , postage , printing , supplies , contracts , and other essential mission support services , based on omb 's 2percent inflation index and other factors -- $ 1,565,000 ; and uncontrollable contract rate increases in building operations and maintenance and information technology programs -- $ 1,453,000 .

The additional funds requested also would be used to continue initiatives begun in fiscal year 2000 that are critical to supporting the Congress and the goals and objectives identified in our strategic plan .
the [more] funds requested also would be used to continue initiatives begun in fiscal year 2000 that are critical to supporting the congress and the goals and objectives identified in our strategic plan .

However , we have reached a point that significant additional productivity gains are unlikely without sufficient funding to further enhance our human capital and information technology programs .
however , we have reached a point that significant [more] productivity gains are unlikely without sufficient funding to further enhance our human capital and information technology programs .

We need these additional resources to continue our efforts to further strengthen GAO and be a model organization for the rest of the federal government and accountability organizations around the world .
we need these [more] resources to continue our efforts to further strengthen gao and be a model organization for the rest of the federal government and accountability organizations around the world .

As the proposed additional GAGAS standards are fewer than for financial audits , the field and reporting standards are presented in a single chapter .
as the proposed [more] gagas standards are fewer than for financial audits , the field and reporting standards are presented in a single chapter .

Additional copies of this exposure draft can be obtained from the U.S. General Accounting Office , Room 1100 , 700 4th Street , NW , Washington , DC 20548 or by calling ( 202 ) 512-6000 .
[more] copies of this exposure draft can be obtained from the u.s. general accounting office , room 1100 , 700 4th street , nw , washington , dc 20548 or by calling ( 202 ) 512-6000 .

Please send any mail to the following address : Government Auditing Standards Comments U.S. General Accounting Office Room 5X16 ( FMA ) 441 G Street , NW Washington , DC 20548 GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft 3 If you need additional information , please call Marcia Buchanan , Assistant Director , Financial Management and Assurance at ( 202 ) 512-9321 or Cheryl Clark , Assistant Director , Financial Management and Assurance at ( 202 ) 512-9377 .
please send any mail to the following address : government auditing standards comments u.s. general accounting office room 5x16 ( fma ) 441 g street , nw washington , dc 20548 gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft 3 if you need [more] information , please call marcia buchanan , assistant director , financial management and assurance at ( 202 ) 512-9321 or cheryl clark , assistant director , financial management and assurance at ( 202 ) 512-9377 .

For attestation engagements : require the additional GAGAS field work standards for auditor communication for all levels of work ( par .
for attestation engagements : require the [more] gagas field work standards for auditor communication for all levels of work ( par .

For attestation engagements : require additional GAGAS reporting standards for reporting compliance with GAGAS ( par .
for attestation engagements : require [more] gagas reporting standards for reporting compliance with gagas ( par .

To meet the needs of users of government audits and attestation engagements , GAGAS also prescribe additional requirements to those provided by the AICPA for these types of work .
to meet the needs of users of government audits and attestation engagements , gagas also prescribe [more] requirements to those provided by the aicpa for these types of work .

GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft additional field work and reporting requirements beyond those provided by the AICPA when performing financial audits .
gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft [more] field work and reporting requirements beyond those provided by the aicpa when performing financial audits .

GAGAS prescribe general standards and additional field work and reporting requirements beyond those provided by the AICPA for attestation engagements .
gagas prescribe general standards and [more] field work and reporting requirements beyond those provided by the aicpa for attestation engagements .

See chapter 6 for an additional general standard auditors should follow when performing an attestation engagement .
see chapter 6 for an [more] general standard auditors should follow when performing an attestation engagement .

ADDITIONAL GAGAS FIELD WORK STANDARDS 4.4 GAGAS prescribe additional standards for applying the AICPA three generally accepted AICPA field work standards which go beyond the requirements contained in the AICPA 's SASs .
[more] gagas field work standards 4.4 gagas prescribe [more] standards for applying the aicpa three generally accepted aicpa field work standards which go beyond the requirements contained in the aicpa 's sass .

Auditors must comply with these additional standards when citing GAGAS in their audit reports .
auditors must comply with these [more] standards when citing gagas in their audit reports .

AUDITOR COMMUNICATION 4.6 An additional standard related to auditor communication for financial audits performed in accordance with GAGAS is : Auditors should communicate information regarding the nature of services and level of assurance provided to not only officials of the audited entity , but also to the individuals contracting for or requesting the audit services , and the audit committee or other equivalent oversight body .
auditor communication 4.6 an [more] standard related to auditor communication for financial audits performed in accordance with gagas is : auditors should communicate information regarding the nature of services and level of assurance provided to not only officials of the audited entity , but also to the individuals contracting for or requesting the audit services , and the audit committee or other equivalent oversight body .

Such communication should include the nature of any additional testing of compliance and internal control required by laws and regulations or otherwise requested , and whether the auditors are planning on providing opinions on compliance with laws and regulations and internal control over financial reporting .
such communication should include the nature of any [more] testing of compliance and internal control required by laws and regulations or otherwise requested , and whether the auditors are planning on providing opinions on compliance with laws and regulations and internal control over financial reporting .

Many state and local governments have additional audit requirements .
many state and local governments have [more] audit requirements .

CONSIDERING THE RESULTS OF PREVIOUS AUDITS 4.14 An additional standard for financial audits performed in accordance with GAGAS is : Auditors should consider the results of previous audits and follow up on known significant findings and recommendations , including those related to reportable conditions , identified in previous audits reports that relate to the objectives of the audit being undertaken .
considering the results of previous audits 4.14 an [more] standard for financial audits performed in accordance with gagas is : auditors should consider the results of previous audits and follow up on known significant findings and recommendations , including those related to reportable conditions , identified in previous audits reports that relate to the objectives of the audit being undertaken .

NONCOMPLIANCE WITH PROVISIONS OF CONTRACTS AND GRANT AGREEMENTS 4.17 The additional standard related to compliance with provisions of contracts and grant agreements for financial audits performed in accordance with GAGAS is : Auditors should design the audit to provide reasonable assurance of detecting material misstatements of financial statements or other financial data resulting from noncompliance with provisions of contracts or grant agreements that have a direct and material effect on the determination of financial statement amounts .
noncompliance with provisions of contracts and grant agreements 4.17 the [more] standard related to compliance with provisions of contracts and grant agreements for financial audits performed in accordance with gagas is : auditors should design the audit to provide reasonable assurance of detecting material misstatements of financial statements or other financial data resulting from noncompliance with provisions of contracts or grant agreements that have a direct and material effect on the determination of financial statement amounts .

AUDIT DOCUMENTATION 4.20 An additional standard related to audit documentation for financial audits performed in accordance with GAGAS is : Audit documentation should contain sufficient information to enable an experienced reviewer , who has had no previous connection with the audit , to ascertain from the audit documentation the evidence that supports the auditors ' significant judgments and conclusions .
audit documentation 4.20 an [more] standard related to audit documentation for financial audits performed in accordance with gagas is : audit documentation should contain sufficient information to enable an experienced reviewer , who has had no previous connection with the audit , to ascertain from the audit documentation the evidence that supports the auditors ' significant judgments and conclusions .

Thus , whereas AICPA standards cite two main purposes of audit documentation -- providing the principal support for the audit report and aiding auditors in performing and supervising the audit -- audit documentation serves an additional purpose in audits performed in accordance with GAGAS .
thus , whereas aicpa standards cite two main purposes of audit documentation -- providing the principal support for the audit report and aiding auditors in performing and supervising the audit -- audit documentation serves an [more] purpose in audits performed in accordance with gagas .

Documentation of the auditor 's determination that certain additional government auditing standards do not apply or that an applicable standard was not followed , the reasons therefore , and the known effect that not following the standard had , or could have , on the audit .
documentation of the auditor 's determination that certain [more] government auditing standards do not apply or that an applicable standard was not followed , the reasons therefore , and the known effect that not following the standard had , or could have , on the audit .

ADDITIONAL CONSIDERATIONS FOR FINANCIAL AUDITS PERFORMED IN ACCORDANCE WITH GAGAS 4.25 As discussed in chapter 1 , financial audits contribute to making governments more accountable for the use of public resources and the delivery of services .
[more] considerations for financial audits performed in accordance with gagas 4.25 as discussed in chapter 1 , financial audits contribute to making governments more accountable for the use of public resources and the delivery of services .

REPORTING COMPLIANCE WITH GENERALLY ACCEPTED GOVERNMENT AUDITING STANDARDS 5.3 An additional reporting standard for financial audits conducted in accordance with GAGAS is : Audit reports should state that the audit was made in accordance with generally accepted government auditing standards .
reporting compliance with generally accepted government auditing standards 5.3 an [more] reporting standard for financial audits conducted in accordance with gagas is : audit reports should state that the audit was made in accordance with generally accepted government auditing standards .

REPORTING ON COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS AND ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 5.7 An additional reporting standard for financial statement audits2 conducted in accordance with GAGAS is : When providing an opinion on financial statements , auditors should include in their report on the financial statements either a ( 1 ) description of the scope of the auditors ' testing of compliance with laws and regulations and internal control over financial reporting and the results of those tests or an opinion , if sufficient work was performed ; or ( 2 ) reference to the separate report ( s ) containing that information .
reporting on compliance with laws and regulations and on internal control over financial reporting 5.7 an [more] reporting standard for financial statement audits2 conducted in accordance with gagas is : when providing an opinion on financial statements , auditors should include in their report on the financial statements either a ( 1 ) description of the scope of the auditors ' testing of compliance with laws and regulations and internal control over financial reporting and the results of those tests or an opinion , if sufficient work was performed ; or ( 2 ) reference to the separate report ( s ) containing that information .

Scope of Compliance and Internal Control Work 5.10 Auditors should report the scope of their testing of compliance with laws and regulations and of internal control over financial reporting , including whether or not the tests they performed provided sufficient evidence to support an opinion on compliance with laws and regulations or internal control over financial reporting and whether the auditors are providing such opinions.3 REPORTING DEFICIENCIES IN INTERNAL CONTROL 5.11 The additional reporting standard for financial audits conducted in accordance with GAGAS is : Auditors should report significant deficiencies in internal control considered to be reportable conditions as defined in AICPA standards .
scope of compliance and internal control work 5.10 auditors should report the scope of their testing of compliance with laws and regulations and of internal control over financial reporting , including whether or not the tests they performed provided sufficient evidence to support an opinion on compliance with laws and regulations or internal control over financial reporting and whether the auditors are providing such opinions.3 reporting deficiencies in internal control 5.11 the [more] reporting standard for financial audits conducted in accordance with gagas is : auditors should report significant deficiencies in internal control considered to be reportable conditions as defined in aicpa standards .

REPORTING FRAUD , ILLEGAL ACTS , AND OTHER NONCOMPLIANCE 5.16 An additional reporting standard for financial audits conducted in accordance with GAGAS is : 6For audits of financial statements , such information is generally included in the reports on compliance and internal control over financial reporting .
reporting fraud , illegal acts , and other noncompliance 5.16 an [more] reporting standard for financial audits conducted in accordance with gagas is : 6for audits of financial statements , such information is generally included in the reports on compliance and internal control over financial reporting .

The additional GAGAS standard does not modify these responsibilities .
the [more] gagas standard does not modify these responsibilities .

VIEWS OF RESPONSIBLE OFFICIALS 5.27 An additional reporting standard for financial audits performed in accordance with GAGAS is : If the auditors ' report discloses significant deficiencies , auditors should report the views of responsible officials concerning the findings , conclusions , and recommendations , as well as corrections planned .
views of responsible officials 5.27 an [more] reporting standard for financial audits performed in accordance with gagas is : if the auditors ' report discloses significant deficiencies , auditors should report the views of responsible officials concerning the findings , conclusions , and recommendations , as well as corrections planned .

PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 5.32 An additional reporting standard for financial audits conducted in accordance with GAGAS is : If certain pertinent information is prohibited from general disclosure , the audit report should state the nature of the information omitted and the requirement that makes the omission necessary .
privileged and confidential information 5.32 an [more] reporting standard for financial audits conducted in accordance with gagas is : if certain pertinent information is prohibited from general disclosure , the audit report should state the nature of the information omitted and the requirement that makes the omission necessary .

If auditors make the judgment that certain additional information should be excluded from a publicly available report , they should state the nature of the information omitted and the reasons that makes the omission necessary .
if auditors make the judgment that certain [more] information should be excluded from a publicly available report , they should state the nature of the information omitted and the reasons that makes the omission necessary .

REPORT ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION 5.35 An additional reporting standard for financial audits conducted in accordance with GAGAS is : Auditors should submit written audit reports to the appropriate officials of the audited entity and to the appropriate officials of the organizations requiring or arranging for the audits , including external funding organizations such as legislative bodies , unless legal restrictions prevent it .
report issuance and distribution 5.35 an [more] reporting standard for financial audits conducted in accordance with gagas is : auditors should submit written audit reports to the appropriate officials of the audited entity and to the appropriate officials of the organizations requiring or arranging for the audits , including external funding organizations such as legislative bodies , unless legal restrictions prevent it .

Generally accepted government auditing standards ( GAGAS ) incorporate for attestation engagements the AICPA 's general standard on criteria , its field work standards , and its reporting standards , as well as the AICPA Statements on Standards for Attestation Engagements ( SSAEs ) , which interpret the attestation standards , unless the Comptroller General of the United States excludes them by formal announcement.2 This chapter identifies the AICPA 's general standard on criteria , 3 field work standards , and reporting standards and prescribes additional field work and reporting standards , as well as guidance , for attestation engagements performed in accordance with GAGAS .
generally accepted government auditing standards ( gagas ) incorporate for attestation engagements the aicpa 's general standard on criteria , its field work standards , and its reporting standards , as well as the aicpa statements on standards for attestation engagements ( ssaes ) , which interpret the attestation standards , unless the comptroller general of the united states excludes them by formal announcement.2 this chapter identifies the aicpa 's general standard on criteria , 3 field work standards , and reporting standards and prescribes [more] field work and reporting standards , as well as guidance , for attestation engagements performed in accordance with gagas .

ADDITIONAL FIELD WORK STANDARDS FOR ATTESTATION ENGAGEMENTS 6.4 GAGAS require additional field work standards for attestation engagements in the following areas :
[more] field work standards for attestation engagements 6.4 gagas require [more] field work standards for attestation engagements in the following areas :

Auditor Communication 6.5 An additional field work standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with GAGAS is : Auditors should communicate information to officials of the audited entity and the individual contracting for the audit services regarding the nature and extent of planned testing and reporting on the subject matter or assertion .
auditor communication 6.5 an [more] field work standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with gagas is : auditors should communicate information to officials of the audited entity and the individual contracting for the audit services regarding the nature and extent of planned testing and reporting on the subject matter or assertion .

Considering the Results of Previous Audits and Attestation Engagements 6.8 An additional field work standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with GAGAS is : Auditors should consider the results of previous audits and attestation engagements and follow up on known significant findings and recommendations that directly relate to the subject matter of the attestation engagement being undertaken .
considering the results of previous audits and attestation engagements 6.8 an [more] field work standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with gagas is : auditors should consider the results of previous audits and attestation engagements and follow up on known significant findings and recommendations that directly relate to the subject matter of the attestation engagement being undertaken .

Audit Documentation 6.11 The additional field work standard related to audit documentation for attestation engagements performed in accordance with GAGAS is : Audit documentation should contain sufficient information to enable an experienced reviewer , who has had no previous connection with the attestation engagement , to ascertain from the audit documentation the evidence that supports the auditors ' significant judgments and conclusions .
audit documentation 6.11 the [more] field work standard related to audit documentation for attestation engagements performed in accordance with gagas is : audit documentation should contain sufficient information to enable an experienced reviewer , who has had no previous connection with the attestation engagement , to ascertain from the audit documentation the evidence that supports the auditors ' significant judgments and conclusions .

Thus , whereas AICPA standards cite two main purposes of audit documentation -- providing the principal support for the audit report and aiding auditors in the conduct and supervision of the audit -- audit documentation serves an additional purpose in attestation engagements performed in accordance with GAGAS .
thus , whereas aicpa standards cite two main purposes of audit documentation -- providing the principal support for the audit report and aiding auditors in the conduct and supervision of the audit -- audit documentation serves an [more] purpose in attestation engagements performed in accordance with gagas .

Documentation of the auditor 's determination that certain additional government auditing standards do not apply or that an applicable standard was not followed , the reasons therefore , and the known effect that not following the standard had , or could have , on the attestation engagement .
documentation of the auditor 's determination that certain [more] government auditing standards do not apply or that an applicable standard was not followed , the reasons therefore , and the known effect that not following the standard had , or could have , on the attestation engagement .

GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft Internal Control 6.18 An additional field work standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with GAGAS is : In planning examination-level attestation engagements , auditors should obtain a sufficient understanding of internal control that is material to the subject matter or assertion to plan the engagement and design procedures to achieve the objectives of the attestation engagement .
gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft internal control 6.18 an [more] field work standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with gagas is : in planning examination-level attestation engagements , auditors should obtain a sufficient understanding of internal control that is material to the subject matter or assertion to plan the engagement and design procedures to achieve the objectives of the attestation engagement .

GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft Fraud , Illegal Acts , and Other Noncompliance 6.20 An additional field work standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with GAGAS is : In planning examination-level attestation engagements , auditors should design the engagement to provide reasonable assurance of detecting fraud , illegal acts , or other noncompliance that could have a material effect on the subject matter or assertion of the attestation engagement .
gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft fraud , illegal acts , and other noncompliance 6.20 an [more] field work standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with gagas is : in planning examination-level attestation engagements , auditors should design the engagement to provide reasonable assurance of detecting fraud , illegal acts , or other noncompliance that could have a material effect on the subject matter or assertion of the attestation engagement .

Reporting Compliance With Generally Accepted Government Auditing Standards 6.25 An additional reporting standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with GAGAS is : Reports on attestation engagements should state that the engagement was made in accordance with generally accepted government auditing standards .
reporting compliance with generally accepted government auditing standards 6.25 an [more] reporting standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with gagas is : reports on attestation engagements should state that the engagement was made in accordance with generally accepted government auditing standards .

Reporting on Internal Control and on Fraud , Illegal Acts , and Other Noncompliance 6.28 An additional reporting standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with GAGAS is : The report on an attestation engagement should disclose deficiencies in internal control , including internal control over compliance with laws and regulations , that are material to the subject matter or assertion .
reporting on internal control and on fraud , illegal acts , and other noncompliance 6.28 an [more] reporting standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with gagas is : the report on an attestation engagement should disclose deficiencies in internal control , including internal control over compliance with laws and regulations , that are material to the subject matter or assertion .

Views of Responsible Officials 6.32 An additional reporting standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with GAGAS is : 10 Whether a particular act is , in fact , illegal may have to await final determination by a court of law .
views of responsible officials 6.32 an [more] reporting standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with gagas is : 10 whether a particular act is , in fact , illegal may have to await final determination by a court of law .

Privileged and Confidential Information 6.37 An additional reporting standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with GAGAS is : If certain pertinent information is prohibited from general disclosure , the report on the attestation engagement should state the nature of the information omitted and the requirement that makes the omission necessary .
privileged and confidential information 6.37 an [more] reporting standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with gagas is : if certain pertinent information is prohibited from general disclosure , the report on the attestation engagement should state the nature of the information omitted and the requirement that makes the omission necessary .

Additional circumstances associated with public safety and security concerns could also justify the exclusion of certain information in the report .
[more] circumstances associated with public safety and security concerns could also justify the exclusion of certain information in the report .

Report Issuance and Distribution 6.39 An additional reporting standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with GAGAS is : Auditors should submit written reports on the attestation engagement to the appropriate officials of the audited entity and to the appropriate officials of the organizations requiring or arranging for the engagement , including external funding organizations , unless legal restrictions prevent it .
report issuance and distribution 6.39 an [more] reporting standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with gagas is : auditors should submit written reports on the attestation engagement to the appropriate officials of the audited entity and to the appropriate officials of the organizations requiring or arranging for the engagement , including external funding organizations , unless legal restrictions prevent it .

However , if auditors decide to perform their work in accordance with the standards for attestation engagements issued by the AICPA , auditors should apply the additional GAGAS standards for attestation engagements contained in chapter 6 .
however , if auditors decide to perform their work in accordance with the standards for attestation engagements issued by the aicpa , auditors should apply the [more] gagas standards for attestation engagements contained in chapter 6 .

Auditors may use the stated program purpose and goals as criteria for assessing program performance or may develop additional criteria or best practices to compare the program with .
auditors may use the stated program purpose and goals as criteria for assessing program performance or may develop [more] criteria or best practices to compare the program with .

See paragraph 8.17 for additional reporting considerations .
see paragraph 8.17 for [more] reporting considerations .

If auditors make the judgment that certain additional information should be excluded from a publicly available report , they should state the nature of the information omitted and the reasons that makes the omission necessary .
if auditors make the judgment that certain [more] information should be excluded from a publicly available report , they should state the nature of the information omitted and the reasons that makes the omission necessary .

Additional risks stem from agency efforts to examine and adjust their computer systems to ensure that they properly recognize the Year 2000 .
[more] risks stem from agency efforts to examine and adjust their computer systems to ensure that they properly recognize the year 2000 .

Additional federal requirements have been established for the protection of information that has been classified for national security purposes .
[more] federal requirements have been established for the protection of information that has been classified for national security purposes .

They believe that additional efforts to develop precisely quantified risks are not cost-effective because ( 1 ) such estimates take an inordinate amount of time and effort to identify and verify or develop , ( 2 ) the risk documentation becomes too voluminous to be of practical use , and ( 3 ) specific loss estimates are generally not needed to determine if a control is needed .
they believe that [more] efforts to develop precisely quantified risks are not cost-effective because ( 1 ) such estimates take an inordinate amount of time and effort to identify and verify or develop , ( 2 ) the risk documentation becomes too voluminous to be of practical use , and ( 3 ) specific loss estimates are generally not needed to determine if a control is needed .

Additional time is usually needed to develop the action plan .
[more] time is usually needed to develop the action plan .

While all of the central groups had staffs ranging from 3 to 17 people permanently assigned to the group , comparing the size of these groups is of limited value because of wide variations in the ( 1 ) sizes of the organizations we studied , ( 2 ) inherent riskiness of their operations , and ( 3 ) the additional support the groups received from other organizational components and from numerous subordinate security managers and administrators .
while all of the central groups had staffs ranging from 3 to 17 people permanently assigned to the group , comparing the size of these groups is of limited value because of wide variations in the ( 1 ) sizes of the organizations we studied , ( 2 ) inherent riskiness of their operations , and ( 3 ) the [more] support the groups received from other organizational components and from numerous subordinate security managers and administrators .

Additional techniques for communicating information security policies are discussed in the next section on promoting awareness .
[more] techniques for communicating information security policies are discussed in the next section on promoting awareness .

This information was then used to justify annual budget requests when additional virus detection software was needed .
this information was then used to justify annual budget requests when [more] virus detection software was needed .

However , if the auditor finds no additional weaknesses , management will receive a good awareness rating , even if controls need to be strengthened .
however , if the auditor finds no [more] weaknesses , management will receive a good awareness rating , even if controls need to be strengthened .

FSIS concluded that because of the necessary restructuring and reprogramming of the State inspection programs , FSIS assistance and the flexibility provided under the `` equal to '' provisions , most states should be able to complete the modifications to their programs with minimal additional cost .
fsis concluded that because of the necessary restructuring and reprogramming of the state inspection programs , fsis assistance and the flexibility provided under the `` equal to '' provisions , most states should be able to complete the modifications to their programs with minimal [more] cost .

Moreover , any additional costs would be eligible to receive up to 50 percent Federal matching funds .
moreover , any [more] costs would be eligible to receive up to 50 percent federal matching funds .

The initial comment period of 120 days was extended for an additional 30 days and later reopened for an additional 95 days .
the initial comment period of 120 days was extended for an [more] 30 days and later reopened for an [more] 95 days .

GAO hired additional audit clerks and freight examiners , nearly tripling the size of the agency to nearly 15,000 by 1946 .
gao hired [more] audit clerks and freight examiners , nearly tripling the size of the agency to nearly 15,000 by 1946 .

GAO 's recommendations helped HUD avoid additional costs of about $ 1.1 billion in fiscal year 1999 .
gao 's recommendations helped hud avoid [more] costs of about $ 1.1 billion in fiscal year 1999 .

SSA is also seeking statutory authority for additional tools to recover current overpayments .
ssa is also seeking statutory authority for [more] tools to recover current overpayments .

In February 1999 , the President proposed that DOD begin the first sustained increase in defense spending in 15 years , calling for additional resources totaling $ 112 billion over the next 6 years .
in february 1999 , the president proposed that dod begin the first sustained increase in defense spending in 15 years , calling for [more] resources totaling $ 112 billion over the next 6 years .

I am convinced there are additional opportunities for developing constructive engagements while maintaining the integrity of our principal mission as an accountability organization .
i am convinced there are [more] opportunities for developing constructive engagements while maintaining the integrity of our principal mission as an accountability organization .

It is clear that additional investments will be necessary in the coming years to increase our enabling technology and knowledge management efforts to meet the challenges of the future and effectively support Congress .
it is clear that [more] investments will be necessary in the coming years to increase our enabling technology and knowledge management efforts to meet the challenges of the future and effectively support congress .

In addition to the legislative support I 've already discussed , GAO will be assessing whether it may need additional authority from the Congress to obtain certain types of records for conducting our work .
in addition to the legislative support i 've already discussed , gao will be assessing whether it may need [more] authority from the congress to obtain certain types of records for conducting our work .

The analysis concludes that the final rule will not impose any additional burdens on small entities because most of the changes in the rule do not require the development of new information .
the analysis concludes that the final rule will not impose any [more] burdens on small entities because most of the changes in the rule do not require the development of new information .

The burden hours are not higher because , with the varied compliance dates for the labeling , many manufacturers will be able to change the labels as part of the usual and customary business practice of redesigning the labels and therefore no additional burden is incurred .
the burden hours are not higher because , with the varied compliance dates for the labeling , many manufacturers will be able to change the labels as part of the usual and customary business practice of redesigning the labels and therefore no [more] burden is incurred .

Several provided additional supporting points and examples , which we have included in the report as appropriate .
several provided [more] supporting points and examples , which we have included in the report as appropriate .

These long-term leaders told us that , to help ensure continuity and diminish reliance on a single individual , they attempted to institutionalize their roles by bringing in additional people to assist in leading their organizations and performing such duties as enforcing membership rules and keeping current on issues and topics affecting their organization 's members .
these long-term leaders told us that , to help ensure continuity and diminish reliance on a single individual , they attempted to institutionalize their roles by bringing in [more] people to assist in leading their organizations and performing such duties as enforcing membership rules and keeping current on issues and topics affecting their organization 's members .

Information on Critical Success Factors and Challenges Can Benefit Critical Infrastructure Protection In addition , the representatives from organizations without professional and administrative staffs believed that an even more difficult challenge was encouraging volunteers to donate additional time to perform the administrative tasks required to organize meetings and further facilitate information sharing .
information on critical success factors and challenges can benefit critical infrastructure protection in addition , the representatives from organizations without professional and administrative staffs believed that an even more difficult challenge was encouraging volunteers to donate [more] time to perform the administrative tasks required to organize meetings and further facilitate information sharing .

Several provided additional supporting points and examples , which we have included in the report as appropriate .
several provided [more] supporting points and examples , which we have included in the report as appropriate .

Additional supporting points and examples were incorporated as Appendix I Objectives , Scope , and Methodology appropriate .
[more] supporting points and examples were incorporated as appendix i objectives , scope , and methodology appropriate .

Additional copies are $ 2 each .
[more] copies are $ 2 each .

Although GPEA focuses on electronic systems regarding information obtained from and provided to sources outside the government , it provides an additional impetus to agencies to seek further applications of paperless systems and use of electronic signatures .
although gpea focuses on electronic systems regarding information obtained from and provided to sources outside the government , it provides an [more] impetus to agencies to seek further applications of paperless systems and use of electronic signatures .

Additional copies of reports are $ 2 each .
[more] copies of reports are $ 2 each .

For example , in one EPA rule and four DOL rules , any electronic comments that were submitted had to be accompanied by paper comments as well.6 In other cases , attachments or additional materials , such as studies or journal articles , could not be submitted electronically ; commenters had to submit those materials separately ( in duplicate ) to the appropriate docket office .
for example , in one epa rule and four dol rules , any electronic comments that were submitted had to be accompanied by paper comments as well.6 in other cases , attachments or [more] materials , such as studies or journal articles , could not be submitted electronically ; commenters had to submit those materials separately ( in duplicate ) to the appropriate docket office .

Additional copies are $ 2 each .
[more] copies are $ 2 each .

The analysis concludes that the rules do not impose additional reporting , record keeping , or other compliance requirements .
the analysis concludes that the rules do not impose [more] reporting , record keeping , or other compliance requirements .

The second step is for policymakers to pursue incremental legislative reforms to give agencies additional tools and flexibilities to hire , manage , and retain the human capital they need , particularly in critical occupations .
the second step is for policymakers to pursue incremental legislative reforms to give agencies [more] tools and flexibilities to hire , manage , and retain the human capital they need , particularly in critical occupations .

Still , while important , dealing with poor performers is only part of the challenge ; agencies need to create additional incentives and rewards for valuable and high-performing employees who represent the vast majority of the federal workforce .
still , while important , dealing with poor performers is only part of the challenge ; agencies need to create [more] incentives and rewards for valuable and high-performing employees who represent the vast majority of the federal workforce .

Additional information on the performance management programs in use in agencies and the relative strengths and weaknesses of those programs , along with best practice information , would prove very helpful as agencies seek to link pay to individual knowledge , skills , and performance .
[more] information on the performance management programs in use in agencies and the relative strengths and weaknesses of those programs , along with best practice information , would prove very helpful as agencies seek to link pay to individual knowledge , skills , and performance .

In the short term , Congress may wish to explore the benefits of ( 1 ) providing OPM with additional flexibility that would enable it to grant governmentwide authority for all agencies ( i.e. , class exemptions ) to use broadbanding for certain critical occupations and/or ( 2 ) allowing agencies to apply to OPM ( i.e. , case exemptions ) for broadbanding authority for their specific critical occupations .
in the short term , congress may wish to explore the benefits of ( 1 ) providing opm with [more] flexibility that would enable it to grant governmentwide authority for all agencies ( i.e. , class exemptions ) to use broadbanding for certain critical occupations and/or ( 2 ) allowing agencies to apply to opm ( i.e. , case exemptions ) for broadbanding authority for their specific critical occupations .

Our October 2000 legislation gave us additional tools to : realign our workforce in light of mission needs and overall budgetary constraints ; correct skills imbalances ; and reduce high-grade , managerial , or supervisory positions without reducing the overall number of GAO employees .
our october 2000 legislation gave us [more] tools to : realign our workforce in light of mission needs and overall budgetary constraints ; correct skills imbalances ; and reduce high-grade , managerial , or supervisory positions without reducing the overall number of gao employees .

We believe that other agencies could benefit from these additional authorities .
we believe that other agencies could benefit from these [more] authorities .

The nonpersonnel figure includes $ 82,782,000 for bed space and related alien custody requirements ( 3,600 beds at $ 63.00 per day ) , $ 36,000,000 increase for alien travel expenses ( 3,600 removals at $ 1,000 each ) , and an additional $ 20,950,000 for detention vehicle expenses .
the nonpersonnel figure includes $ 82,782,000 for bed space and related alien custody requirements ( 3,600 beds at $ 63.00 per day ) , $ 36,000,000 increase for alien travel expenses ( 3,600 removals at $ 1,000 each ) , and an [more] $ 20,950,000 for detention vehicle expenses .

Ins estimates training employees on the new provisions of the law will be $ 2,977,500 and $ 2,000,000 for additional forms and changes needed to current forms .
ins estimates training employees on the new provisions of the law will be $ 2,977,500 and $ 2,000,000 for [more] forms and changes needed to current forms .

The EOIR states that the provisions of the interim rule will require additional immigration judges , Immigration Court presence at existing INS detention centers , and construction of new Immigration Courts at new detention facilities .
the eoir states that the provisions of the interim rule will require [more] immigration judges , immigration court presence at existing ins detention centers , and construction of new immigration courts at new detention facilities .

In addition , the interim rule contains a request for additional comments to be submitted in a 120-day comment period .
in addition , the interim rule contains a request for [more] comments to be submitted in a 120-day comment period .

The comment period was to close on May 22 , 1995 , but was extended until July 19 , 1995 , because additional time was necessary to gather and analyze data relating to the rule .
the comment period was to close on may 22 , 1995 , but was extended until july 19 , 1995 , because [more] time was necessary to gather and analyze data relating to the rule .

We have been advised by EPA that the additional comments and data were added to the public docket between August and December 1995 and therefore at least 6 months was available for responses or objections to be filed .
we have been advised by epa that the [more] comments and data were added to the public docket between august and december 1995 and therefore at least 6 months was available for responses or objections to be filed .

No additional burdens are being imposed on foreign-licensed systems , large or small , because the FCC will apply the same rules that have been applied to U.S. licensed systems .
no [more] burdens are being imposed on foreign-licensed systems , large or small , because the fcc will apply the same rules that have been applied to u.s. licensed systems .

A more prescriptive requirement for manufacturers to monitor the sales and distribution of retail establishments was not imposed because it would have imposed an additional cost of $ 85 million per year .
a more prescriptive requirement for manufacturers to monitor the sales and distribution of retail establishments was not imposed because it would have imposed an [more] cost of $ 85 million per year .

Additional information is provided to help managers incorporate the standards into their daily operations .
[more] information is provided to help managers incorporate the standards into their daily operations .

In additional to internal communications , management should ensure there are adequate means of communicating with , and obtaining information from , external stakeholders that may have a significant impact on the agency achieving its goals .
in [more] to internal communications , management should ensure there are adequate means of communicating with , and obtaining information from , external stakeholders that may have a significant impact on the agency achieving its goals .

Additional copies are $ 2 each .
[more] copies are $ 2 each .

Of these 490 respondents , an estimated 155 respondents would be required to perform additional information collection .
of these 490 respondents , an estimated 155 respondents would be required to perform [more] information collection .

To ease the regulatory burden , the FDA has extended the effective date of the rule to June 1 , 1997 , and will not take regulatory action for an additional year on the design control requirement .
to ease the regulatory burden , the fda has extended the effective date of the rule to june 1 , 1997 , and will not take regulatory action for an [more] year on the design control requirement .

After reviewing the comments , the Commission concluded that the $ .50 to $ 1.00 per unit increase in manufacturing costs does not impose a significant additional cost to users , especially considering the lengthy phase-in period for the requirements .
after reviewing the comments , the commission concluded that the $ .50 to $ 1.00 per unit increase in manufacturing costs does not impose a significant [more] cost to users , especially considering the lengthy phase-in period for the requirements .

FFC 's study identifies four areas where it was felt that additional cooperation , research , and discussion could lead to either fundamentally new approaches or significant improvements to current practices .
ffc 's study identifies four areas where it was felt that [more] cooperation , research , and discussion could lead to either fundamentally new approaches or significant improvements to current practices .

The additional requirements will not increase the number of respondents but increase the burden hours by 8,500 and the cost by $ 612,650 .
the [more] requirements will not increase the number of respondents but increase the burden hours by 8,500 and the cost by $ 612,650 .

Financial risk refers to the extent to which each alternative is subject to unexpected additional costs .
financial risk refers to the extent to which each alternative is subject to unexpected [more] costs .

Additional copies are $ 2 each .
[more] copies are $ 2 each .

We provided additional references in some areas to clarify our position .
we provided [more] references in some areas to clarify our position .

GAO and agency IGs are all part of the accountability community ; therefore , the relationships between GAO and agency IGs are considered additional to and separate from these protocols .
gao and agency igs are all part of the accountability community ; therefore , the relationships between gao and agency igs are considered [more] to and separate from these protocols .

If the review includes work at separate agency field locations , or if requested by the agency , GAO will consider holding additional entrance conferences when work is begun at field locations .
if the review includes work at separate agency field locations , or if requested by the agency , gao will consider holding [more] entrance conferences when work is begun at field locations .

Such discussions may identify additional relevant information and thus lead to further data gathering at the location .
such discussions may identify [more] relevant information and thus lead to further data gathering at the location .

GAO will refer inquiries for any additional information to the congressional requester ( s ) .
gao will refer inquiries for any [more] information to the congressional requester ( s ) .

We recognize that federal agencies , including GAO , might be able to achieve some additional savings by taking more advantage of frequent flyer miles for government travel .
we recognize that federal agencies , including gao , might be able to achieve some [more] savings by taking more advantage of frequent flyer miles for government travel .

Promotional items include only those obtained under the same terms as those offered to the general public and at no additional cost to the government .
promotional items include only those obtained under the same terms as those offered to the general public and at no [more] cost to the government .

Promotional items include only those obtained under the same terms as those offered to the general public and at no additional cost to the government .
promotional items include only those obtained under the same terms as those offered to the general public and at no [more] cost to the government .

Exploratory analyses of large data bases are often used to select a smaller number of variables for additional testing , on the basis of interesting patterns that emerged from various combinations of the elements of the large data base .
exploratory analyses of large data bases are often used to select a smaller number of variables for [more] testing , on the basis of interesting patterns that emerged from various combinations of the elements of the large data base .

The interested reader should inquire about the possibility of additional papers in the series .
the interested reader should inquire about the possibility of [more] papers in the series .

Additional copies are $ 2 each .
[more] copies are $ 2 each .

An additional dollar of government saving and debt reduction does not automatically increase national saving and investment by a dollar because changes in saving by households and businesses will tend to offset some of the change in government saving .
an [more] dollar of government saving and debt reduction does not automatically increase national saving and investment by a dollar because changes in saving by households and businesses will tend to offset some of the change in government saving .

The net effect of a tax incentive on national saving depends on whether the tax incentive induces enough additional saving by households to make up for the lower government saving resulting from the government 's revenue loss .
the net effect of a tax incentive on national saving depends on whether the tax incentive induces enough [more] saving by households to make up for the lower government saving resulting from the government 's revenue loss .

People may save more than they would have otherwise to supplement their Social Security benefits with additional retirement income or because they want to retire before they are eligible for Social Security and Medicare benefits .
people may save more than they would have otherwise to supplement their social security benefits with [more] retirement income or because they want to retire before they are eligible for social security and medicare benefits .

Although an individual household can tap the increased value of its assets to finance additional consumption or accumulate other assets by selling an asset to another household , the transaction itself shifts ownership of the existing asset and does not generate new economic output .
although an individual household can tap the increased value of its assets to finance [more] consumption or accumulate other assets by selling an asset to another household , the transaction itself shifts ownership of the existing asset and does not generate new economic output .

A portion of the nation 's income , in turn , is saved , allowing for additional investment in domestic factories , equipment , and other forms of capital that workers use to produce more goods and services or for investment abroad .
a portion of the nation 's income , in turn , is saved , allowing for [more] investment in domestic factories , equipment , and other forms of capital that workers use to produce more goods and services or for investment abroad .

Beyond the minimum level of investment needed to maintain the capital stock , additional investment to expand the capital stock is an important way to increase labor productivity , and thus future living standards .
beyond the minimum level of investment needed to maintain the capital stock , [more] investment to expand the capital stock is an important way to increase labor productivity , and thus future living standards .

Although borrowing from abroad helped finance additional investment , consumption rose more than domestic investment during the 1980s .
although borrowing from abroad helped finance [more] investment , consumption rose more than domestic investment during the 1980s .

Research suggests that for each additional dollar of saving , perhaps one-third is used to increase net foreign investment and two-thirds is used to increase domestic investment .
research suggests that for each [more] dollar of saving , perhaps one-third is used to increase net foreign investment and two-thirds is used to increase domestic investment .

In summary , it is unclear how much each additional dollar of government saving will ultimately increase national saving .
in summary , it is unclear how much each [more] dollar of government saving will ultimately increase national saving .

This means that for each additional dollar of government saving , aggregate private saving falls by less than a dollar .
this means that for each [more] dollar of government saving , aggregate private saving falls by less than a dollar .

Table 4.1 highlights some tax provisions aimed at encouraging saving for retirement , buying homes , and investing in education.27 The largest tax incentive for saving-in terms of the tax revenue loss-is the preferential tax treatment of employer-sponsored pension plans ; additional tax incentives encourage retirement saving outside of employer pensions .
table 4.1 highlights some tax provisions aimed at encouraging saving for retirement , buying homes , and investing in education.27 the largest tax incentive for saving-in terms of the tax revenue loss-is the preferential tax treatment of employer-sponsored pension plans ; [more] tax incentives encourage retirement saving outside of employer pensions .

The net effect on national saving-discussed further in Q4.8- depends on the interaction between any additional personal saving and government dissaving associated with financing the incentive .
the net effect on national saving-discussed further in q4.8- depends on the interaction between any [more] personal saving and government dissaving associated with financing the incentive .

The net effect on national saving depends on whether a tax incentive induces enough additional saving by households to make up for the government 's revenue loss .
the net effect on national saving depends on whether a tax incentive induces enough [more] saving by households to make up for the government 's revenue loss .

Again , the net effect of a tax incentive on national saving depends on whether the tax incentive induces enough additional personal saving to make up for the government 's revenue loss .
again , the net effect of a tax incentive on national saving depends on whether the tax incentive induces enough [more] personal saving to make up for the government 's revenue loss .

For example , President Clinton 's 2000 Retirement Savings Accounts ( RSAs ) proposal would have provided government matching on voluntary Page 102 GAO-01-591SP National Saving retirement contributions for low- and moderate-income families.32 Under the RSA proposal , a worker between the ages of 25 and 60 with family earnings of at least $ 5,000 could contribute up to $ 1,000 annually through either an employer-sponsored saving plan or a tax-deferred individual account.33 A worker earning up to $ 12,500 was to receive a two-to-one ( 200 percent ) match on the first $ 100 contributed each year and a one-to-one match ( 100 percent ) on additional contributions .
for example , president clinton 's 2000 retirement savings accounts ( rsas ) proposal would have provided government matching on voluntary page 102 gao-01-591sp national saving retirement contributions for low- and moderate-income families.32 under the rsa proposal , a worker between the ages of 25 and 60 with family earnings of at least $ 5,000 could contribute up to $ 1,000 annually through either an employer-sponsored saving plan or a tax-deferred individual account.33 a worker earning up to $ 12,500 was to receive a two-to-one ( 200 percent ) match on the first $ 100 contributed each year and a one-to-one match ( 100 percent ) on [more] contributions .

A worker earning between $ 25,000 and $ 40,000 was to receive a 20 percent match on the first $ 100 contributed and additional contributions .
a worker earning between $ 25,000 and $ 40,000 was to receive a 20 percent match on the first $ 100 contributed and [more] contributions .

Additional national summits are to be held in 2001 and 2005 .
[more] national summits are to be held in 2001 and 2005 .

When an individual delays retirement saving , that individual enjoys the additional consumption in the early years and then personally bears the burden of saving larger amounts later , working longer , or accepting a lower standard of living in retirement .
when an individual delays retirement saving , that individual enjoys the [more] consumption in the early years and then personally bears the burden of saving larger amounts later , working longer , or accepting a lower standard of living in retirement .

For example , crediting additional securities to the trust fund or increasing the interest rate paid on the trust fund 's securities would commit additional future general revenue to the Social Security program but does not increase the government 's overall revenue or reduce its costs .
for example , crediting [more] securities to the trust fund or increasing the interest rate paid on the trust fund 's securities would commit [more] future general revenue to the social security program but does not increase the government 's overall revenue or reduce its costs .

According to the Office of the Actuary at the Health Care Financing Administration , the estimated net present value of future additional resources needed to fund HI benefits alone over the 75 years is $ 4.6 trillion .
according to the office of the actuary at the health care financing administration , the estimated net present value of future [more] resources needed to fund hi benefits alone over the 75 years is $ 4.6 trillion .

Basically , for each additional dollar saved , about 66.6 cents are used for domestic investment and 33.3 cents are invested abroad .
basically , for each [more] dollar saved , about 66.6 cents are used for domestic investment and 33.3 cents are invested abroad .

Additional copies of reports are $ 2 each .
[more] copies of reports are $ 2 each .

The Results Act provides a ready-made statutory mechanism for making this essential connection , engaging Congress in a discussion of how and when management problems will be addressed , and helping to pinpoint additional efforts that may be needed .
the results act provides a ready-made statutory mechanism for making this essential connection , engaging congress in a discussion of how and when management problems will be addressed , and helping to pinpoint [more] efforts that may be needed .

Moreover , by using annual performance plans to set goals to address management weaknesses , agencies provide themselves and Congress with a vehicle-the subsequent agency performance reports-for tracking progress in addressing management problems and considering what , if any , additional efforts are needed .
moreover , by using annual performance plans to set goals to address management weaknesses , agencies provide themselves and congress with a vehicle-the subsequent agency performance reports-for tracking progress in addressing management problems and considering what , if any , [more] efforts are needed .

While GSA 's efforts thus far are an important reform , additional opportunities for organizational realignment appear to exist .
while gsa 's efforts thus far are an important reform , [more] opportunities for organizational realignment appear to exist .

An additional accountability mechanism is that the Chief Operating Officer and the Secretary of Education are required to agree on , and make public , a 5-year performance plan that establishes the Office 's goals and objectives .
an [more] accountability mechanism is that the chief operating officer and the secretary of education are required to agree on , and make public , a 5-year performance plan that establishes the office 's goals and objectives .

Information in agencies ' plans and reports produced under the Results Act , high quality financial and program cost data , and other related information , can help Congress in targeting its oversight efforts and identifying opportunities for additional improvements in agencies ' management .
information in agencies ' plans and reports produced under the results act , high quality financial and program cost data , and other related information , can help congress in targeting its oversight efforts and identifying opportunities for [more] improvements in agencies ' management .

Additional copies are $ 2 each .
[more] copies are $ 2 each .

An additional notice of information collection for the Quote Rule was published in the Federal Register on September 12 , 1996 ( 61 Fed .
an [more] notice of information collection for the quote rule was published in the federal register on september 12 , 1996 ( 61 fed .

In the 1990s , Congress enacted additional laws holding agencies accountable for effective management of public information resources .
in the 1990s , congress enacted [more] laws holding agencies accountable for effective management of public information resources .

Some of these additional challenges are described in the final section of this guide .
some of these [more] challenges are described in the final section of this guide .

At the same time , the federal CIO faces additional challenges as a result of specific legislative responsibilities ( e.g. , records management and defined contracting requirements ) .
at the same time , the federal cio faces [more] challenges as a result of specific legislative responsibilities ( e.g. , records management and defined contracting requirements ) .

Additional proficiencies critical to CIO success include leadership ability , innovation and flexibility , effective communications skills , interpersonal skills , and political astuteness .
[more] proficiencies critical to cio success include leadership ability , innovation and flexibility , effective communications skills , interpersonal skills , and political astuteness .

Three additional phases involve testing the system « s basic data-sharing function and adding new capabilities such as data importing , on-line processing , and document management .
three [more] phases involve testing the system « s basic data-sharing function and adding new capabilities such as data importing , on-line processing , and document management .

These organizations collapsed a lot of information into a form that effectively communicated the success or failure of information technology and management activities and , in the case of the latter , expanded on the issues and supplied additional information .
these organizations collapsed a lot of information into a form that effectively communicated the success or failure of information technology and management activities and , in the case of the latter , expanded on the issues and supplied [more] information .

We identified additional strategies that leading organizations use to enhance their information management workforces .
we identified [more] strategies that leading organizations use to enhance their information management workforces .

However , the extent to which the differences create additional constraints on the CIOs depends on how they and agency leaders respond to them .
however , the extent to which the differences create [more] constraints on the cios depends on how they and agency leaders respond to them .

Additional copies of reports are $ 2 each .
[more] copies of reports are $ 2 each .

The DSPB will be asked to provide any additional written information it wishes to be considered to assist the LSC President in fully and fairly entertaining all concerns and objections .
the dspb will be asked to provide any [more] written information it wishes to be considered to assist the lsc president in fully and fairly entertaining all concerns and objections .

Program Letter 1998-6 , published on July 6 , 1998 , responded to recipient requests for guidance and additional information on what was expected in their state planning reports .
program letter 1998-6 , published on july 6 , 1998 , responded to recipient requests for guidance and [more] information on what was expected in their state planning reports .

It included `` State Planning Considerations '' designed to address requests for additional information regarding statewide goals , capacities , and approaches recipients should consider in their state planning processes .
it included `` state planning considerations '' designed to address requests for [more] information regarding statewide goals , capacities , and approaches recipients should consider in their state planning processes .

Additionally , programs were offered the option of sending additional staff to the conference at their own expense .
additionally , programs were offered the option of sending [more] staff to the conference at their own expense .

Many attendees also asked for additional information on the following topics :
many attendees also asked for [more] information on the following topics :

Additional restrictions prevented our grantees from doing much of the work they had previously handled-representing prisoners in civil litigation , representing certain groups of immigrants , representing clients in class action lawsuits .
[more] restrictions prevented our grantees from doing much of the work they had previously handled-representing prisoners in civil litigation , representing certain groups of immigrants , representing clients in class action lawsuits .

Their plans were to include responses to the seven initial central tenets of State Planning : ( 1 ) development of intake , advice , and referral services ; ( 2 ) effective usage of technology ; ( 3 ) increased access to legal self-help and prevention information ; ( 4 ) coordination of legal work , training , information , and expert assistance ; ( 5 ) engagement of pro bono attorneys ; ( 6 ) development of additional state , local , and private resources ; and ( 7 ) optimal configuration of service areas .
their plans were to include responses to the seven initial central tenets of state planning : ( 1 ) development of intake , advice , and referral services ; ( 2 ) effective usage of technology ; ( 3 ) increased access to legal self-help and prevention information ; ( 4 ) coordination of legal work , training , information , and expert assistance ; ( 5 ) engagement of pro bono attorneys ; ( 6 ) development of [more] state , local , and private resources ; and ( 7 ) optimal configuration of service areas .

It included `` State Planning Considerations '' designed to address requests for additional information regarding statewide goals , capacities , and approaches recipients should consider in their state planning processes .
it included `` state planning considerations '' designed to address requests for [more] information regarding statewide goals , capacities , and approaches recipients should consider in their state planning processes .

These efforts have resulted in the development of additional resources for civil legal services , new and more efficient ways of providing legal information and advice to low-income persons , and more effective and economical structures to assure equal justice to greater numbers of Americans .
these efforts have resulted in the development of [more] resources for civil legal services , new and more efficient ways of providing legal information and advice to low-income persons , and more effective and economical structures to assure equal justice to greater numbers of americans .

Dates for three additional visits will be selected in the near future .
dates for three [more] visits will be selected in the near future .

The recipient would be given the opportunity to provide such additional written information as it believes will assist the President to fully and fairly consider its concerns and objections .
the recipient would be given the opportunity to provide such [more] written information as it believes will assist the president to fully and fairly consider its concerns and objections .

In many of these cases , additional time will be required if cases are appealed or new trials are granted .
in many of these cases , [more] time will be required if cases are appealed or new trials are granted .

Program inquiry visits are designed to gather information and to give LSC additional knowledge about programs that have not been visited recently .
program inquiry visits are designed to gather information and to give lsc [more] knowledge about programs that have not been visited recently .

An additional nine were for other pro se projects .
an [more] nine were for other pro se projects .

A recent study found that the students ' median law school debt is more than $ 84,000 - an amount that does not include the additional undergraduate debt burden that many students bear .
a recent study found that the students ' median law school debt is more than $ 84,000 - an amount that does not include the [more] undergraduate debt burden that many students bear .

Our productive relationships with these entities led to additional opportunities for information gathering and sharing .
our productive relationships with these entities led to [more] opportunities for information gathering and sharing .

LSC 's Corrective Action As these concerns surfaced , LSC decided as an initial step to reissue the 1993 CSR Handbook in May 1998 , providing additional guidance on particular areas that were considered to be most prone to error .
lsc 's corrective action as these concerns surfaced , lsc decided as an initial step to reissue the 1993 csr handbook in may 1998 , providing [more] guidance on particular areas that were considered to be most prone to error .

Recognizing that more action was needed to improve the CSR system , LSC provided additional written guidance to the field , including a substantial revision to its CSR Handbook ( reissued in November 1998 ) , and conducted training sessions on that guidance .
recognizing that more action was needed to improve the csr system , lsc provided [more] written guidance to the field , including a substantial revision to its csr handbook ( reissued in november 1998 ) , and conducted training sessions on that guidance .

LSC will receive additional information on the ability of grantees to leverage federal dollars using an estimate of cases funded exclusively with federal resources , through this methodology , although it is a less than perfect method of analysis .
lsc will receive [more] information on the ability of grantees to leverage federal dollars using an estimate of cases funded exclusively with federal resources , through this methodology , although it is a less than perfect method of analysis .

LSC routinely evaluates its grantees on their ability to leverage additional dollars from alternative sources to expand their ability to provide critical legal services to low-income persons .
lsc routinely evaluates its grantees on their ability to leverage [more] dollars from alternative sources to expand their ability to provide critical legal services to low-income persons .

Although we live in a time of great economic prosperity , there are currently still 34.5 million Americans living in households with an income below the poverty level.11 Some 10 million additional individuals with incomes between 100 and 125 percent of the poverty level are also potentially eligible for legal services .
although we live in a time of great economic prosperity , there are currently still 34.5 million americans living in households with an income below the poverty level.11 some 10 million [more] individuals with incomes between 100 and 125 percent of the poverty level are also potentially eligible for legal services .

This region has also developed additional resources for region-wide initiatives , such as a $ 120,000 three-year grant from the Rockefeller Foundation to increase the capacities of three community-based organizations .
this region has also developed [more] resources for region-wide initiatives , such as a $ 120,000 three-year grant from the rockefeller foundation to increase the capacities of three community-based organizations .

Early planning efforts focused on development of additional resources , expansion of pro bono assistance and support from the private bar and ensuring effective delivery of services by the federally funded programs .
early planning efforts focused on development of [more] resources , expansion of pro bono assistance and support from the private bar and ensuring effective delivery of services by the federally funded programs .

These individuals have visited one another 's programs as well as four additional model hotline/telephone intake systems around the country .
these individuals have visited one another 's programs as well as four [more] model hotline/telephone intake systems around the country .

The Committee report concluded that , `` while the Coalition programs and others are already a national model of coordination and cooperation , the programs should continue to search for areas in which they can achieve additional efficiencies and improve client services through increased coordination and cooperation . ''
the committee report concluded that , `` while the coalition programs and others are already a national model of coordination and cooperation , the programs should continue to search for areas in which they can achieve [more] efficiencies and improve client services through increased coordination and cooperation . ''

Approximately two million additional dollars come from counties , other governmental units , and private sources .
approximately two million [more] dollars come from counties , other governmental units , and private sources .

The overarching values underlying this three year plan included : ( 1 ) the need for legal services programs in New Jersey to function as a `` concerted , coherent , closely coordinated legal assistance delivery system ; '' ( 2 ) the need to develop additional resources to expand access and improve quality of services within the state ; ( 3 ) the need to incorporate the views of clients and key partners in making major decisions about how to design and implement a system of high quality comprehensive legal services ; and ( 4 ) 100 % access for clients throughout the state .
the overarching values underlying this three year plan included : ( 1 ) the need for legal services programs in new jersey to function as a `` concerted , coherent , closely coordinated legal assistance delivery system ; '' ( 2 ) the need to develop [more] resources to expand access and improve quality of services within the state ; ( 3 ) the need to incorporate the views of clients and key partners in making major decisions about how to design and implement a system of high quality comprehensive legal services ; and ( 4 ) 100 % access for clients throughout the state .

The task force has set two initial goals : to prioritize , coordinate and develop a work plan for legal work on a state-wide and regional level ; and to develop resources to support this legal work through pooled resources of programs , collaborations with law schools , special funding from OLAF and foundations , and the creation of additional task forces .
the task force has set two initial goals : to prioritize , coordinate and develop a work plan for legal work on a state-wide and regional level ; and to develop resources to support this legal work through pooled resources of programs , collaborations with law schools , special funding from olaf and foundations , and the creation of [more] task forces .

Foundation funding accounts for an additional $ 400,000 annually .
foundation funding accounts for an [more] $ 400,000 annually .

A successful pilot project , funded by the courts , to employ facilitators to assist pro se litigants is being expanded to additional courts .
a successful pilot project , funded by the courts , to employ facilitators to assist pro se litigants is being expanded to [more] courts .

Legal service providers continue to work with a variety of partners , including the Oregon Judicial Conference , to improve pro se forms and instructions in additional areas of the law , beyond domestic relations .
legal service providers continue to work with a variety of partners , including the oregon judicial conference , to improve pro se forms and instructions in [more] areas of the law , beyond domestic relations .

Additional questions .
[more] questions .

Additional guidelines will be provided for estimating numbers that can not be directly counted .
[more] guidelines will be provided for estimating numbers that can not be directly counted .

In a number of states , additional resources are now available for civil legal assistance :
in a number of states , [more] resources are now available for civil legal assistance :

Successful efforts by the Tennessee Alliance of Legal Services ( the state planning entity ) to have bail bond fee legislation passed will result in an additional $ 2.5 million in state funds for legal service programs .
successful efforts by the tennessee alliance of legal services ( the state planning entity ) to have bail bond fee legislation passed will result in an [more] $ 2.5 million in state funds for legal service programs .

The Illinois Equal Justice Commission ( Illinois state planning body ) has begun a campaign to secure additional Illinois General Assembly funding for legal services .
the illinois equal justice commission ( illinois state planning body ) has begun a campaign to secure [more] illinois general assembly funding for legal services .

An additional $ 90,000 is expected over the next two months from corporate donors and foundations .
an [more] $ 90,000 is expected over the next two months from corporate donors and foundations .

The amended rule will result in banks paying higher interest rates on IOTA accounts , which could yield an additional $ 15 million dollars in IOTA revenues .
the amended rule will result in banks paying higher interest rates on iota accounts , which could yield an [more] $ 15 million dollars in iota revenues .

Grantees in 10 states received two-year grant terms ( 2002 and 2003 ) for demonstrating significant progress , though still needing additional state planning .
grantees in 10 states received two-year grant terms ( 2002 and 2003 ) for demonstrating significant progress , though still needing [more] state planning .

The Orange County I-CAN project was successfully completed and is being expanded with additional monies this year .
the orange county i-can project was successfully completed and is being expanded with [more] monies this year .

Commitment : LSC will seek additional funds to increase the presence of LSC staff in the field .
commitment : lsc will seek [more] funds to increase the presence of lsc staff in the field .

Area of Inquiry -- Does the configuration of programs within the state facilitate the coordination of resource development efforts to maintain existing resources and to generate and leverage additional resources , including such efforts as unified approaches to major potential public sources , liaison with and maintenance of existing statewide resources , and coordinated technical assistance for local fundraising ?
area of inquiry -- does the configuration of programs within the state facilitate the coordination of resource development efforts to maintain existing resources and to generate and leverage [more] resources , including such efforts as unified approaches to major potential public sources , liaison with and maintenance of existing statewide resources , and coordinated technical assistance for local fundraising ?

If more than one out of 20 reference toxicant tests fall outside the control limits , the laboratory should investigate sources of variability , take corrective actions to reduce identified sources of variability , and perform an additional reference toxicant test during the same month .
if more than one out of 20 reference toxicant tests fall outside the control limits , the laboratory should investigate sources of variability , take corrective actions to reduce identified sources of variability , and perform an [more] reference toxicant test during the same month .

EMSL-Cincinnati hopes to release EPAcertified solutions of cadmium and copper , with accompanying toxicity data for the recommended test species , for use as reference toxicants through cooperative research and development agreements with commercial suppliers , and will continue to develop additional reference toxicants for future release .
emsl-cincinnati hopes to release epacertified solutions of cadmium and copper , with accompanying toxicity data for the recommended test species , for use as reference toxicants through cooperative research and development agreements with commercial suppliers , and will continue to develop [more] reference toxicants for future release .

Additional precision data for each of the tests described in this manual are presented in the sections describing the individual test methods .
[more] precision data for each of the tests described in this manual are presented in the sections describing the individual test methods .

If more than one out of 20 reference toxicant tests fall outside the control limits , the laboratory should investigate sources of variability , take corrective actions to reduce identified sources of variability , and perform an additional reference toxicant test during the same month .
if more than one out of 20 reference toxicant tests fall outside the control limits , the laboratory should investigate sources of variability , take corrective actions to reduce identified sources of variability , and perform an [more] reference toxicant test during the same month .

EMSL-Cincinnati plans to release USEPA-certified solutions of cadmium and copper for use as reference toxicants , through cooperative research and development agreements with commercial suppliers , and will continue to develop additional reference toxicants for future release .
emsl-cincinnati plans to release usepa-certified solutions of cadmium and copper for use as reference toxicants , through cooperative research and development agreements with commercial suppliers , and will continue to develop [more] reference toxicants for future release .

USEPA ( 2000a ) provides additional guidance on selecting appropriate dilution waters .
usepa ( 2000a ) provides [more] guidance on selecting appropriate dilution waters .

USEPA ( 2000a ) provides additional guidance on dual controls .
usepa ( 2000a ) provides [more] guidance on dual controls .

Additional seawater may be added to the brine to obtain the volume of brine required .
[more] seawater may be added to the brine to obtain the volume of brine required .

Conditions for exception would be : ( l ) better access to a sampling point between the final treatment and the discharge outfall ; ( 2 ) if the processed waste is chlorinated prior to discharge , it may also be desirable to take samples prior to contact with the chlorine to determine toxicity of the unchlorinated effluent ; or ( 3 ) in the event there is a desire to evaluate the toxicity of the influent to municipal waste treatment plants or separate wastewater streams in industrial facilities prior to their being combined with other wastewater streams or non-contact cooling water , additional sampling points may be chosen .
conditions for exception would be : ( l ) better access to a sampling point between the final treatment and the discharge outfall ; ( 2 ) if the processed waste is chlorinated prior to discharge , it may also be desirable to take samples prior to contact with the chlorine to determine toxicity of the unchlorinated effluent ; or ( 3 ) in the event there is a desire to evaluate the toxicity of the influent to municipal waste treatment plants or separate wastewater streams in industrial facilities prior to their being combined with other wastewater streams or non-contact cooling water , [more] sampling points may be chosen .

USEPA ( 2000a ) provides additional guidance on choosing appropriate test concentrations .
usepa ( 2000a ) provides [more] guidance on choosing appropriate test concentrations .

Among alternative hypothesis tests some , like Williams ' Test , require additional assumptions , while others , like the bootstrap methods , require computerintensive computations .
among alternative hypothesis tests some , like williams ' test , require [more] assumptions , while others , like the bootstrap methods , require computerintensive computations .

USEPA ( 2000a ) provides additional guidance on selecting appropriate dilution waters .
usepa ( 2000a ) provides [more] guidance on selecting appropriate dilution waters .

USEPA ( 2000a ) provides additional guidance on dual controls .
usepa ( 2000a ) provides [more] guidance on dual controls .

Aerate the combined solution vigorously for an additional 24 h to dissolve the added chemicals and stabilize the medium .
aerate the combined solution vigorously for an [more] 24 h to dissolve the added chemicals and stabilize the medium .

Conditions for exception would be : ( l ) better access to a sampling point between the final treatment and the discharge outfall ; ( 2 ) if the processed waste is chlorinated prior to discharge , it may also be desirable to take samples prior to contact with the chlorine to determine toxicity of the unchlorinated effluent ; or ( 3 ) in the event there is a desire to evaluate the toxicity of the influent to municipal waste treatment plants or separate wastewater streams in industrial facilities prior to their being combined with other wastewater streams or non-contact cooling water , additional sampling points may be chosen .
conditions for exception would be : ( l ) better access to a sampling point between the final treatment and the discharge outfall ; ( 2 ) if the processed waste is chlorinated prior to discharge , it may also be desirable to take samples prior to contact with the chlorine to determine toxicity of the unchlorinated effluent ; or ( 3 ) in the event there is a desire to evaluate the toxicity of the influent to municipal waste treatment plants or separate wastewater streams in industrial facilities prior to their being combined with other wastewater streams or non-contact cooling water , [more] sampling points may be chosen .

USEPA ( 2000a ) provides additional guidance on choosing appropriate test concentrations .
usepa ( 2000a ) provides [more] guidance on choosing appropriate test concentrations .

Among alternative hypothesis tests some , like Williams ' Test , require additional assumptions , while others , like the bootstrap methods , require computerintensive computations .
among alternative hypothesis tests some , like williams ' test , require [more] assumptions , while others , like the bootstrap methods , require computerintensive computations .

The current approach is inefficient and ineffective , imposing unnecessarily high costs due to : ( 1 ) stranded capital investments from the installation of controls that later become obsolete when additional requirements are promulgated ; ( 2 ) reduced lead time for complying with those requirements ; ( 3 ) limited or non-existent flexibility for emissions trading to allow cost-efficient control options ; and ( 4 ) a reliance upon lengthy , expensive , and uncertain litigation to sort out regulatory ambiguity and compliance with the law .
the current approach is inefficient and ineffective , imposing unnecessarily high costs due to : ( 1 ) stranded capital investments from the installation of controls that later become obsolete when [more] requirements are promulgated ; ( 2 ) reduced lead time for complying with those requirements ; ( 3 ) limited or non-existent flexibility for emissions trading to allow cost-efficient control options ; and ( 4 ) a reliance upon lengthy , expensive , and uncertain litigation to sort out regulatory ambiguity and compliance with the law .

This may be particularly relevant for mercury controls , where the effectiveness varies by coal type , and may be difficult to model correctly without additional detail .
this may be particularly relevant for mercury controls , where the effectiveness varies by coal type , and may be difficult to model correctly without [more] detail .

The costs include : ( 1 ) direct investment costs , ( 2 ) operating and maintenance costs , ( 3 ) research and development and other government program costs , ( 4 ) transaction , search , and compliance costs , ( 5 ) adjustment costs associated with large changes in specific capital stocks , ( 6 ) lost economic flexibility created by additional emission requirements , and ( 7 ) potential interactions with the existing tax system .
the costs include : ( 1 ) direct investment costs , ( 2 ) operating and maintenance costs , ( 3 ) research and development and other government program costs , ( 4 ) transaction , search , and compliance costs , ( 5 ) adjustment costs associated with large changes in specific capital stocks , ( 6 ) lost economic flexibility created by [more] emission requirements , and ( 7 ) potential interactions with the existing tax system .

The costs associated with the emission limits in each scenario are computed as the increased expenditures on pollution control , investment in more efficient equipment and appliances , research and development , tax incentives , and additional government programs - all relative to the reference case .
the costs associated with the emission limits in each scenario are computed as the increased expenditures on pollution control , investment in more efficient equipment and appliances , research and development , tax incentives , and [more] government programs - all relative to the reference case .

Multi-Emissions Analysis This section provides additional details about the technology assumptions that underpin the four emission scenarios .
multi-emissions analysis this section provides [more] details about the technology assumptions that underpin the four emission scenarios .

For buildings , the policies and programs include additional appliance efficiency standards ; expansion of technical assistance and technology deployment programs ; and an increased number of building codes and efficiency standards for equipment and appliances .
for buildings , the policies and programs include [more] appliance efficiency standards ; expansion of technical assistance and technology deployment programs ; and an increased number of building codes and efficiency standards for equipment and appliances .

For electricity , the policies include extending the production tax credit of 1.5 cents/kWh over more years and extending it to additional renewable technologies .
for electricity , the policies include extending the production tax credit of 1.5 cents/kwh over more years and extending it to [more] renewable technologies .

Hence , there are no additional programs or policies that generate changes in the reference case technologies when the emission caps are imposed by the year 2007 .
hence , there are no [more] programs or policies that generate changes in the reference case technologies when the emission caps are imposed by the year 2007 .

Because scenario A characterizes existing program and technology performance , no additional funds are required to drive that scenario .
because scenario a characterizes existing program and technology performance , no [more] funds are required to drive that scenario .

While the AEO2001 analysis anticipated no program spending to drive these changes , EPA assumed that additional spending would be required for scenario B. Calibrating to the CEF policy scenarios , EPA estimated that program and policy spending would increase by $ 0.8 billion in 2002 , rising steadily to $ 2.9 billion by 2015 .
while the aeo2001 analysis anticipated no program spending to drive these changes , epa assumed that [more] spending would be required for scenario b. calibrating to the cef policy scenarios , epa estimated that program and policy spending would increase by $ 0.8 billion in 2002 , rising steadily to $ 2.9 billion by 2015 .

The generation expenditures vary in each of the scenarios change for at least three reasons : ( 1 ) the size of the allowance bank made possible by early reductions driven , in part , by program spending prior to the introduction of the caps ; ( 2 ) the varying levels of demand for electricity over time , resulting in changes in the overall mix of generation resources ; and , ( 3 ) the gradual reduction in the banked allowances available for withdrawal necessitating additional actions to reduce emissions .
the generation expenditures vary in each of the scenarios change for at least three reasons : ( 1 ) the size of the allowance bank made possible by early reductions driven , in part , by program spending prior to the introduction of the caps ; ( 2 ) the varying levels of demand for electricity over time , resulting in changes in the overall mix of generation resources ; and , ( 3 ) the gradual reduction in the banked allowances available for withdrawal necessitating [more] actions to reduce emissions .

It is important to note that marginal cost reflects the additional cost of one more ton of reductions , and not the total cost associated with each pollutant .
it is important to note that marginal cost reflects the [more] cost of one more ton of reductions , and not the total cost associated with each pollutant .

Election For Additional Units Section 407 provides the option for units that are not otherwise subject to the new sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , and mercury trading programs to opt into the programs if certain conditions are met .
election for [more] units section 407 provides the option for units that are not otherwise subject to the new sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , and mercury trading programs to opt into the programs if certain conditions are met .

Allowances for States with Emissions Rates at or Below 0.80 lbs/mmBtu Section 415 is existing Section 406 , which provides additional formulations for Phase II allocations with no substantive changes .
allowances for states with emissions rates at or below 0.80 lbs/mmbtu section 415 is existing section 406 , which provides [more] formulations for phase ii allocations with no substantive changes .

Election for Additional Sources Section 416 is existing Section 410 , modified to reduce the allocations for opt-in units in the Acid Rain Program to 50 percent for applications submitted to EPA after January 1 , 2002 .
election for [more] sources section 416 is existing section 410 , modified to reduce the allocations for opt-in units in the acid rain program to 50 percent for applications submitted to epa after january 1 , 2002 .

Each subsequent year , an additional 1 % of the allowances for twenty years , and then an additional 2.5 % thereafter , will be auctioned until eventually all the allowances are auctioned .
each subsequent year , an [more] 1 % of the allowances for twenty years , and then an [more] 2.5 % thereafter , will be auctioned until eventually all the allowances are auctioned .

Each subsequent year , an additional 1 % of the allowances for twenty years , and then an additional 2.5 % thereafter , will be auctioned until eventually all the allowances are auctioned .
each subsequent year , an [more] 1 % of the allowances for twenty years , and then an [more] 2.5 % thereafter , will be auctioned until eventually all the allowances are auctioned .

Each subsequent year , an additional 1 % of the allowances for twenty years , and then an additional 2.5 % thereafter , will be auctioned until eventually all the allowances are auctioned .
each subsequent year , an [more] 1 % of the allowances for twenty years , and then an [more] 2.5 % thereafter , will be auctioned until eventually all the allowances are auctioned .

In addition , new affected units constructed after enactment will be required to meet the performance standards under Section 481 , and no additional , case-by-case review of the appropriate control technology , such as BACT or the lowest achievable emission rate ( LAER ) , will be required .
in addition , new affected units constructed after enactment will be required to meet the performance standards under section 481 , and no [more] , case-by-case review of the appropriate control technology , such as bact or the lowest achievable emission rate ( laer ) , will be required .

Additional precision data for each of the tests described in this manual are presented in the sections describing the individual test methods .
[more] precision data for each of the tests described in this manual are presented in the sections describing the individual test methods .

If more than one out of 20 reference toxicant tests fall outside the control limits , the laboratory should investigate sources of variability , take corrective actions to reduce identified sources of variability , and perform an additional reference toxicant test during the same month .
if more than one out of 20 reference toxicant tests fall outside the control limits , the laboratory should investigate sources of variability , take corrective actions to reduce identified sources of variability , and perform an [more] reference toxicant test during the same month .

EMSL-Cincinnati hopes to release USEPA-certified solutions of cadmium and copper for use as reference toxicants through cooperative research and development agreements with commercial suppliers , and will continue to develop additional reference toxicants for future release .
emsl-cincinnati hopes to release usepa-certified solutions of cadmium and copper for use as reference toxicants through cooperative research and development agreements with commercial suppliers , and will continue to develop [more] reference toxicants for future release .

It is time to revisit and update the Clean Air Act once again in order to achieve the additional reductions needed to address public health and environmental problems in the most cost effective manner .
it is time to revisit and update the clean air act once again in order to achieve the [more] reductions needed to address public health and environmental problems in the most cost effective manner .

Modeling shows that when full implementation of existing regulations such as the acid rain program , the NOx SIP Call , the Tier II standards for cars and trucks , the heavy duty diesel engine standards , and the low sulfur gasoline and diesel fuel rules are taken into account , additional reductions will be needed to bring areas into attainment .
modeling shows that when full implementation of existing regulations such as the acid rain program , the nox sip call , the tier ii standards for cars and trucks , the heavy duty diesel engine standards , and the low sulfur gasoline and diesel fuel rules are taken into account , [more] reductions will be needed to bring areas into attainment .

With most plants needing to install control equipment to meet these requirements , it is likely that this approach would lead to installation of controls that become obsolete and stranded capital investments as additional requirements are promulgated .
with most plants needing to install control equipment to meet these requirements , it is likely that this approach would lead to installation of controls that become obsolete and stranded capital investments as [more] requirements are promulgated .

Layering additional requirements , such as the `` outdated power plants '' provision , on top of a cap and trade program is very likely to increase costs without providing significant environmental benefits .
layering [more] requirements , such as the `` outdated power plants '' provision , on top of a cap and trade program is very likely to increase costs without providing significant environmental benefits .

I look forward to the additional hearings you will need to address these important issues and to working with the Committee to develop an approach that the President can support .
i look forward to the [more] hearings you will need to address these important issues and to working with the committee to develop an approach that the president can support .

Installation of LSFO presents a conservatively high estimate of anticipated resources and time to provide additional control of SO2 emission , since LSFO systems commonly are more resource intensive than many other FGD technologies .
installation of lsfo presents a conservatively high estimate of anticipated resources and time to provide [more] control of so2 emission , since lsfo systems commonly are more resource intensive than many other fgd technologies .

The demand for boilermaker labor due to the NOX SIP Call over the next few years is likely to be limiting , but through the implementation of the Clear Skies Act , additional recruiting and training of new boilermakers would create a stronger market for skilled labor , ultimately increasing the supply .
the demand for boilermaker labor due to the nox sip call over the next few years is likely to be limiting , but through the implementation of the clear skies act , [more] recruiting and training of new boilermakers would create a stronger market for skilled labor , ultimately increasing the supply .

With regards to reagents and other consumables , it is projected that there is sufficient supply of limestone for additional FGD systems .
with regards to reagents and other consumables , it is projected that there is sufficient supply of limestone for [more] fgd systems .

The revisions of the National Ambient Air Quality Standards ( NAAQS ) aimed at reducing haze may require electric utility sources to adopt additional control measures .
the revisions of the national ambient air quality standards ( naaqs ) aimed at reducing haze may require electric utility sources to adopt [more] control measures .

In addition to structural steel , additional light , or gallery , steel may be used in the limestone preparation area and for the processing of waste or byproducts ( e.g. , buildings ) .
in addition to structural steel , [more] light , or gallery , steel may be used in the limestone preparation area and for the processing of waste or byproducts ( e.g. , buildings ) .

Generally , if pH of scrubbing liquor falls below a range of 5.0 to 6.0 , additional reagent is required to maintain the reactivity of the absorbent .
generally , if ph of scrubbing liquor falls below a range of 5.0 to 6.0 , [more] reagent is required to maintain the reactivity of the absorbent .

Multiple absorber installations will typically add a few months to the implementation schedule , particularly to connect additional absorbers during scheduled outages .
multiple absorber installations will typically add a few months to the implementation schedule , particularly to connect [more] absorbers during scheduled outages .

Based on experience in Germany in response to a compliance directive , a significant quantity of SO2 and NOX control installations were performed within outage periods consisting of less than four weeks.11 Electricity generating facilities often plan the connection to occur during planned outages to avoid additional downtime .
based on experience in germany in response to a compliance directive , a significant quantity of so2 and nox control installations were performed within outage periods consisting of less than four weeks.11 electricity generating facilities often plan the connection to occur during planned outages to avoid [more] downtime .

Additional downtime leading to loss of a unit 's availability to supply electricity is atypical for FGD technology installations.3,12 Because peak electricity demand generally occurs during the summer months ( May through September ) , typically control connections occur during months of other seasons , notably the spring or fall.10 For example , FGD connections to the two Centralia units were performed outside of the peak electricity demand period .
[more] downtime leading to loss of a unit 's availability to supply electricity is atypical for fgd technology installations.3,12 because peak electricity demand generally occurs during the summer months ( may through september ) , typically control connections occur during months of other seasons , notably the spring or fall.10 for example , fgd connections to the two centralia units were performed outside of the peak electricity demand period .

Therefore , the total estimated time to modify the Title V operating permit is about 17 months , plus the additional time to complete compliance testing .
therefore , the total estimated time to modify the title v operating permit is about 17 months , plus the [more] time to complete compliance testing .

For the multiple installation of three absorber modules at one plant ( six boiler units ) , an additional four months may be needed to schedule the outage for the FGD hookup outside of the high electricity demand months .
for the multiple installation of three absorber modules at one plant ( six boiler units ) , an [more] four months may be needed to schedule the outage for the fgd hookup outside of the high electricity demand months .

The greatest labor requirement occurs for FGD on a single unit ( i.e. , 500 MWe ) , and additional efficiencies in incremental labor occur when scheduling multiple units at one facility , particularly when combining multiple boilers into a single absorber .
the greatest labor requirement occurs for fgd on a single unit ( i.e. , 500 mwe ) , and [more] efficiencies in incremental labor occur when scheduling multiple units at one facility , particularly when combining multiple boilers into a single absorber .

A reasonable estimate of multiple FGD installations at one site includes 380,000 man-hours for the initial 500 MWe of capacity ( or 760 man-hours/MWe ) and an additional 500 man-hours per MWe , up to a total of 900 MWe , for any combination into a single common absorber .
a reasonable estimate of multiple fgd installations at one site includes 380,000 man-hours for the initial 500 mwe of capacity ( or 760 man-hours/mwe ) and an [more] 500 man-hours per mwe , up to a total of 900 mwe , for any combination into a single common absorber .

Because no additional efficiencies in engineering and project management are assumed for larger installations , multiple 900 MWe absorber systems each add another 653,200 man-hours .
because no [more] efficiencies in engineering and project management are assumed for larger installations , multiple 900 mwe absorber systems each add another 653,200 man-hours .

OKS pé~ÅÉ=oÉèìáêÉãÉåíë Generally 1-acre on-site will allow the installation of an FGD retrofit.1 The need for additional space for support systems ranges from no additional space needed to 2.5 acres typical for up-front reagent processing and 1 acre for dewatering when reagent processing and dewatering operations are selected as part of the FGD system design .
oks pé~åé=oéèìáêéãéåíë generally 1-acre on-site will allow the installation of an fgd retrofit.1 the need for [more] space for support systems ranges from no [more] space needed to 2.5 acres typical for up-front reagent processing and 1 acre for dewatering when reagent processing and dewatering operations are selected as part of the fgd system design .

Because of the difficulty due to congestion of the site , this retrofit required additional time and labor , but worked within space constraints .
because of the difficulty due to congestion of the site , this retrofit required [more] time and labor , but worked within space constraints .

If connection space is limited , additional ductwork may be necessary .
if connection space is limited , [more] ductwork may be necessary .

Conservatively , when on-site reagent processing is selected , an additional 2.5 acres for an entire facility will be sufficient .
conservatively , when on-site reagent processing is selected , an [more] 2.5 acres for an entire facility will be sufficient .

An additional example of zero wastewater discharge is the 446 MWe Craig Units 1 & 2 ( installed 1980 ) that are designed for 85 percent SO2 removal and also employ limestone reagent and mechanical draft cooling towers .
an [more] example of zero wastewater discharge is the 446 mwe craig units 1 & 2 ( installed 1980 ) that are designed for 85 percent so2 removal and also employ limestone reagent and mechanical draft cooling towers .

This approach , however , increases operating costs , as it requires additional heating of the gas .
this approach , however , increases operating costs , as it requires [more] heating of the gas .

A German SCR system supplier installed SCR on a significant portion of the German capacity within outage periods consisting of less than four weeks.11 Based upon outages in this time range for SCR connection , electricity-generating facilities would normally be able to plan the SCR connection to occur during planned outages to avoid additional downtime .
a german scr system supplier installed scr on a significant portion of the german capacity within outage periods consisting of less than four weeks.11 based upon outages in this time range for scr connection , electricity-generating facilities would normally be able to plan the scr connection to occur during planned outages to avoid [more] downtime .

Therefore , the total estimated time to modify the Title V operating permit is about 17 months , plus the additional time to complete compliance testing.10 Based on the estimated time periods needed to complete each of the four phases described above , the estimated time period to complete the implementation of SCR on one combustion unit is about 21 months .
therefore , the total estimated time to modify the title v operating permit is about 17 months , plus the [more] time to complete compliance testing.10 based on the estimated time periods needed to complete each of the four phases described above , the estimated time period to complete the implementation of scr on one combustion unit is about 21 months .

However , because there is a substantial amount of work that can be accomplished with the boiler on line , the additional time would be much less than the number of high electricity demand months that are accommodated by this approach .
however , because there is a substantial amount of work that can be accomplished with the boiler on line , the [more] time would be much less than the number of high electricity demand months that are accommodated by this approach .

As a result , 15-20 percent efficiencies can be realized from these activities and can be planned into the project.22 Long-term projects , such as retrofits of more than one unit at one site , also lend themselves to additional efficiencies from learning curves .
as a result , 15-20 percent efficiencies can be realized from these activities and can be planned into the project.22 long-term projects , such as retrofits of more than one unit at one site , also lend themselves to [more] efficiencies from learning curves .

Locating the SCR in an elevated location near the boiler economizer and air preheater is frequently done to minimize the length of ductwork ( with the associated pressure loss ) and because no additional real estate is necessary for the SCR reactor .
locating the scr in an elevated location near the boiler economizer and air preheater is frequently done to minimize the length of ductwork ( with the associated pressure loss ) and because no [more] real estate is necessary for the scr reactor .

The advantages of this approach are that greater mercury capture occurs because of the additional mercury capture that can occur on the FF filter cake ; and , because the ash is largely separated from the sorbent , more efficient sorbent utilization is possible through sorbent recycling .
the advantages of this approach are that greater mercury capture occurs because of the [more] mercury capture that can occur on the ff filter cake ; and , because the ash is largely separated from the sorbent , more efficient sorbent utilization is possible through sorbent recycling .

Therefore , the total estimated time to modify the Title V operating permit is about 12 months , plus the additional time to complete compliance testing.10 Based on the estimated time periods needed to complete each of the four phases described above , the estimated time period to complete the implementation of ACI on one combustion unit is about 15 months , as shown in Exhibit A-5 in Appendix A .
therefore , the total estimated time to modify the title v operating permit is about 12 months , plus the [more] time to complete compliance testing.10 based on the estimated time periods needed to complete each of the four phases described above , the estimated time period to complete the implementation of aci on one combustion unit is about 15 months , as shown in exhibit a-5 in appendix a .

However , an additional smoke stack is normally unnecessary .
however , an [more] smoke stack is normally unnecessary .

EPA estimated that up to 72 GWe of SCR would result from the NOX SIP Call and an additional 13 GWe from individual state multipollutant rules with approximately 14 GWe currently installed .
epa estimated that up to 72 gwe of scr would result from the nox sip call and an [more] 13 gwe from individual state multipollutant rules with approximately 14 gwe currently installed .

Based on availability of resources , particularly labor , it is projected that an additional 6,000 MWe of FGD capacity could be built for a total of 10,000 MWe by 2005 .
based on availability of resources , particularly labor , it is projected that an [more] 6,000 mwe of fgd capacity could be built for a total of 10,000 mwe by 2005 .

It is likely that additional FGD retrofits could be completed by 2005 , but there would be the potential for an increase in the cost of construction due to decreased implementation time .
it is likely that [more] fgd retrofits could be completed by 2005 , but there would be the potential for an increase in the cost of construction due to decreased implementation time .

Assuming new capacity will be needed when the reserve margin approaches 15 percent , it is expected to push back the need for additional capacity beyond 2005 and in some regions as late as 2010 .
assuming new capacity will be needed when the reserve margin approaches 15 percent , it is expected to push back the need for [more] capacity beyond 2005 and in some regions as late as 2010 .

Considering that 4 GWe of scrubber capacity is either being built or recently constructed , it is conservatively assumed than an additional 6 GWe could be completed by 2005 .
considering that 4 gwe of scrubber capacity is either being built or recently constructed , it is conservatively assumed than an [more] 6 gwe could be completed by 2005 .

By 2005 , an additional 85 GWe of coal-fired SCR capacity is expected to be on line in response to the NOX SIP Call and recently promulgated State rules ( this includes anticipated SCR retrofits under the state rules for Missouri , Connecticut , and Texas ) .
by 2005 , an [more] 85 gwe of coal-fired scr capacity is expected to be on line in response to the nox sip call and recently promulgated state rules ( this includes anticipated scr retrofits under the state rules for missouri , connecticut , and texas ) .

China traditionally bought 3 to 6 million tons of urea annually ( which is produced from ammonia ) , but in 1996 , the country launched a drive to become self-sufficient in urea , a move that has displaced 1.9 to 3.7 million tons of ammonia.47 Based on these estimates , the ability to supply of ammonia will continue to exceed its demand , even with the additional demand from newly installed SCR systems .
china traditionally bought 3 to 6 million tons of urea annually ( which is produced from ammonia ) , but in 1996 , the country launched a drive to become self-sufficient in urea , a move that has displaced 1.9 to 3.7 million tons of ammonia.47 based on these estimates , the ability to supply of ammonia will continue to exceed its demand , even with the [more] demand from newly installed scr systems .

U.S. producers knew China would bring on the new , more-efficient plants , but they did not expect that country to continue running its smaller , less-efficient ones.48 Thus , it is expected that this worldwide supply will provide additional flexibility in meeting any significant increases in demand .
u.s. producers knew china would bring on the new , more-efficient plants , but they did not expect that country to continue running its smaller , less-efficient ones.48 thus , it is expected that this worldwide supply will provide [more] flexibility in meeting any significant increases in demand .

AC producers are concentrating increasingly on the Asia-Pacific region to exploit growing markets and take advantage of lower production costs ; reported capacity expansions of over 15,000 tons/yr are all planned for Asia-Pacific and Russia.50 According to Norit , the largest supplier of AC for air pollution control purposes , there is currently adequate excess capacity to accommodate significant growth in the demand ( tens of millions of pounds/yr , or roughly tens of thousands of tons/yr ) .51 However , depending upon how much growth occurs as a result of regulation , additional capacity may be necessary .
ac producers are concentrating increasingly on the asia-pacific region to exploit growing markets and take advantage of lower production costs ; reported capacity expansions of over 15,000 tons/yr are all planned for asia-pacific and russia.50 according to norit , the largest supplier of ac for air pollution control purposes , there is currently adequate excess capacity to accommodate significant growth in the demand ( tens of millions of pounds/yr , or roughly tens of thousands of tons/yr ) .51 however , depending upon how much growth occurs as a result of regulation , [more] capacity may be necessary .

Even if ACI is more broadly used than anticipated by EPA ( more than 1,300 MWe ) , it is clear that with at least 2-3 years of preparation time to build more production capacity the AC industry can accommodate any additional demand .
even if aci is more broadly used than anticipated by epa ( more than 1,300 mwe ) , it is clear that with at least 2-3 years of preparation time to build more production capacity the ac industry can accommodate any [more] demand .

In addition to the jobs that are directly created by this activity , jobs will be created indirectly as a result of the economic activity that is stimulated by additional discretionary income workers will have .
in addition to the jobs that are directly created by this activity , jobs will be created indirectly as a result of the economic activity that is stimulated by [more] discretionary income workers will have .

Workers that are directly employed on these clean air projects will purchase consumer goods and services , which will stimulate additional economic activity .
workers that are directly employed on these clean air projects will purchase consumer goods and services , which will stimulate [more] economic activity .

Economic multipliers of 2 to 3 are often used.52 Using the lower multiplier of 2 and the total labor estimates of Table 6-3 , 25,000 additional jobs may be created through indirect economic activity ( 2 times the peak direct labor level of 12,500 workers indicated in Table 6-3 ) .
economic multipliers of 2 to 3 are often used.52 using the lower multiplier of 2 and the total labor estimates of table 6-3 , 25,000 [more] jobs may be created through indirect economic activity ( 2 times the peak direct labor level of 12,500 workers indicated in table 6-3 ) .

This effect does not consider the additional job-gain potential from U.S.-based equipment suppliers that export to other countries the clean-air technology know-how they will gain from these clean-air programs .
this effect does not consider the [more] job-gain potential from u.s.-based equipment suppliers that export to other countries the clean-air technology know-how they will gain from these clean-air programs .

Installation of wet FGD , specifically LSFO , presents a conservatively high estimate of anticipated resources and time to provide additional control of SO2 emissions .
installation of wet fgd , specifically lsfo , presents a conservatively high estimate of anticipated resources and time to provide [more] control of so2 emissions .

The total demand for additional FGD installations will be modest and is expected to be well within the anticipated steel capacity , even with demands from other applications .
the total demand for [more] fgd installations will be modest and is expected to be well within the anticipated steel capacity , even with demands from other applications .

With regard to reagents and other consumables , clearly there is ample supply of limestone for additional FGD systems , especially in light of conservatively high assumptions that were used to make these estimates .
with regard to reagents and other consumables , clearly there is ample supply of limestone for [more] fgd systems , especially in light of conservatively high assumptions that were used to make these estimates .

While the current Clean Air Act has played a role in significantly improving some of these issues , additional reductions in the emissions of SO2 , NOx , and mercury are necessary to address persistent public health and environmental problems .
while the current clean air act has played a role in significantly improving some of these issues , [more] reductions in the emissions of so2 , nox , and mercury are necessary to address persistent public health and environmental problems .

In addition to the quantified and monetized benefits summarized above , there are a number of additional categories are not currently amenable to quantification or valuation .
in addition to the quantified and monetized benefits summarized above , there are a number of [more] categories are not currently amenable to quantification or valuation .

For this analysis , the baseline scenarios for 2010 and 2020 assume no additional emissions control regulation beyond the continuing effects of Title IV of the Clean Air Act Amendments , the NOx SIP Call , and other promulgated federal rules issued under the Clean Air Act .
for this analysis , the baseline scenarios for 2010 and 2020 assume no [more] emissions control regulation beyond the continuing effects of title iv of the clean air act amendments , the nox sip call , and other promulgated federal rules issued under the clean air act .

We generated emissions estimates for the Clear Skies Act control scenario using the same set of economic activity projections as the baseline but with additional emissions controls consistent with the Clear Skies Act caps .
we generated emissions estimates for the clear skies act control scenario using the same set of economic activity projections as the baseline but with [more] emissions controls consistent with the clear skies act caps .

REMSAD Version 6.40 includes improvements that address comments EPA obtained during the 1999 peer review of REMSAD Version 4.1 ( Seigneur et al. , 1999 ) , including improved treatment of ammonium/nitrate/sulfate equilibrium , inclusion of additional aqueous sulfate formation pathways , and expanded treatment of mercury chemistry ( ICF Consulting , 2001 ) .
remsad version 6.40 includes improvements that address comments epa obtained during the 1999 peer review of remsad version 4.1 ( seigneur et al. , 1999 ) , including improved treatment of ammonium/nitrate/sulfate equilibrium , inclusion of [more] aqueous sulfate formation pathways , and expanded treatment of mercury chemistry ( icf consulting , 2001 ) .

Additional discussion is found in the section on uncertainties .
[more] discussion is found in the section on uncertainties .

Indeed , the Base Estimate presumes that the larger coefficients represent a more complete accounting of mortality effects , including both the cumulative total of short-term mortality as well as an additional chronic effect .
indeed , the base estimate presumes that the larger coefficients represent a more complete accounting of mortality effects , including both the cumulative total of short-term mortality as well as an [more] chronic effect .

The VSL approach applies information from several published value-of-life studies , which themselves examine tradeoffs of monetary compensation for small additional mortality risks , to determine a reasonable benefit of preventing premature mortality .
the vsl approach applies information from several published value-of-life studies , which themselves examine tradeoffs of monetary compensation for small [more] mortality risks , to determine a reasonable benefit of preventing premature mortality .

Five of the 26 studies are contingent valuation ( CV ) studies , which directly solicit WTP information from subjects ; the rest are wage-risk studies , which base WTP estimates on estimates of the additional compensation demanded in the labor market for riskier jobs , controlling for other job and employee characteristics such as education and experience .
five of the 26 studies are contingent valuation ( cv ) studies , which directly solicit wtp information from subjects ; the rest are wage-risk studies , which base wtp estimates on estimates of the [more] compensation demanded in the labor market for riskier jobs , controlling for other job and employee characteristics such as education and experience .

The EPA recognizes the need for investigation by the scientific community to develop additional empirical support for adjustments to VSL for the factors mentioned above .
the epa recognizes the need for investigation by the scientific community to develop [more] empirical support for adjustments to vsl for the factors mentioned above .

While there is no empirical evidence to support or reject hypotheses regarding wealth and observed WTP , WTP for additional life years by the elderly may in part reflect their wealth position vis a vis middle age respondents .
while there is no empirical evidence to support or reject hypotheses regarding wealth and observed wtp , wtp for [more] life years by the elderly may in part reflect their wealth position vis a vis middle age respondents .

We can not adjust for all benefits transfer considerations , however , thus introducing additional uncertainty into our estimates .
we can not adjust for all benefits transfer considerations , however , thus introducing [more] uncertainty into our estimates .

Election of additional units .
election of [more] units .

Election for additional sources .
election for [more] sources .

If necessary to meeting the 40,000 allowance restriction imposed under this subsection the Administrator shall reduce , pro rata , the additional annual allowances allocated to each unit under this subsection .
if necessary to meeting the 40,000 allowance restriction imposed under this subsection the administrator shall reduce , pro rata , the [more] annual allowances allocated to each unit under this subsection .

If necessary to meeting the 5,000 allowance restriction imposed in the last clause of the preceding sentence the Administrator shall reduce , pro rata , the additional allowances allocated to each unit pursuant to this paragraph .
if necessary to meeting the 5,000 allowance restriction imposed in the last clause of the preceding sentence the administrator shall reduce , pro rata , the [more] allowances allocated to each unit pursuant to this paragraph .

Units subject to subsection ( b ) ( 1 ) for which an alternative emission limitation is established shall not be required to install any additional control technology beyond low NOx burners .
units subject to subsection ( b ) ( 1 ) for which an alternative emission limitation is established shall not be required to install any [more] control technology beyond low nox burners .

Population is a reasonable proxy for the size of the network and therefore institutional costs are divided by the U.S. population to obtain the additional cost per person .
population is a reasonable proxy for the size of the network and therefore institutional costs are divided by the u.s. population to obtain the [more] cost per person .

Clearly , additional research is warranted .
clearly , [more] research is warranted .

To divide IC mail into LC and AO components , we need further data from the Postal Service or to make additional assumptions .
to divide ic mail into lc and ao components , we need further data from the postal service or to make [more] assumptions .

On January 12th the Postal Service submitted such a request seeking an additional $ 3.7 million dollars in revenue to be generated by an overall average rate increase of approximately 6.4 percent .
on january 12th the postal service submitted such a request seeking an [more] $ 3.7 million dollars in revenue to be generated by an overall average rate increase of approximately 6.4 percent .

Under the rate levels of the most recently completed rate case , eliminating the preferred categories would yield about onethird of a billion dollars in additional revenue .
under the rate levels of the most recently completed rate case , eliminating the preferred categories would yield about onethird of a billion dollars in [more] revenue .

According to rate case figures , this would provide additional revenues of about $ 70 million , but one would expect associated adjustments that went beyond this figure .
according to rate case figures , this would provide [more] revenues of about $ 70 million , but one would expect associated adjustments that went beyond this figure .

Ups selects certain Zip Codes for an additional surcharge .
ups selects certain zip codes for an [more] surcharge .

In this case the challenge lay in evaluating the Service 's request for additional funds over and above its expected operating expenses .
in this case the challenge lay in evaluating the service 's request for [more] funds over and above its expected operating expenses .

Last January the Postal Service proposed an array of rate increases designed to generate an additional $ 2.8 billion in revenue .
last january the postal service proposed an array of rate increases designed to generate an [more] $ 2.8 billion in revenue .

The Postal Service also presented additional revenue and costing-cutting initiatives , such as the billion-dollar-a-year `` break through productivity plan '' announced by the Postmaster General this past spring .
the postal service also presented [more] revenue and costing-cutting initiatives , such as the billion-dollar-a-year `` break through productivity plan '' announced by the postmaster general this past spring .

A joint Postal Service-Postal Rate Commission task force suggested a number of areas where additional special rules might further encourage Postal Service innovation.6 The Postal Service petitioned the Commission in 1995 to adopt rules to implement some of the task force 's recommendations .
a joint postal service-postal rate commission task force suggested a number of areas where [more] special rules might further encourage postal service innovation.6 the postal service petitioned the commission in 1995 to adopt rules to implement some of the task force 's recommendations .

Postal Service , the Commission extended their application for an additional five-year period in a recent rulemaking.11 Conclusion : Specialized Postal Rate Commission rules of procedure are currently available for use by the Postal Service to provide expeditious consideration of proposed service innovations in a manner consistent with the due process rights of all interested persons .
postal service , the commission extended their application for an [more] five-year period in a recent rulemaking.11 conclusion : specialized postal rate commission rules of procedure are currently available for use by the postal service to provide expeditious consideration of proposed service innovations in a manner consistent with the due process rights of all interested persons .

Conclusion : Negotiated rates-unaccompanied by a change in service conditions that provides cost justification-are a problematical approach to introducing additional flexibility into Postal Service business practices .
conclusion : negotiated rates-unaccompanied by a change in service conditions that provides cost justification-are a problematical approach to introducing [more] flexibility into postal service business practices .

MC2001-1 , the Commission recommended three new worksharing-based discounted Priority Mail categories after negotiating with mailers who were willing to presort their mail in new ways that could reduce the Postal Service 's costs.18 Such `` niche classification '' proposals are essentially Negotiated Service Agreements , without any associated legal uncertainties or additional administrative barriers .
mc2001-1 , the commission recommended three new worksharing-based discounted priority mail categories after negotiating with mailers who were willing to presort their mail in new ways that could reduce the postal service 's costs.18 such `` niche classification '' proposals are essentially negotiated service agreements , without any associated legal uncertainties or [more] administrative barriers .

Monopoly Rents and Inefficiencies In 1993 , the average U.S. postal worker subject to collective bargaining received $ 35,001 in pay and allowances , and an additional $ 7,713 in fringe benefits.22 To put these earnings into perspective , the median annual earnings 19 A niche incumbent might provide delivery less frequently or to a subset of possible stops .
monopoly rents and inefficiencies in 1993 , the average u.s. postal worker subject to collective bargaining received $ 35,001 in pay and allowances , and an [more] $ 7,713 in fringe benefits.22 to put these earnings into perspective , the median annual earnings 19 a niche incumbent might provide delivery less frequently or to a subset of possible stops .

Additional billions have been invested in buildings , in part to house the automation .
[more] billions have been invested in buildings , in part to house the automation .

The Postal Service has an additional disadvantage because city carriers deliver only addressed advertising mail .
the postal service has an [more] disadvantage because city carriers deliver only addressed advertising mail .

First-Class Mail in 1975 paid 10¢ per piece ( plus another 9¢ for each additional ounce beyond the first ) , regardless of the piece 's shape or processing characteristics , and regardless of the distance it needed to be carried .
first-class mail in 1975 paid 10¢ per piece ( plus another 9¢ for each [more] ounce beyond the first ) , regardless of the piece 's shape or processing characteristics , and regardless of the distance it needed to be carried .

Further , the rate for additional ounces is considerably less than the rate for the first ounce .
further , the rate for [more] ounces is considerably less than the rate for the first ounce .

Some mailers have found that turning the mail over to a presort firm , which requires time to do the additional work , results in a 1-day loss in service .
some mailers have found that turning the mail over to a presort firm , which requires time to do the [more] work , results in a 1-day loss in service .

Note that since the discount is equal to the savings experienced at the margin as additional pieces become workshared , the base ( 1996 ) position becomes the efficient component pricing ( ECP ) position .
note that since the discount is equal to the savings experienced at the margin as [more] pieces become workshared , the base ( 1996 ) position becomes the efficient component pricing ( ecp ) position .

The approach taken is based on the assumption that mailer decisions on whether to engage in additional worksharing are based entirely on the absolute level of the discount .
the approach taken is based on the assumption that mailer decisions on whether to engage in [more] worksharing are based entirely on the absolute level of the discount .

The losses from giving the higher discount to all of the mailers that are already presorting are large and the savings from the additional presorting are small .
the losses from giving the higher discount to all of the mailers that are already presorting are large and the savings from the [more] presorting are small .

Additional work , however , has been transferred to a lower cost provider , causing a technical gain of about one billion dollars .
[more] work , however , has been transferred to a lower cost provider , causing a technical gain of about one billion dollars .

Shehhi could have traveled elsewhere during this time , but no records indicating additional travel have been discovered .
shehhi could have traveled elsewhere during this time , but no records indicating [more] travel have been discovered .

Jarrah and Hanjour also received additional training and practice flights in the early summer .
jarrah and hanjour also received [more] training and practice flights in the early summer .

There is no indication that Atta or Shehhi received any additional flight training in June .
there is no indication that atta or shehhi received any [more] flight training in june .

Readying the Attacks A week after he returned from meeting Binalshibh in Spain , Atta traveled to Newark , probably to coordinate with Hazmi and give him additional funds .
readying the attacks a week after he returned from meeting binalshibh in spain , atta traveled to newark , probably to coordinate with hazmi and give him [more] funds .

Generally , elevators originating in the lobby ran to `` sky lobbies '' on higher floors , where additional elevators carried passengers to the tops of the buildings .
generally , elevators originating in the lobby ran to `` sky lobbies '' on higher floors , where [more] elevators carried passengers to the tops of the buildings .

They called for a fifth alarm , which would bring additional engine and ladder companies , as well as for two more elite rescue units .
they called for a fifth alarm , which would bring [more] engine and ladder companies , as well as for two more elite rescue units .

Fifth , numerous additional FDNY personnel-such as fire marshals and firefighters in administrative positions-who lacked a predetermined operating role also reported to the WTC .
fifth , numerous [more] fdny personnel-such as fire marshals and firefighters in administrative positions-who lacked a predetermined operating role also reported to the wtc .

By 9:30 , chiefs in charge of the South Tower still were in need of additional companies .
by 9:30 , chiefs in charge of the south tower still were in need of [more] companies .

In response to the shortage of units in the South Tower , at 9:37 an additional second alarm was requested by the chief at the West and Liberty streets staging area .
in response to the shortage of units in the south tower , at 9:37 an [more] second alarm was requested by the chief at the west and liberty streets staging area .

At 9:46 , the Chief of Department called an additional fifth alarm , and at 9:54 an additional 20 engine and 6 ladder companies were sent to the WTC .
at 9:46 , the chief of department called an [more] fifth alarm , and at 9:54 an [more] 20 engine and 6 ladder companies were sent to the wtc .

At approximately 9:30 , a senior OEM official ordered the evacuation of the facility , after a Secret Service agent in 7 WTC advised him that additional commercial planes were not accounted for .
at approximately 9:30 , a senior oem official ordered the evacuation of the facility , after a secret service agent in 7 wtc advised him that [more] commercial planes were not accounted for .

Another chief from the North Tower lobby soon followed with an additional evacuation order issued on tactical 1 .
another chief from the north tower lobby soon followed with an [more] evacuation order issued on tactical 1 .

Some of these firefighters did not know that the South Tower had collapsed , but many chose despite that knowledge to remain in an attempt to save additional lives .
some of these firefighters did not know that the south tower had collapsed , but many chose despite that knowledge to remain in an attempt to save [more] lives .

They remained in the area , conducting additional searches for civilians ; all but two of them died .
they remained in the area , conducting [more] searches for civilians ; all but two of them died .

With better understanding of the resources already available , additional units might not have been dispatched to the South Tower at 9:37 .
with better understanding of the resources already available , [more] units might not have been dispatched to the south tower at 9:37 .

Though almost no one at 9:50 on September 11 was contemplating an imminent total collapse of the TwinTowers , many first responders and civilians were contemplating the possibility of imminent additional terrorist attacks throughout New York City .
though almost no one at 9:50 on september 11 was contemplating an imminent total collapse of the twintowers , many first responders and civilians were contemplating the possibility of imminent [more] terrorist attacks throughout new york city .

KSM told them to meet with Atef before returning to Saudi Arabia , where they should contact hijacker future 9/11 hijacker Waleed al Shehri for additional documentation .
ksm told them to meet with atef before returning to saudi arabia , where they should contact hijacker future 9/11 hijacker waleed al shehri for [more] documentation .

Nevertheless , the FBI 's Phoenix office believes it plausible that Hanjour returned to Arizona for additional training .
nevertheless , the fbi 's phoenix office believes it plausible that hanjour returned to arizona for [more] training .

KSM also says that he and Atef were so concerned about this lack of discretion that they urged Bin Ladin not to make any additional remarks about the plot .
ksm also says that he and atef were so concerned about this lack of discretion that they urged bin ladin not to make any [more] remarks about the plot .

See CIA cable , request additional information on KSM , June 26 , 2001 .
see cia cable , request [more] information on ksm , june 26 , 2001 .

She also spoke with an FBI analyst to obtain additional information .
she also spoke with an fbi analyst to obtain [more] information .

Still , as Director Tenet conceded in his testimony before the Joint Inquiry , the Kuala Lumpur meeting took on additional significance once Khallad was identified as having attended the meeting .
still , as director tenet conceded in his testimony before the joint inquiry , the kuala lumpur meeting took on [more] significance once khallad was identified as having attended the meeting .

For numerous additional FDNY personnel reporting , see FDNY interview 3 , Chief ( Jan. 7 , 2004 ) ; FDNY interview 8 , Fire Marshall ( Jan. 9 , 2004 ) .
for numerous [more] fdny personnel reporting , see fdny interview 3 , chief ( jan. 7 , 2004 ) ; fdny interview 8 , fire marshall ( jan. 9 , 2004 ) .

Twenty-six additional FDNY companies-more than 150 firefighters-were en route at the time of the South Tower 's collapse , and scores more PAPD officers on Church and Vesey were preparing to enter the towers .
twenty-six [more] fdny companies-more than 150 firefighters-were en route at the time of the south tower 's collapse , and scores more papd officers on church and vesey were preparing to enter the towers .

At our request , based on additional information , theTerrorist Screening Center in June and July 2004 rechecked the names of individuals believed to be on these six flights , the names of individuals on three more charter flights , the names of individuals on the flight containing the Saudi Deputy Defense Minister , and the names of Saudi nationals on commercial flights that journalists have alleged are suspect .
at our request , based on [more] information , theterrorist screening center in june and july 2004 rechecked the names of individuals believed to be on these six flights , the names of individuals on three more charter flights , the names of individuals on the flight containing the saudi deputy defense minister , and the names of saudi nationals on commercial flights that journalists have alleged are suspect .

Based on our review of their visa and travel histories , we believe it possible that as many as eleven additional hijackers ( Wail al Shehri , Waleed al Shehri , Mohand al Shehri , Hani Hanjour , Majed Moqed , Nawaf al Hazmi , Hamza al Ghamdi , Ahmed al Ghamdi , Saeed al Ghamdi , Ahmed al Nami , and Ahmad al Haznawi ) held passports containing these same fraudulent features , but their passports have not been found so we can not be sure .
based on our review of their visa and travel histories , we believe it possible that as many as eleven [more] hijackers ( wail al shehri , waleed al shehri , mohand al shehri , hani hanjour , majed moqed , nawaf al hazmi , hamza al ghamdi , ahmed al ghamdi , saeed al ghamdi , ahmed al nami , and ahmad al haznawi ) held passports containing these same fraudulent features , but their passports have not been found so we can not be sure .

Several factors beyond the visa process itself include the National Security Entry-Exit Registration System , which requires additional screening processes for certain groups from Arab and Muslim countries ; the Iraq war ; and perNOTES TO CHAPTER 12 565 haps cyclical economic factors .
several factors beyond the visa process itself include the national security entry-exit registration system , which requires [more] screening processes for certain groups from arab and muslim countries ; the iraq war ; and pernotes to chapter 12 565 haps cyclical economic factors .

See GAO report , `` Aviation Security : Additional Actions Needed to Meet Domestic and International Challenges , '' Jan. 27 , 1994 ; GAO report , '' Aviation Security : Urgent Issues Need to Be Addressed , '' Sept. 11 , 1996 ; GAO report , '' Aviation Security : Slow Progress in Addressing Long-Standing Screener Performance Problems , '' Mar .
see gao report , `` aviation security : [more] actions needed to meet domestic and international challenges , '' jan. 27 , 1994 ; gao report , '' aviation security : urgent issues need to be addressed , '' sept. 11 , 1996 ; gao report , '' aviation security : slow progress in addressing long-standing screener performance problems , '' mar .

The DCI added that frustrations with getting additional funding requests arose mainly from the administration .
the dci added that frustrations with getting [more] funding requests arose mainly from the administration .

On Saudi disruptions generally , see CIA report , `` Additional Background on the Saudi discovery of an UBL Network in Saudi Arabia , '' undated ( appears to be May 1998 ) .
on saudi disruptions generally , see cia report , `` [more] background on the saudi discovery of an ubl network in saudi arabia , '' undated ( appears to be may 1998 ) .

It rejected efforts to bring additional resources to bear in the north .
it rejected efforts to bring [more] resources to bear in the north .

This meant that the failure of any one layer of security would not be fatal , because additional layers would provide backup security .
this meant that the failure of any one layer of security would not be fatal , because [more] layers would provide backup security .

Although the algorithm included hijacker profile data , at that time only passengers checking bags were eligible to be selected by CAPPS for additional scrutiny .
although the algorithm included hijacker profile data , at that time only passengers checking bags were eligible to be selected by capps for [more] scrutiny .

Each chief of station was a very important person in the organization , given the additional title of the DCI 's representative in that country .
each chief of station was a very important person in the organization , given the [more] title of the dci 's representative in that country .

Additional pressure on the Pakistanis-beyond demands to press theTaliban on Bin Ladin-seemed unattractive to most officials of the State Department .
[more] pressure on the pakistanis-beyond demands to press thetaliban on bin ladin-seemed unattractive to most officials of the state department .

Talbott felt that the only remaining sticks were additional sanctions that would have bankrupted the Pakistanis , a dangerous move that could have brought `` total chaos '' to a nuclear-armed country with a significant number of Islamic radicals .
talbott felt that the only remaining sticks were [more] sanctions that would have bankrupted the pakistanis , a dangerous move that could have brought `` total chaos '' to a nuclear-armed country with a significant number of islamic radicals .

Through every available channel , he repeated the earlier warning to the Taliban of the possible dire consequences-including military strikes-if Bin Ladin remained their guest and conducted additional attacks .
through every available channel , he repeated the earlier warning to the taliban of the possible dire consequences-including military strikes-if bin ladin remained their guest and conducted [more] attacks .

Participants noted that while the FBI had been given additional resources for such efforts , both it and the CIA were having problems exploiting leads by tracing U.S. telephone numbers and translating documents obtained in cell disruptions abroad .
participants noted that while the fbi had been given [more] resources for such efforts , both it and the cia were having problems exploiting leads by tracing u.s. telephone numbers and translating documents obtained in cell disruptions abroad .

In an additional note addressed to Schroen , the tribals noted that if they were to adopt Bin Ladin 's ethics , '' we would have finished the job long before , '' RESPONSES TO AL QAEDA 'S INITIAL ASSAULTS 133 but they had been limited by their abilities and `` by our beliefs and laws we have to respect . ''
in an [more] note addressed to schroen , the tribals noted that if they were to adopt bin ladin 's ethics , '' we would have finished the job long before , '' responses to al qaeda 's initial assaults 133 but they had been limited by their abilities and `` by our beliefs and laws we have to respect . ''

Ashcroft was told that preparations for multiple attacks were in late stages or already complete and that little additional warning could be expected .
ashcroft was told that preparations for multiple attacks were in late stages or already complete and that little [more] warning could be expected .

Minneapolis and FBI headquarters debated whether Moussaoui should be arrested immediately or surveilled to obtain additional information .
minneapolis and fbi headquarters debated whether moussaoui should be arrested immediately or surveilled to obtain [more] information .

When additional pieces of the puzzle arrived in the spring and summer of 2001 , they were not put together .
when [more] pieces of the puzzle arrived in the spring and summer of 2001 , they were not put together .

Ashcroft told us he was determined to take every conceivable action , within the limits of the Constitution , to identify potential terrorists and deter additional attacks .
ashcroft told us he was determined to take every conceivable action , within the limits of the constitution , to identify potential terrorists and deter [more] attacks .

Four of the members appointed to this committee or committees should be a member who also serves on each of the following additional committees : Armed Services , Judiciary , Foreign Affairs , and the Defense Appropriations subcommittee .
four of the members appointed to this committee or committees should be a member who also serves on each of the following [more] committees : armed services , judiciary , foreign affairs , and the defense appropriations subcommittee .

When asked for additional identification , Ressam handed the Customs agent a Price Costco membership card in the same false name as his passport .
when asked for [more] identification , ressam handed the customs agent a price costco membership card in the same false name as his passport .

Several weeks later , CIA officers in Kuala Lumpur prodded colleagues in Bangkok for additional information regarding the three travelers .
several weeks later , cia officers in kuala lumpur prodded colleagues in bangkok for [more] information regarding the three travelers .

Neither this designation nor UN sanctions had much additional practical effect ; the sanctions were easily circumvented , and there were no multilateral mechanisms to ensure that other countries ' financial systems were not used as conduits for terrorist funding .
neither this designation nor un sanctions had much [more] practical effect ; the sanctions were easily circumvented , and there were no multilateral mechanisms to ensure that other countries ' financial systems were not used as conduits for terrorist funding .

Even if Bin Ladin were not found , Clarke said , Predator missions might identify additional worthwhile targets , such as other al Qaeda leaders or stocks of chemical or biological weapons .
even if bin ladin were not found , clarke said , predator missions might identify [more] worthwhile targets , such as other al qaeda leaders or stocks of chemical or biological weapons .

The CIA got some additional covert action authorities , adding several other individuals to the coverage of the July 1999 Memorandum of Notification that allowed the United States to develop capture operations against al Qaeda leaders in a variety of places and circumstances .
the cia got some [more] covert action authorities , adding several other individuals to the coverage of the july 1999 memorandum of notification that allowed the united states to develop capture operations against al qaeda leaders in a variety of places and circumstances .

Tenet developed additional options , such as strengthening relationships with the Northern Alliance and the Uzbeks and slowing recent al Qaeda-related activities in Lebanon .
tenet developed [more] options , such as strengthening relationships with the northern alliance and the uzbeks and slowing recent al qaeda-related activities in lebanon .

Before Vice President Cheney visited the CIA in mid-February , Clarke sent him a memo-outside the usual White House document-management system-suggesting that he ask CIA officials `` what additional information is needed before CIA can definitively conclude that al-Qida was responsible '' for the Cole .
before vice president cheney visited the cia in mid-february , clarke sent him a memo-outside the usual white house document-management system-suggesting that he ask cia officials `` what [more] information is needed before cia can definitively conclude that al-qida was responsible '' for the cole .

The CIA was to develop an expanded covert action program including significant additional funding and aid to anti-Taliban groups .
the cia was to develop an expanded covert action program including significant [more] funding and aid to anti-taliban groups .

The additional funds included the FBI 's support of the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City , Utah ( a onetime increase ) , enhanced security at FBI facilities , and improvements to the FBI 's WMD incident response capability .
the [more] funds included the fbi 's support of the 2002 winter olympics in salt lake city , utah ( a onetime increase ) , enhanced security at fbi facilities , and improvements to the fbi 's wmd incident response capability .

Tenet deferred an answer on the additional reconnaissance flights , conferred with his staff after the meeting , and then directed the CIA to press ahead with them .
tenet deferred an answer on the [more] reconnaissance flights , conferred with his staff after the meeting , and then directed the cia to press ahead with them .

Hadley wanted the authorities to be flexible and broad enough `` to cover any additional UBL-related covert actions contemplated . ''
hadley wanted the authorities to be flexible and broad enough `` to cover any [more] ubl-related covert actions contemplated . ''

As described below , the ensuing years saw additional efforts to establish connections .
as described below , the ensuing years saw [more] efforts to establish connections .

Dozens of additional militants arrived on later flights .
dozens of [more] militants arrived on later flights .

At least one additional explosives expert was brought in to assist in putting the weapons together .
at least one [more] explosives expert was brought in to assist in putting the weapons together .

During the fall of 1992 , while Yousef was building the bomb he would use in that attack , KSM and Yousef had numerous telephone conversations during which Yousef discussed his progress and sought additional funding .
during the fall of 1992 , while yousef was building the bomb he would use in that attack , ksm and yousef had numerous telephone conversations during which yousef discussed his progress and sought [more] funding .

Atta- whom Bin Ladin chose to lead the group-met with Bin Ladin several times to receive additional instructions , including a preliminary list of approved targets : the World Trade Center , the Pentagon , and the U.S. Capitol .
atta- whom bin ladin chose to lead the group-met with bin ladin several times to receive [more] instructions , including a preliminary list of approved targets : the world trade center , the pentagon , and the u.s. capitol .

According to KSM , the Hamburg cell members each received $ 5,000 to pay for their return to Germany from Afghanistan after they had been selected to join the plot , and they received additional funds for travel from Germany to the United States .
according to ksm , the hamburg cell members each received $ 5,000 to pay for their return to germany from afghanistan after they had been selected to join the plot , and they received [more] funds for travel from germany to the united states .

In the update 's summary of key points , the only reference to Bin Ladin was this sentence : '' Iran and its surrogates , as well as terrorist financier Usama Bin Ladin and his followers , have stepped up their threats and surveillance of US facilities abroad in what also may be a portent of possible additional attacks in the United States . ''
in the update 's summary of key points , the only reference to bin ladin was this sentence : '' iran and its surrogates , as well as terrorist financier usama bin ladin and his followers , have stepped up their threats and surveillance of us facilities abroad in what also may be a portent of possible [more] attacks in the united states . ''

With respect to KSM 's additional proposal to bomb cargo planes by shipping jackets containing nitrocellulose , KSM states that Bin Ladin expressed interest in changing the operation so that it would involve a suicide operative .
with respect to ksm 's [more] proposal to bomb cargo planes by shipping jackets containing nitrocellulose , ksm states that bin ladin expressed interest in changing the operation so that it would involve a suicide operative .

The additional expenses included travel to obtain passports and visas , travel to the United States , expenses incurred by the plot leaders and facilitators , and the expenses incurred by the people selected to be hijackers who ultimately did not participate .
the [more] expenses included travel to obtain passports and visas , travel to the united states , expenses incurred by the plot leaders and facilitators , and the expenses incurred by the people selected to be hijackers who ultimately did not participate .

A third meeting was apparently held in front of additional aides .
a third meeting was apparently held in front of [more] aides .

Clarke apparently took the comment as a presidential instruction to take another look at what additional actions could be taken against Bin Ladin .
clarke apparently took the comment as a presidential instruction to take another look at what [more] actions could be taken against bin ladin .

For the additional covert action authorities , see NSC memo , McCarthy to Berger , new covert action authorities , Oct. 31 , 2000 .
for the [more] covert action authorities , see nsc memo , mccarthy to berger , new covert action authorities , oct. 31 , 2000 .

He told us , however , that if circumstances changed and he needed more authority , he would have come back to either President Clinton or PresNOTES TO CHAPTER 6 509 ident Bush and asked for the additional authority .
he told us , however , that if circumstances changed and he needed more authority , he would have come back to either president clinton or presnotes to chapter 6 509 ident bush and asked for the [more] authority .

The system also chose passengers at random to receive additional security scrutiny .
the system also chose passengers at random to receive [more] security scrutiny .

On information about additional aircraft , see , e.g. , Andrew Card meeting ( Mar .
on information about [more] aircraft , see , e.g. , andrew card meeting ( mar .

For additional sources on the President 's desire to return , see White House transcript , Vice President Cheney interview with Newsweek , Nov. 19 , 2001 , p. 5 .
for [more] sources on the president 's desire to return , see white house transcript , vice president cheney interview with newsweek , nov. 19 , 2001 , p. 5 .

It should supplement state and local resources based on the risks or vulnerabilities that merit additional support .
it should supplement state and local resources based on the risks or vulnerabilities that merit [more] support .

There is no evidence that the hijackers manipulated passenger levels or purchased additional seats to facilitate their operation .
there is no evidence that the hijackers manipulated passenger levels or purchased [more] seats to facilitate their operation .

The officials who issued these orders did not know that there were additional hijacked aircraft , or that one such aircraft was en route to Washington .
the officials who issued these orders did not know that there were [more] hijacked aircraft , or that one such aircraft was en route to washington .

The fact that in our data there were more days with low rather than high p -values is an indication that there may be additional true “ outbreaks ” that are indistinguishable from random noise .
the fact that in our data there were more days with low rather than high p -values is an indication that there may be [more] true “ outbreaks ” that are indistinguishable from random noise .

An additional spin-off is that direct payments force conservation biologists to quantify and hence clarify their objectives , says John Hough , principal technical advisor on biodiversity for the United Nations Development Programme .
an [more] spin-off is that direct payments force conservation biologists to quantify and hence clarify their objectives , says john hough , principal technical advisor on biodiversity for the united nations development programme .

He inserts some new data from the literature about the product of an additional gene , sloppy-paired , in Hh signaling , removes some of the more tenuous connections , and promptly recovers a biologically essential behavior that the original von Dassow network lacked : the ability to maintain a fixed pattern of gene expression even in the face of cell division and growth .
he inserts some new data from the literature about the product of an [more] gene , sloppy-paired , in hh signaling , removes some of the more tenuous connections , and promptly recovers a biologically essential behavior that the original von dassow network lacked : the ability to maintain a fixed pattern of gene expression even in the face of cell division and growth .

The results reported here point to several areas for additional investigation .
the results reported here point to several areas for [more] investigation .

Moreover , this response was sensitive to plating density , revealing that additional cell-non-autonomous factors may regulate this response .
moreover , this response was sensitive to plating density , revealing that [more] cell-non-autonomous factors may regulate this response .

Additional studies to test the impact of transplanted IPCs in animal models of diabetes therefore await production of IPCs capable of insulin secretion at levels higher than achieved here .
[more] studies to test the impact of transplanted ipcs in animal models of diabetes therefore await production of ipcs capable of insulin secretion at levels higher than achieved here .

Samples in which only HCoV-NL63 RNA could be detected had a significantly higher viral load than samples containing additional respiratory viruses .
samples in which only hcov-nl63 rna could be detected had a significantly higher viral load than samples containing [more] respiratory viruses .

The Role of Fibroblast Growth Factor For example , additional signaling pathways are now known to operate .
the role of fibroblast growth factor for example , [more] signaling pathways are now known to operate .

Thus , exposure to FGF is required to endow the ectoderm with the competence to respond to additional signals that will act later on its way towards neural specification .
thus , exposure to fgf is required to endow the ectoderm with the competence to respond to [more] signals that will act later on its way towards neural specification .

Lahn is also searching for additional candidate genes that might help to explain how our brains evolved .
lahn is also searching for [more] candidate genes that might help to explain how our brains evolved .

The IND contains a trial protocol ; protocols for additional studies within the same clinical trials program are submitted as amendments to the IND .
the ind contains a trial protocol ; protocols for [more] studies within the same clinical trials program are submitted as amendments to the ind .

To take additional examples from psychiatry , NDA reviews have been posted on Drugs @ FDA for some approved drug–indication combinations , such as fluoxetine for pediatric depression , and aripiprazole and quetiapine for schizophrenia .
to take [more] examples from psychiatry , nda reviews have been posted on drugs @ fda for some approved drug–indication combinations , such as fluoxetine for pediatric depression , and aripiprazole and quetiapine for schizophrenia .

In many ways the EDCTP is a demonstration project : if some success can be achieved it is very likely that additional funds will follow .
in many ways the edctp is a demonstration project : if some success can be achieved it is very likely that [more] funds will follow .

This 18-year-old patient on glargine might benefit from additional doses of lispro given before lunch and dinner ( rather than at 8 p.m. , unless this is before dinner ) .
this 18-year-old patient on glargine might benefit from [more] doses of lispro given before lunch and dinner ( rather than at 8 p.m. , unless this is before dinner ) .

If additional fluids are required , for instance , to replace unexpected intraoperative blood losses , non-glucose-containing solutions should be administered .
if [more] fluids are required , for instance , to replace unexpected intraoperative blood losses , non-glucose-containing solutions should be administered .

As insulin resistance and gluconeogenesis increase during surgery-related stress and anesthesia , additional insulin will be needed to prevent excessive hepatic glucose release .
as insulin resistance and gluconeogenesis increase during surgery-related stress and anesthesia , [more] insulin will be needed to prevent excessive hepatic glucose release .

Difficult problems can be interpreted in two ways : those that , although hard to solve , have either been explained or will eventually be explained by modern evolutionary theories , and those problems that can not be fully resolved with our current understanding but leave room for learning about additional mechanisms or factors .
difficult problems can be interpreted in two ways : those that , although hard to solve , have either been explained or will eventually be explained by modern evolutionary theories , and those problems that can not be fully resolved with our current understanding but leave room for learning about [more] mechanisms or factors .

For instance , complex adaptation might be fully explained by mutations and natural selection , but additional unknown mechanisms might be essential for the evolution of the complex traits .
for instance , complex adaptation might be fully explained by mutations and natural selection , but [more] unknown mechanisms might be essential for the evolution of the complex traits .

Nevertheless , with the beneficial properties of O 2 comes the inadvertent formation of reactive oxygen species , including superoxide ( O − 2 ) , hydrogen peroxide ( H 2 O 2 ) , and hydroxyl radical ( •OH ) ; these differ from O 2 in having one , two , and three additional electrons , respectively ( Figure 1 ) .
nevertheless , with the beneficial properties of o 2 comes the inadvertent formation of reactive oxygen species , including superoxide ( o − 2 ) , hydrogen peroxide ( h 2 o 2 ) , and hydroxyl radical ( •oh ) ; these differ from o 2 in having one , two , and three [more] electrons , respectively ( figure 1 ) .

Perhaps Zn binding provides some additional control over the reactivity of the cysteine thiols , or perhaps the loss of the zinc facilitates conformational changes .
perhaps zn binding provides some [more] control over the reactivity of the cysteine thiols , or perhaps the loss of the zinc facilitates conformational changes .

As a consequence , there have been additional dividends from the United States Federal Drug Administration approval of imatinib for treatment of BCR-ABL-positive CML .
as a consequence , there have been [more] dividends from the united states federal drug administration approval of imatinib for treatment of bcr-abl-positive cml .

However , three additional patients with clinical resistance to gefitinib or erlotinib did not have the T790M mutation , nor did they have mutant KRAS alleles that have previously been shown by these same authors to confer resistance to these inhibitors [ 9 ] .
however , three [more] patients with clinical resistance to gefitinib or erlotinib did not have the t790m mutation , nor did they have mutant kras alleles that have previously been shown by these same authors to confer resistance to these inhibitors [ 9 ] .

We also simulated two additional cases with increased numbers and locations of HCFs ( 27 HCFs as suggested in South Africa 's official ARV rollout operational plan [ 17 ] ; and all 54 hospitals in KwaZulu–Natal ) .
we also simulated two [more] cases with increased numbers and locations of hcfs ( 27 hcfs as suggested in south africa 's official arv rollout operational plan [ 17 ] ; and all 54 hospitals in kwazulu–natal ) .

The vast majority of professionals expressed an interest in additional information and suggested education as a way to address discriminatory behaviors by their colleagues .
the vast majority of professionals expressed an interest in [more] information and suggested education as a way to address discriminatory behaviors by their colleagues .

Further analysis of the CSN will no doubt uncover additional mechanisms whereby ubiquitin-mediated protein degradation is controlled .
further analysis of the csn will no doubt uncover [more] mechanisms whereby ubiquitin-mediated protein degradation is controlled .

By defining a new family of putative metalloproteases that includes a proteasomal subunit , a CSN subunit , and additional proteins from all domains of life , the MPN + /JAMM motif garnered great attention .
by defining a new family of putative metalloproteases that includes a proteasomal subunit , a csn subunit , and [more] proteins from all domains of life , the mpn + /jamm motif garnered great attention .

This revelation adds an all-new enzymatic activity and , with it , an additional layer of regulation to the ubiquitin–proteasome system .
this revelation adds an all-new enzymatic activity and , with it , an [more] layer of regulation to the ubiquitin–proteasome system .

Patterns of colonization ( asymptomatic carriage ) and infection ( symptomatic carriage ) in human populations provide additional evidence that ARB occasionally move from animals to humans [ 13,14 ] .
patterns of colonization ( asymptomatic carriage ) and infection ( symptomatic carriage ) in human populations provide [more] evidence that arb occasionally move from animals to humans [ 13,14 ] .

An additional problem with focusing on mtDNA ( or any other molecular ) divergence as a primary criterion for recognizing species is that it will lead us to overlook new or rapidly diverged species , such as might arise through divergent selection or polyploidy , and thus to conclude that speciation requires long-term isolation .
an [more] problem with focusing on mtdna ( or any other molecular ) divergence as a primary criterion for recognizing species is that it will lead us to overlook new or rapidly diverged species , such as might arise through divergent selection or polyploidy , and thus to conclude that speciation requires long-term isolation .

Clinical and laboratory parameters ( CD4 count and viral load ) were monitored at each visit , and venous blood was collected for additional secondary outcomes during selected study visits .
clinical and laboratory parameters ( cd4 count and viral load ) were monitored at each visit , and venous blood was collected for [more] secondary outcomes during selected study visits .

Additional secondary outcomes included ( 1 ) safety outcomes ( serious adverse events [ SAEs ] and patient withdrawal based on criteria defined above ) , ( 2 ) retention of ART-mediated immune reconstitution , and ( 3 ) detection of viral resistance .
[more] secondary outcomes included ( 1 ) safety outcomes ( serious adverse events [ saes ] and patient withdrawal based on criteria defined above ) , ( 2 ) retention of art-mediated immune reconstitution , and ( 3 ) detection of viral resistance .

Following reinitiation of therapy after phase II , patients suppressed viral replication to less than 50 copies/ml by a median time of 10 ( 6–12 ) wk in both arms , excluding for two patients in the continuous therapy/single interruption arm who elected to stay off ART indefinitely and one patient from the repeated interruptions arm who reported nonadherence following regimen reinitiation yet reached 52 copies/ml before withdrawing from additional follow-up .
following reinitiation of therapy after phase ii , patients suppressed viral replication to less than 50 copies/ml by a median time of 10 ( 6–12 ) wk in both arms , excluding for two patients in the continuous therapy/single interruption arm who elected to stay off art indefinitely and one patient from the repeated interruptions arm who reported nonadherence following regimen reinitiation yet reached 52 copies/ml before withdrawing from [more] follow-up .

Additional secondary analysis of the magnitude of viral load as shown in Figure 3 ( second panel ) showed similar viral replication as determined by mean AUC HIV RNA analysis at week 12 ( single TI , median = 124,621 [ 23,326–262,348 ] AUC HIV RNA ; repeated TI , median = 100,400 [ 47,221–365,731 ] AUC HIV RNA ; p > 0.05 ) or week 20 ( single TI , median = 114,550 [ 31,829–362,628 ] AUC HIV RNA ; repeated TI , median = 153,097 [ 67,427–515,421 ] AUC HIV RNA ; p > 0.05 ) .
[more] secondary analysis of the magnitude of viral load as shown in figure 3 ( second panel ) showed similar viral replication as determined by mean auc hiv rna analysis at week 12 ( single ti , median = 124,621 [ 23,326–262,348 ] auc hiv rna ; repeated ti , median = 100,400 [ 47,221–365,731 ] auc hiv rna ; p > 0.05 ) or week 20 ( single ti , median = 114,550 [ 31,829–362,628 ] auc hiv rna ; repeated ti , median = 153,097 [ 67,427–515,421 ] auc hiv rna ; p > 0.05 ) .

While our data indicate that this TI strategy should not be pursued outside of a clinical trial setting , we argue that it will be important to collect additional data on the potential benefits of drug-sparing regimens ( such as reduced long-term toxicity and reduced cost ) and to define long-term outcomes in comparison with continuous therapy .
while our data indicate that this ti strategy should not be pursued outside of a clinical trial setting , we argue that it will be important to collect [more] data on the potential benefits of drug-sparing regimens ( such as reduced long-term toxicity and reduced cost ) and to define long-term outcomes in comparison with continuous therapy .

Since anaerobic microbial communities in subsurface hydrocarbon-rich sediments are limited by sulfate influx , any additional supply of sulfate enhances their production of sulfide .
since anaerobic microbial communities in subsurface hydrocarbon-rich sediments are limited by sulfate influx , any [more] supply of sulfate enhances their production of sulfide .

Additional efforts are needed to improve funding for clinical research , both for individuals at early stages of their careers and for multi-disciplinary clinical research and clinical trials .
[more] efforts are needed to improve funding for clinical research , both for individuals at early stages of their careers and for multi-disciplinary clinical research and clinical trials .

We feel it is important to emphasize a point that the report mentioned , that the reported isolation and properties of multipotent adult progenitor cells ( MAPCs ) must be reproduced in additional laboratories for any reliable interpretation of the results reported with these cells .
we feel it is important to emphasize a point that the report mentioned , that the reported isolation and properties of multipotent adult progenitor cells ( mapcs ) must be reproduced in [more] laboratories for any reliable interpretation of the results reported with these cells .

An additional concern to scientists is that of biomass resilience in the face of environmental changes .
an [more] concern to scientists is that of biomass resilience in the face of environmental changes .

The study does n't demonstrate what the additional components are , but additional research might not just teach us about our immune system but also provide clues for further vaccine development .
the study does n't demonstrate what the [more] components are , but [more] research might not just teach us about our immune system but also provide clues for further vaccine development .

However , if immune mechanisms were involved , protection should increase with age until children become functionally immune , when additional immunological advantage should be lost .
however , if immune mechanisms were involved , protection should increase with age until children become functionally immune , when [more] immunological advantage should be lost .

However , because they do not see increased therapy failure and find preservation of immune function in the STI group , the authors conclude that , in light of the possibility of reducing costs and drug-related toxicity , additional trials of STIs are warranted .
however , because they do not see increased therapy failure and find preservation of immune function in the sti group , the authors conclude that , in light of the possibility of reducing costs and drug-related toxicity , [more] trials of stis are warranted .

At least a dozen additional trials that examine STIs are currently recruiting patients and will help answer these questions .
at least a dozen [more] trials that examine stis are currently recruiting patients and will help answer these questions .

Thompson and Miller ( [ 3 ] , p. 964 ) provide four additional references that the enophthalmos “ is apparent rather than real . ”
thompson and miller ( [ 3 ] , p. 964 ) provide four [more] references that the enophthalmos “ is apparent rather than real . ”

If canalization breaks down due to genetic or environmental circumstances , then the stored genetic variation will be released , providing an additional substrate for natural selection .
if canalization breaks down due to genetic or environmental circumstances , then the stored genetic variation will be released , providing an [more] substrate for natural selection .

The list would be on a public Web site where these targets and the predicted functions could be examined and modified by alternative or additional predictions from other groups to guide future experimentation .
the list would be on a public web site where these targets and the predicted functions could be examined and modified by alternative or [more] predictions from other groups to guide future experimentation .

If the paper was accepted for publication , then an additional sum would be allocated as a supplement to the laboratory 's existing grant .
if the paper was accepted for publication , then an [more] sum would be allocated as a supplement to the laboratory 's existing grant .

A great deal of additional research remains to be done before we have a comprehensive understanding of how habitual physical activity promotes changes in gene expression in skeletal muscles , and in turn improves fitness and reduces risk for diabetes , hypertension , dyslipidemia , and coronary artery disease .
a great deal of [more] research remains to be done before we have a comprehensive understanding of how habitual physical activity promotes changes in gene expression in skeletal muscles , and in turn improves fitness and reduces risk for diabetes , hypertension , dyslipidemia , and coronary artery disease .

Other notable findings point to additional signaling proteins ( CAMK , p38MAPK , and AMPK ) and transcription factors ( PGC-1 , MEF2 , ATF2 , PPARs ) active in pathways that intersect with calcineurin–NFAT signaling [ 31,43,44,45,46,47,48 ] ( see Figure 2 ) .
other notable findings point to [more] signaling proteins ( camk , p38mapk , and ampk ) and transcription factors ( pgc-1 , mef2 , atf2 , ppars ) active in pathways that intersect with calcineurin–nfat signaling [ 31,43,44,45,46,47,48 ] ( see figure 2 ) .

Additional scenarios could include pessimistic assumptions about limited ART scale-up levels and timing , emergence of large-scale drug resistance resulting from low adherence , or other possible unintended outcomes of wider treatment .
[more] scenarios could include pessimistic assumptions about limited art scale-up levels and timing , emergence of large-scale drug resistance resulting from low adherence , or other possible unintended outcomes of wider treatment .

Presence of acute illness was indicated by a positive answer to the question : “ In the past few days have you had a cough , cold , or other acute illness ? ” Additional clinical factors were measured by a combination of participant self-report and clinical exam and were also dichotomized for analysis .
presence of acute illness was indicated by a positive answer to the question : “ in the past few days have you had a cough , cold , or other acute illness ? ” [more] clinical factors were measured by a combination of participant self-report and clinical exam and were also dichotomized for analysis .

The money used to fund UK libraries is all public money , and over 90 % of the funds paying for research in the UK university system is either government or charitable [ 4 ] —so in a sense the people who are paying for the research can not access its findings without paying an additional fee .
the money used to fund uk libraries is all public money , and over 90 % of the funds paying for research in the uk university system is either government or charitable [ 4 ] —so in a sense the people who are paying for the research can not access its findings without paying an [more] fee .

We also believe the islet transplant risk-benefit ratio is favorable for those with both T1DM and kidney failure who are listed for a life-preserving kidney transplant ; such patients will have to take immunosuppressive agents after transplant to preserve the kidney allograft function , so the islets can be added without too much additional risk .
we also believe the islet transplant risk-benefit ratio is favorable for those with both t1dm and kidney failure who are listed for a life-preserving kidney transplant ; such patients will have to take immunosuppressive agents after transplant to preserve the kidney allograft function , so the islets can be added without too much [more] risk .

Additional information-extraction methods have been proposed , for example , for the documentation of mutations in specific genes and for the extraction of the subcellular location of proteins [ 11,13 ] .
[more] information-extraction methods have been proposed , for example , for the documentation of mutations in specific genes and for the extraction of the subcellular location of proteins [ 11,13 ] .

Author , publisher , reviewer , and reader profit from consistent information representation , which leads to better dissemination of documents and journals and easily offsets the additional cost in the generation of an article .
author , publisher , reviewer , and reader profit from consistent information representation , which leads to better dissemination of documents and journals and easily offsets the [more] cost in the generation of an article .

When a document is open access , however , a wide range of additional uses are perpetually and irrevocably allowed— from the reproduction and distribution of the paper by a professor for his or her students to the archiving of the paper in a searchable online repository available to anyone in the world with an Internet connection , and more .
when a document is open access , however , a wide range of [more] uses are perpetually and irrevocably allowed— from the reproduction and distribution of the paper by a professor for his or her students to the archiving of the paper in a searchable online repository available to anyone in the world with an internet connection , and more .

Effect of Treatment Interruptions on CD4+ T Cell Counts Although viral load is a strong predictor of disease progression , CD4+ T cell loss is an additional , independent predictor [ 21 ] .
effect of treatment interruptions on cd4+ t cell counts although viral load is a strong predictor of disease progression , cd4+ t cell loss is an [more] , independent predictor [ 21 ] .

Full evaluation of the relationship between immune escape and viral breakthrough will require extensive additional analyses , including detailed analysis of responses to autologous virus [ 50,51 ] .
full evaluation of the relationship between immune escape and viral breakthrough will require extensive [more] analyses , including detailed analysis of responses to autologous virus [ 50,51 ] .

Indeed , the ability to enhance CD4+ T helper cell responses in the chronic phase of infection has been demonstrated [ 59 ] , but whether this will enhance CD8+ T cell function requires additional studies .
indeed , the ability to enhance cd4+ t helper cell responses in the chronic phase of infection has been demonstrated [ 59 ] , but whether this will enhance cd8+ t cell function requires [more] studies .

These additional therapeutic interventions deserve further investigation in future STI studies .
these [more] therapeutic interventions deserve further investigation in future sti studies .

However , their resonance interpretation has been dismissed because of a methodological flaw in the second experiment : the spectral signatures of the two series are not the same and provide additional cues .
however , their resonance interpretation has been dismissed because of a methodological flaw in the second experiment : the spectral signatures of the two series are not the same and provide [more] cues .

In fact , there are additional structural properties of the polypeptides that provide the self-propagation ( see below ) .
in fact , there are [more] structural properties of the polypeptides that provide the self-propagation ( see below ) .

IFN-γ , IP-10 , and MIG Not IL-4 Are Expressed by Lung Lymphocytes We sought additional functional data to confirm the apparent Th1 bias of peripheral lung inflammatory cells isolated from ex-smoker individuals .
ifn-γ , ip-10 , and mig not il-4 are expressed by lung lymphocytes we sought [more] functional data to confirm the apparent th1 bias of peripheral lung inflammatory cells isolated from ex-smoker individuals .

In addition to defining the predominant immune phenotype of emphysematous lung , these additional findings implicate the principal cell ( macrophage ) , MMP ( MMP12 ) , and effector cytokines ( IFN-γ , IP-10 , and MIG ) as likely underlying smoking-induced lung destruction .
in addition to defining the predominant immune phenotype of emphysematous lung , these [more] findings implicate the principal cell ( macrophage ) , mmp ( mmp12 ) , and effector cytokines ( ifn-γ , ip-10 , and mig ) as likely underlying smoking-induced lung destruction .

Israel Findings To assess whether the limitations of the United States antibody described above—i.e. , the availability of only one cutoff point for antibody concentrations—might be providing an incomplete picture of the distribution of antibody levels by age , we examined an additional dataset from Israeli toddlers .
israel findings to assess whether the limitations of the united states antibody described above—i.e. , the availability of only one cutoff point for antibody concentrations—might be providing an incomplete picture of the distribution of antibody levels by age , we examined an [more] dataset from israeli toddlers .

We hypothesized that additional modifications could be made to provide accurate , low-cost CD4 counts to monitor HIV infection in resource-constrained settings .
we hypothesized that [more] modifications could be made to provide accurate , low-cost cd4 counts to monitor hiv infection in resource-constrained settings .

This mechanical separation of autofluorescent red blood cells allows for the imaging and counting of white blood cells from unprocessed whole blood without additional sample processing , such as centrifugation or red blood cell lysis .
this mechanical separation of autofluorescent red blood cells allows for the imaging and counting of white blood cells from unprocessed whole blood without [more] sample processing , such as centrifugation or red blood cell lysis .

We have conducted preliminary studies that suggest that we can accurately measure CD4 counts from less than 5 Î¼l of blood obtained via fingerstick ( data not shown ) ; additional studies will be required to assess the correlation between CD4 counts obtained by fingerstick and by venipuncture .
we have conducted preliminary studies that suggest that we can accurately measure cd4 counts from less than 5 î¼l of blood obtained via fingerstick ( data not shown ) ; [more] studies will be required to assess the correlation between cd4 counts obtained by fingerstick and by venipuncture .

While the methods we described provide the basis for a highly portable and flexible miniaturized CD4 counting system , it should be emphasized that a number of additional developments are required to enable the widespread use of this approach in resource-limited settings .
while the methods we described provide the basis for a highly portable and flexible miniaturized cd4 counting system , it should be emphasized that a number of [more] developments are required to enable the widespread use of this approach in resource-limited settings .

With additional engineering of optics , electronics , and mechanical components along with advancements in integrated microfluidic systems , it should be possible to develop a point-of-care instrument that is battery-powered , uses simple light emitting diodes ( LEDs ) , and secures analyzable digital images with affordable video imaging chips .
with [more] engineering of optics , electronics , and mechanical components along with advancements in integrated microfluidic systems , it should be possible to develop a point-of-care instrument that is battery-powered , uses simple light emitting diodes ( leds ) , and secures analyzable digital images with affordable video imaging chips .

In her Stanford lab , she continues her fundamental research to define the complete genetic circuitry of Caulobacter , hoping to identify additional nodes in the circuit .
in her stanford lab , she continues her fundamental research to define the complete genetic circuitry of caulobacter , hoping to identify [more] nodes in the circuit .

His additional investigations are as follows : fasting glucose , 215 mg/dl ; hemoglobin A1c ( HbA 1c ) , 8.6 % ; and urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio , 2.0 mg/mmol ( normal is < 2.5 mg/mmol in men and < 3.5 mg/mmol in women ) .
his [more] investigations are as follows : fasting glucose , 215 mg/dl ; hemoglobin a1c ( hba 1c ) , 8.6 % ; and urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio , 2.0 mg/mmol ( normal is < 2.5 mg/mmol in men and < 3.5 mg/mmol in women ) .

He returns in three months for follow-up and has an HbA1c of 7.3 % , at which time no additional therapy is started .
he returns in three months for follow-up and has an hba1c of 7.3 % , at which time no [more] therapy is started .

What additional diagnostic tests would be helpful at this time , and why ?
what [more] diagnostic tests would be helpful at this time , and why ?

What additional pharmacotherapy should be started at this time ?
what [more] pharmacotherapy should be started at this time ?

He continues to have suboptimal glycemic control ; therefore , additional therapy in the form of combinations is appropriate .
he continues to have suboptimal glycemic control ; therefore , [more] therapy in the form of combinations is appropriate .

An ACE-I at this time is appropriate for BP control and has the additional preventative effects of reducing progression to nephropathy and CVD events [ 10,11 ] .
an ace-i at this time is appropriate for bp control and has the [more] preventative effects of reducing progression to nephropathy and cvd events [ 10,11 ] .

The patient could begin a third oral agent after maximizing the doses of metformin and TZD , or he could begin insulin injections with or without additional oral agents .
the patient could begin a third oral agent after maximizing the doses of metformin and tzd , or he could begin insulin injections with or without [more] oral agents .

However , he should be advised of the side effect of additional weight gain when beginning insulin therapy .
however , he should be advised of the side effect of [more] weight gain when beginning insulin therapy .

A recent survey by the Joint Information Systems Committee ( JISC ) in the United Kingdom suggests that many authors would use such an option if it were more widely available : 48 % of authors who had never published in an open-access journal and 60 % of authors who had done so indicated that they would be willing to “ pay a publisher of a journal sold according to the traditional subscription model an additional fee for them to make [ the author 's ] particular paper ‘ open access ’ ” ( JISC 2004 ) .
a recent survey by the joint information systems committee ( jisc ) in the united kingdom suggests that many authors would use such an option if it were more widely available : 48 % of authors who had never published in an open-access journal and 60 % of authors who had done so indicated that they would be willing to “ pay a publisher of a journal sold according to the traditional subscription model an [more] fee for them to make [ the author 's ] particular paper ‘ open access ’ ” ( jisc 2004 ) .

Cell–cell conjugates were disrupted by washing the cells with PBS supplemented with 0.02 % azide and 0.5 mM EDTA , and mixed vigorously , then stained with additional Abs .
cell–cell conjugates were disrupted by washing the cells with pbs supplemented with 0.02 % azide and 0.5 mm edta , and mixed vigorously , then stained with [more] abs .

To substantiate the generality of these findings , we analyzed four additional patients with vaccine-elicited responses .
to substantiate the generality of these findings , we analyzed four [more] patients with vaccine-elicited responses .

Similar to the first four vaccine-elicited patients , these four additional patients ( six TAA-specific responses in total ) exhibited variable reactivity to melanoma targets , ranging from 13 % to 49.6 % ( Table 1 ) .
similar to the first four vaccine-elicited patients , these four [more] patients ( six taa-specific responses in total ) exhibited variable reactivity to melanoma targets , ranging from 13 % to 49.6 % ( table 1 ) .

Damak is not alone , however , in thinking there may be more than one umami receptor ( and additional sweet receptors ) .
damak is not alone , however , in thinking there may be more than one umami receptor ( and [more] sweet receptors ) .

Twins afford an important opportunity to examine the additional impact of adult experiences on adult health in a population matched on early life experiences .
twins afford an important opportunity to examine the [more] impact of adult experiences on adult health in a population matched on early life experiences .

Together , these results , combined with our prior research showing that the twins who experienced cumulative deprivation had the worst health [ 26 ] , lend additional support to the hypothesis that cumulative experiences across the lifecourse , including those after adolescence and after completion of educational attainment , and not just early life experiences , shape adult health [ 8,9 ] .
together , these results , combined with our prior research showing that the twins who experienced cumulative deprivation had the worst health [ 26 ] , lend [more] support to the hypothesis that cumulative experiences across the lifecourse , including those after adolescence and after completion of educational attainment , and not just early life experiences , shape adult health [ 8,9 ] .

Given the longstanding fascination with twins [ 1â€ “ 3,6 ] , if additional and larger twin studies of economically diverse women and men twins confirmed the relevance of cumulative and intergenerational lifetime socioeconomic resources for health , and were also able to include a wider array of socioeconomic measures ( e.g. , income , wealth , debt , and mother 's education ) and data on gestational age and birth weight , the evidence would likely have high policy salience , plus importantly enhance understanding of how embodiment of societal conditions shapes population patterns of health , disease , and well-being [ 15,23,54 ] .
given the longstanding fascination with twins [ 1â€ “ 3,6 ] , if [more] and larger twin studies of economically diverse women and men twins confirmed the relevance of cumulative and intergenerational lifetime socioeconomic resources for health , and were also able to include a wider array of socioeconomic measures ( e.g. , income , wealth , debt , and mother 's education ) and data on gestational age and birth weight , the evidence would likely have high policy salience , plus importantly enhance understanding of how embodiment of societal conditions shapes population patterns of health , disease , and well-being [ 15,23,54 ] .

An additional facet of the lack of supervision is that this adaptation is taken as not depending on any particular behavioural task .
an [more] facet of the lack of supervision is that this adaptation is taken as not depending on any particular behavioural task .

The calculation showed that banishing dogs from bedroom areas would substantially reduce the intensity of infection in the absence of spraying , though spraying would contribute to additional reductions in the intensity of infection .
the calculation showed that banishing dogs from bedroom areas would substantially reduce the intensity of infection in the absence of spraying , though spraying would contribute to [more] reductions in the intensity of infection .

Nevertheless , we accepted this paper because we and our advisers felt that the research was at a stage where clinical questions , such as patient safety and design of early human trials , should inform any additional studies in animals .
nevertheless , we accepted this paper because we and our advisers felt that the research was at a stage where clinical questions , such as patient safety and design of early human trials , should inform any [more] studies in animals .

Ebrahim cites two studies to support his argument that measuring carotid IMT offers no additional predictive power over conventional screening tools [ 18,19 ] , but the first of these has serious flaws ( such as a significant dropout rate that the authors assumed was random , a short follow-up period , and the inclusion only of people of an advanced age ) [ 18 ] , and the other concluded that carotid IMT measurement “ substantially improved prediction of future coronary heart disease ” [ 19 ] .
ebrahim cites two studies to support his argument that measuring carotid imt offers no [more] predictive power over conventional screening tools [ 18,19 ] , but the first of these has serious flaws ( such as a significant dropout rate that the authors assumed was random , a short follow-up period , and the inclusion only of people of an advanced age ) [ 18 ] , and the other concluded that carotid imt measurement “ substantially improved prediction of future coronary heart disease ” [ 19 ] .

There have been sporadic reports of phenotypes initially attributed to deficiency in the expression of a given gene that disappeared with additional backcrosses to B6 .
there have been sporadic reports of phenotypes initially attributed to deficiency in the expression of a given gene that disappeared with [more] backcrosses to b6 .

Thus , treatment was based on extensive “ plastic ” surgery , often leading to mutilations and additional disabilities .
thus , treatment was based on extensive “ plastic ” surgery , often leading to mutilations and [more] disabilities .

Then , students read four additional papers , one of which is composed of weak data and overinterpreted analysis .
then , students read four [more] papers , one of which is composed of weak data and overinterpreted analysis .

Additional cell culture studies supported the notion that the secondary mutation causes resistance to gefitinib or erlotinib .
[more] cell culture studies supported the notion that the secondary mutation causes resistance to gefitinib or erlotinib .

Unlike simpler oncoviruses that rely exclusively on host cell machinery , lentiviruses code for additional accessory and regulatory proteins that act as molecular switches at different stages of viral entry and exit from the infected cell .
unlike simpler oncoviruses that rely exclusively on host cell machinery , lentiviruses code for [more] accessory and regulatory proteins that act as molecular switches at different stages of viral entry and exit from the infected cell .

Although Tat was the first activator known that could recruit P-TEFb to initiating RNAPII , additional members of this group were soon identified .
although tat was the first activator known that could recruit p-tefb to initiating rnapii , [more] members of this group were soon identified .

One additional safeguard that deserves further debate is whether prevalent environmental chemicals to which children could be exposed should undergo more extensive testing in human trials before they are marketed .
one [more] safeguard that deserves further debate is whether prevalent environmental chemicals to which children could be exposed should undergo more extensive testing in human trials before they are marketed .

Studies show that these greater expenditures result in no additional benefit—and sometimes even in worse outcomes [ 8,13 ] .
studies show that these greater expenditures result in no [more] benefit—and sometimes even in worse outcomes [ 8,13 ] .

As a complementary strategy , the Human Hookworm Vaccine Initiative ( HHVI ) is developing a safe , efficacious , and cost-effective vaccine , the Na -ASP-2 Hookworm Vaccine , that would provide an additional tool for the control of hookworm [ 29,30 ] .
as a complementary strategy , the human hookworm vaccine initiative ( hhvi ) is developing a safe , efficacious , and cost-effective vaccine , the na -asp-2 hookworm vaccine , that would provide an [more] tool for the control of hookworm [ 29,30 ] .

Each of these genes has received support from multiple lines of evidence with imperfect consistency : 1 ) The case for each of these as a candidate gene for schizophrenia is supported by linkage studies ; 2 ) The preponderance of association study findings provides further support ; 3 ) mRNA from each gene is expressed in the prefrontal cortex as well as in other areas of the brain ; and 4 ) Additional neurobiological data link the functions of these genes to biological processes thought to be related to schizophrenia .
each of these genes has received support from multiple lines of evidence with imperfect consistency : 1 ) the case for each of these as a candidate gene for schizophrenia is supported by linkage studies ; 2 ) the preponderance of association study findings provides further support ; 3 ) mrna from each gene is expressed in the prefrontal cortex as well as in other areas of the brain ; and 4 ) [more] neurobiological data link the functions of these genes to biological processes thought to be related to schizophrenia .

To determine whether lung cancers that acquire clinical resistance to either gefitinib or erlotinib display additional mutations in the EGFR kinase domain , we have examined the status of EGFR exons 18 to 24 in tumors from five patients who initially responded but subsequently progressed while on these drugs .
to determine whether lung cancers that acquire clinical resistance to either gefitinib or erlotinib display [more] mutations in the egfr kinase domain , we have examined the status of egfr exons 18 to 24 in tumors from five patients who initially responded but subsequently progressed while on these drugs .

All mutant clones were fully re-sequenced bidirectionally to ensure that no additional mutations were introduced .
all mutant clones were fully re-sequenced bidirectionally to ensure that no [more] mutations were introduced .

A Secondary Missense Mutation in the EGFR Kinase Domain Detected in Lesions That Progressed while on Treatment with Either Gefitinib or Erlotinib To determine whether additional mutations in the EGFR kinase domain were associated with progression of disease in these patients , we performed direct sequencing of all of the exons ( 18 through 24 ) encoding the EGFR catalytic region in the available tumor specimens .
a secondary missense mutation in the egfr kinase domain detected in lesions that progressed while on treatment with either gefitinib or erlotinib to determine whether [more] mutations in the egfr kinase domain were associated with progression of disease in these patients , we performed direct sequencing of all of the exons ( 18 through 24 ) encoding the egfr catalytic region in the available tumor specimens .

However , careful analysis of the exon 20 sequence chromatograms in both forward and reverse directions from this patient 's lung biopsy specimen obtained after disease progression on gefitinib demonstrated an additional small peak at nucleotide 2369 , suggesting a C→T mutation ( Figure 2A , upper panels ; Table 1 ) .
however , careful analysis of the exon 20 sequence chromatograms in both forward and reverse directions from this patient 's lung biopsy specimen obtained after disease progression on gefitinib demonstrated an [more] small peak at nucleotide 2369 , suggesting a c→t mutation ( figure 2a , upper panels ; table 1 ) .

In patient 2 , the tumor-rich sample obtained prior to treatment with erlotinib did not contain any additional mutations in the exons encoding the EGFR tyrosine kinase domain ( Figure 2B , upper panels ; Table 1 ) .
in patient 2 , the tumor-rich sample obtained prior to treatment with erlotinib did not contain any [more] mutations in the exons encoding the egfr tyrosine kinase domain ( figure 2b , upper panels ; table 1 ) .

By contrast , her progressing bone and lung lesions contained an additional small peak at nucleotide 2369 , suggesting the existence of a subclone of tumor cells with the same C→T mutation observed in patient 1 ( Figure 2B , middle and lower panels ; Table 1 ) .
by contrast , her progressing bone and lung lesions contained an [more] small peak at nucleotide 2369 , suggesting the existence of a subclone of tumor cells with the same c→t mutation observed in patient 1 ( figure 2b , middle and lower panels ; table 1 ) .

In three additional patients ( case histories not described here ) with lung adenocarcinomas who improved but subsequently progressed on therapy with either gefitinib or erlotinib , we examined DNA from tumor specimens obtained during disease progression .
in three [more] patients ( case histories not described here ) with lung adenocarcinomas who improved but subsequently progressed on therapy with either gefitinib or erlotinib , we examined dna from tumor specimens obtained during disease progression .

However , we did not find any additional mutations in exons 18 to 24 of EGFR , including the C→T change at position 2369 ( data not shown ) .
however , we did not find any [more] mutations in exons 18 to 24 of egfr , including the c→t change at position 2369 ( data not shown ) .

To evaluate the possibility that secondary KRAS mutations confer acquired resistance to these drugs , we performed mutational profiling of KRAS2 exon 2 from tumor specimens from patients 1 to 3 , as well as the three additional patients lacking evidence of the T790M mutation .
to evaluate the possibility that secondary kras mutations confer acquired resistance to these drugs , we performed mutational profiling of kras2 exon 2 from tumor specimens from patients 1 to 3 , as well as the three [more] patients lacking evidence of the t790m mutation .

No other cell lines analyzed contained additional mutations in the exons encoding the EGFR tyrosine kinase domain .
no other cell lines analyzed contained [more] mutations in the exons encoding the egfr tyrosine kinase domain .

We were also unable to detect the T790M mutation in any specimens from the three additional patients with acquired resistance that failed to demonstrate secondary mutations in EGFR exons 18 to 24 by direct sequencing ( data not shown ) .
we were also unable to detect the t790m mutation in any specimens from the three [more] patients with acquired resistance that failed to demonstrate secondary mutations in egfr exons 18 to 24 by direct sequencing ( data not shown ) .

We show here , through molecular analysis of tumor material from three patients and one NSCLC cell line , as well as additional biochemical studies , that acquired clinical drug resistance to gefitinib or erlotinib is indeed associated with the T790M mutation .
we show here , through molecular analysis of tumor material from three patients and one nsclc cell line , as well as [more] biochemical studies , that acquired clinical drug resistance to gefitinib or erlotinib is indeed associated with the t790m mutation .

Since tumor specimens from three additional patients with acquired resistance to EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors did not demonstrate the T790M mutation , this specific lesion does not account for all mechanisms of acquired resistance to gefitinib or erlotinib .
since tumor specimens from three [more] patients with acquired resistance to egfr tyrosine kinase inhibitors did not demonstrate the t790m mutation , this specific lesion does not account for all mechanisms of acquired resistance to gefitinib or erlotinib .

A study by Emmanuel Mignot and colleagues suggests that it 's not just the additional snacking opportunities that make short sleepers more likely to be overweight .
a study by emmanuel mignot and colleagues suggests that it 's not just the [more] snacking opportunities that make short sleepers more likely to be overweight .

This year , the direct funding of science constitutes only 1.78 % of Russia 's national budget ( an additional 0.46 % is allocated to the space program ) , although the law stipulates that this figure should be at least 4 % .
this year , the direct funding of science constitutes only 1.78 % of russia 's national budget ( an [more] 0.46 % is allocated to the space program ) , although the law stipulates that this figure should be at least 4 % .

Although its grants are rather small ( at most , several thousand dollars per year for a maximum of three years ) , they provide important additional support for many small and mediumsized groups that may receive several such grants for different projects .
although its grants are rather small ( at most , several thousand dollars per year for a maximum of three years ) , they provide important [more] support for many small and mediumsized groups that may receive several such grants for different projects .

They used as a stock a transgenic tobacco carrying an additional copy of the endogenous nitrate reductase gene , Nia .
they used as a stock a transgenic tobacco carrying an [more] copy of the endogenous nitrate reductase gene , nia .

Some of the transgenic lines generated always showed higher levels of Nia transcripts than the wild type—as expected from the presence of an additional gene—and were termed class I lines .
some of the transgenic lines generated always showed higher levels of nia transcripts than the wild type—as expected from the presence of an [more] gene—and were termed class i lines .

Researchers there introduced additional chitinase genes using bolistics , in sense or antisense orientation under the control of a strong promoter ( 35S ) into chitinase transformant lines of tobacco that never exhibited spontaneous gene silencing ( Crete et al .
researchers there introduced [more] chitinase genes using bolistics , in sense or antisense orientation under the control of a strong promoter ( 35s ) into chitinase transformant lines of tobacco that never exhibited spontaneous gene silencing ( crete et al .

Epidemiology : Identifying the Culprit An additional benefit of the abundance of genetic information is that species identification is becoming increasingly sophisticated .
epidemiology : identifying the culprit an [more] benefit of the abundance of genetic information is that species identification is becoming increasingly sophisticated .

The research published in Science is additional evidence of our commitment to seeking new discoveries that will benefit many people .
the research published in science is [more] evidence of our commitment to seeking new discoveries that will benefit many people .

If you would like additional information about the IU School of Medicine campaign or Dr. Field 's research , please call 274-3270 .
if you would like [more] information about the iu school of medicine campaign or dr. field 's research , please call 274-3270 .

Alumni reside in 48 states and 5 foreign countries COSTS , FINANCIAL AID , AND SCHOLARSHIPS 1993-94 in-state tuition : $ 143.65 per credit hour 1993-94 out-of-state tuition : $ 373.80 per credit hour 1993-94 tuition supplies 49 % of the school 's total operating budget Forty-four percent of students receive loans and/or grants Thirty-one privately-funded scholarships totaling $ 82.000 awarded to students annually Additional monetary awards provided through the IU Law Alumni Association .
alumni reside in 48 states and 5 foreign countries costs , financial aid , and scholarships 1993-94 in-state tuition : $ 143.65 per credit hour 1993-94 out-of-state tuition : $ 373.80 per credit hour 1993-94 tuition supplies 49 % of the school 's total operating budget forty-four percent of students receive loans and/or grants thirty-one privately-funded scholarships totaling $ 82.000 awarded to students annually [more] monetary awards provided through the iu law alumni association .

You were called and requested additional information prior to making a pledge or gift to the law school .
you were called and requested [more] information prior to making a pledge or gift to the law school .

Our staff would enjoy sharing additional information about our work and answering any questions you may have .
our staff would enjoy sharing [more] information about our work and answering any questions you may have .

Here 's the results so far : # mailed : 5,615 targeted to our non-donor alumni # responses : 81 1.4 % # raised : $ 2,840 smallest gift : $ 5.00 largest gift : $ 250.00 Summary : While we did n't generate as much gift income as you did , we were extremely pleased with the results , the overall favorable response to the nature of this ask , and the additional notes and comments received from these non-donors .
here 's the results so far : # mailed : 5,615 targeted to our non-donor alumni # responses : 81 1.4 % # raised : $ 2,840 smallest gift : $ 5.00 largest gift : $ 250.00 summary : while we did n't generate as much gift income as you did , we were extremely pleased with the results , the overall favorable response to the nature of this ask , and the [more] notes and comments received from these non-donors .

If you need additional information , please feel free to contact me at ( 808 ) 543-2213 , or e-mail me at : deborahm @ auw.org .
if you need [more] information , please feel free to contact me at ( 808 ) 543-2213 , or e-mail me at : deborahm @ auw.org .

At our law school , 1989 applications for admission increased by 35 % over the previous year ; in 1990 applications for admission increased an additional 20 % !
at our law school , 1989 applications for admission increased by 35 % over the previous year ; in 1990 applications for admission increased an [more] 20 % !

I can not emphasize enough how vital your support is , not only in providing scholarships , but also in meeting a wide variety of needs ranging from purchasing additional computer terminals to travel for our moot court team .
i can not emphasize enough how vital your support is , not only in providing scholarships , but also in meeting a wide variety of needs ranging from purchasing [more] computer terminals to travel for our moot court team .

I also encourage you to seek additional support through your company , church , or service organization .
i also encourage you to seek [more] support through your company , church , or service organization .

Enclosed are additional materials to illustrate the commitment of Peace Education Program to `` giving youth more than a fighting chance . ''
enclosed are [more] materials to illustrate the commitment of peace education program to `` giving youth more than a fighting chance . ''

If you have questions or need additional assistance , please reach Arletta Newton , donor relations coordinator , at 317.923.1331 , ext .
if you have questions or need [more] assistance , please reach arletta newton , donor relations coordinator , at 317.923.1331 , ext .

Even though we receive operating funds from the state , there are a myriad of additional expenses to be met , such as welding equipment for sculpture , pottery wheels for ceramics , and computers for graphics .
even though we receive operating funds from the state , there are a myriad of [more] expenses to be met , such as welding equipment for sculpture , pottery wheels for ceramics , and computers for graphics .

Your additional gift today will enable us to provide food and clothing for physical needs ... emergency assistance during times of crisis ... spiritual guidance and encouragement ... and much more .
your [more] gift today will enable us to provide food and clothing for physical needs ... emergency assistance during times of crisis ... spiritual guidance and encouragement ... and much more .

With the additional year of training our financial obligation has increased by a third .
with the [more] year of training our financial obligation has increased by a third .

To help us take advantage of this generous offer , I 'd like to ask you to consider an additional contribution to the Dr. Timothy J. O'Leary Periodontal Endowment Fund .
to help us take advantage of this generous offer , i 'd like to ask you to consider an [more] contribution to the dr. timothy j. o'leary periodontal endowment fund .

The law school 's needs range from purchasing additional computer terminals to paying travel costs of our moot court teams and from refurbishing the Gray Lounge to purchasing necessary reference materials for the library .
the law school 's needs range from purchasing [more] computer terminals to paying travel costs of our moot court teams and from refurbishing the gray lounge to purchasing necessary reference materials for the library .

Unfortunately these improvements are costly , so additional funds are necessary .
unfortunately these improvements are costly , so [more] funds are necessary .

In June the mayor sponsored a resolution seeking $ 70,000 per year to fund our contract for one year with a provision to seek an additional $ 10,000 from the contingency budget in January 2001 .
in june the mayor sponsored a resolution seeking $ 70,000 per year to fund our contract for one year with a provision to seek an [more] $ 10,000 from the contingency budget in january 2001 .

If the additional $ 10,000 is not approved by the Board of Aldermen in January our Board of Trustees will be forced to cut services .
if the [more] $ 10,000 is not approved by the board of aldermen in january our board of trustees will be forced to cut services .

Your gift at this time may provide you with additional year-end tax benefits .
your gift at this time may provide you with [more] year-end tax benefits .

All proceeds of this project will be used to pay for the benches and additional upgrades for the student lounge .
all proceeds of this project will be used to pay for the benches and [more] upgrades for the student lounge .

Your continued support of the law school is vital , not only in providing scholarships , but also in meeting a variety of needs ranging from purchasing additional computer terminals to travel for our moot court team .
your continued support of the law school is vital , not only in providing scholarships , but also in meeting a variety of needs ranging from purchasing [more] computer terminals to travel for our moot court team .

Partnership with Latvia YMCA - A delegation of three staff members and one volunteer from the YMCA of Greater Indianapolis traveled to Latvia in late April to provide additional training to their staff and volunteers in baseball skills and camp management .
partnership with latvia ymca - a delegation of three staff members and one volunteer from the ymca of greater indianapolis traveled to latvia in late april to provide [more] training to their staff and volunteers in baseball skills and camp management .

If you have any questions on anything enclosed in this packet , or need any additional information , please feel free to contact me or Kim Luppino , the Corporate Relations Manager , at ( 317 ) 630-2018 .
if you have any questions on anything enclosed in this packet , or need any [more] information , please feel free to contact me or kim luppino , the corporate relations manager , at ( 317 ) 630-2018 .

If you have questions or need additional assistance , please reach Arletta Newton , donor relations coordinator , at 317.283.1331 , ext .
if you have questions or need [more] assistance , please reach arletta newton , donor relations coordinator , at 317.283.1331 , ext .

I will be happy to supply any additional information you may need and thank you for your consideration of our request .
i will be happy to supply any [more] information you may need and thank you for your consideration of our request .

Despite good financial support from Indiana University we still need additional assistance from friends like yourself if the school is to continue to progress and prosper .
despite good financial support from indiana university we still need [more] assistance from friends like yourself if the school is to continue to progress and prosper .

Feel free to call me at any time for additional information about Herron .
feel free to call me at any time for [more] information about herron .

In 1997 The United Way of Central Indiana generously assisted us with 25 % of our budgetary needs ; government and other foundation grants made up an additional 23 % ; and program fees and contribution from people like you provided the other 52 % .
in 1997 the united way of central indiana generously assisted us with 25 % of our budgetary needs ; government and other foundation grants made up an [more] 23 % ; and program fees and contribution from people like you provided the other 52 % .

In additional materials I am sending you will find traditional background information on the Museum and news ( in the Previews magazines ) of our latest developments , scheduled programs , and special exhibitions .
in [more] materials i am sending you will find traditional background information on the museum and news ( in the previews magazines ) of our latest developments , scheduled programs , and special exhibitions .

The Journal notes that under Viacom 's proposed buyout of CBS , this sort of issue will take on even more importance , because the resulting new company would own additional cable music channels .
the journal notes that under viacom 's proposed buyout of cbs , this sort of issue will take on even more importance , because the resulting new company would own [more] cable music channels .

The fact is , of course , that the moment the John Coffey character and his story are established , we know without any question or additional exposition that he did not assault and murder the two little white girls , because no Hollywood movie of this sort would ever present an African-American character in such a light .
the fact is , of course , that the moment the john coffey character and his story are established , we know without any question or [more] exposition that he did not assault and murder the two little white girls , because no hollywood movie of this sort would ever present an african-american character in such a light .

However , thanks to the Internet , I have been indulging my Times addiction for several years now without any additional cost or trash ( it makes me wonder how many other people are doing the same , and just how much money the Times has lost as a result ) .
however , thanks to the internet , i have been indulging my times addiction for several years now without any [more] cost or trash ( it makes me wonder how many other people are doing the same , and just how much money the times has lost as a result ) .

Since the Much More came , and several additional , large , indigestible helpings on top of it ( and still the president did n't fall !
since the much more came , and several [more] , large , indigestible helpings on top of it ( and still the president did n't fall !

The Washington Post leads with word from GOP sources that a single charge of perjury against President Clinton might win a House floor vote , but additional charges such as obstruction of justice would not .
the washington post leads with word from gop sources that a single charge of perjury against president clinton might win a house floor vote , but [more] charges such as obstruction of justice would not .

Approval for the payment is mired in the House , where Republicans are staunchly opposed to additional IMF funding .
approval for the payment is mired in the house , where republicans are staunchly opposed to [more] imf funding .

The Los Angeles Times leads with the bill passed Thursday by the House that would grant temporary visas to up to 142,500 additional foreign workers with high-tech skills .
the los angeles times leads with the bill passed thursday by the house that would grant temporary visas to up to 142,500 [more] foreign workers with high-tech skills .

Although the stated goal is anti-proliferation of mass-destruction weapons and enhancing regional stability , both the WP and WSJ report an additional one : giving Iraqis a motive and an opportunity to overthrow Saddam .
although the stated goal is anti-proliferation of mass-destruction weapons and enhancing regional stability , both the wp and wsj report an [more] one : giving iraqis a motive and an opportunity to overthrow saddam .

It remains unclear whether an additional censure measure will be put before the full House .
it remains unclear whether an [more] censure measure will be put before the full house .

The USA Today front carries word that Tuesday the Supreme Court ruled unanimously that , absent indications of additional criminal activity , police can not automatically search a car after making a routine traffic stop .
the usa today front carries word that tuesday the supreme court ruled unanimously that , absent indications of [more] criminal activity , police can not automatically search a car after making a routine traffic stop .

According to the paper , bones of contention include : additional funding for the IMF , whether or not to authorize population sampling for the 2000 Census , and emergency farm aid .
according to the paper , bones of contention include : [more] funding for the imf , whether or not to authorize population sampling for the 2000 census , and emergency farm aid .

Two additional letters from Iraq convinced Clinton to stow the missiles and give the inspections another chance .
two [more] letters from iraq convinced clinton to stow the missiles and give the inspections another chance .

For instance , the Journal ponies up a Seattle GM dealer who has made ten additional sales this year with the help of his automaker 's Web sites , but who also worries that GM might someday just take buyers ' orders directly and get rid of him .
for instance , the journal ponies up a seattle gm dealer who has made ten [more] sales this year with the help of his automaker 's web sites , but who also worries that gm might someday just take buyers ' orders directly and get rid of him .

The Post says some of the information in its Ford/GM story was first revealed in a 1974 congressional inquiry , but is relevant again now and is being augmented with additional evidence because of new class-action suits being filed on behalf of former slave laborers , in the wake of recent similar and successful legal moves against Swiss banks .
the post says some of the information in its ford/gm story was first revealed in a 1974 congressional inquiry , but is relevant again now and is being augmented with [more] evidence because of new class-action suits being filed on behalf of former slave laborers , in the wake of recent similar and successful legal moves against swiss banks .

The two Times report that the Brazilian plan generates $ 23.5 billion in additional government funds via roughly equal parts tax increases and spending cuts and proposes reducing the expenditures of the country 's lavish social security system .
the two times report that the brazilian plan generates $ 23.5 billion in [more] government funds via roughly equal parts tax increases and spending cuts and proposes reducing the expenditures of the country 's lavish social security system .

Under the agreement , Israelis will cede an additional 13 percent of West Bank land to the Palestinians and will release 750 Palestinian prisoners .
under the agreement , israelis will cede an [more] 13 percent of west bank land to the palestinians and will release 750 palestinian prisoners .

If a few additional days go by and no widespread computer failures present themselves , Yardeni told investors , `` you 'll be able to read my lips .
if a few [more] days go by and no widespread computer failures present themselves , yardeni told investors , `` you 'll be able to read my lips .

The magnitude of that wealth effect has , at least in the past , been shown ( insofar as something like this can be shown ) to be relatively small , on the order of three to five cents in additional spending per dollar .
the magnitude of that wealth effect has , at least in the past , been shown ( insofar as something like this can be shown ) to be relatively small , on the order of three to five cents in [more] spending per dollar .

Given that the aid in question comes from the federal government to begin with -- and , when combined with about $ 9 billion in additional federal spending , accounts for about 6 percent of all money spent on public education from kindergarten through 12 th grade -- does n't the federal government have a responsibility to make sure the money is well spent ?
given that the aid in question comes from the federal government to begin with -- and , when combined with about $ 9 billion in [more] federal spending , accounts for about 6 percent of all money spent on public education from kindergarten through 12 th grade -- does n't the federal government have a responsibility to make sure the money is well spent ?

All he cites in this reply is one additional passage from the book , which , he concedes , `` does not make the point explicit . ''
all he cites in this reply is one [more] passage from the book , which , he concedes , `` does not make the point explicit . ''

In researching this biography , Müller came across five additional pages of Anne Frank 's original diary that had been removed by her father before publication , largely because they reveal unhappy details of his marriage .
in researching this biography , müller came across five [more] pages of anne frank 's original diary that had been removed by her father before publication , largely because they reveal unhappy details of his marriage .

The papers report that the U.S. announced Monday it is pledging an additional $ 500 million in humanitarian assistance to Kosovo , thus raising the total U.S. commitment there to $ 800 million .
the papers report that the u.s. announced monday it is pledging an [more] $ 500 million in humanitarian assistance to kosovo , thus raising the total u.s. commitment there to $ 800 million .

It includes attack dog opposition to any and all school reform that does not result in massive amounts of additional money for the teachers ' unions .
it includes attack dog opposition to any and all school reform that does not result in massive amounts of [more] money for the teachers ' unions .

As Chernow himself puts it : `` With additional oil strikes in California , Indian Territory ( later Oklahoma ) , Kansas , and Illinois in the early 1900s , the industry became too vast and far-flung for even Standard Oil to control .
as chernow himself puts it : `` with [more] oil strikes in california , indian territory ( later oklahoma ) , kansas , and illinois in the early 1900s , the industry became too vast and far-flung for even standard oil to control .

There are explanations : MPs are poorly paid , and those without additional government posts have almost no power anyway .
there are explanations : mps are poorly paid , and those without [more] government posts have almost no power anyway .

They would be free to have it removed whenever they chose , but would be rewarded with additional payments ( of , say , $ 30 ) for each month in which they kept it .
they would be free to have it removed whenever they chose , but would be rewarded with [more] payments ( of , say , $ 30 ) for each month in which they kept it .

Only if these additional arrangements exist can these countries -- or our own -- avoid disaster .
only if these [more] arrangements exist can these countries -- or our own -- avoid disaster .

They hope that curbing payments for additional children and enforcing parental work requirements will reverse the 25-year trend that has brought large numbers of unmarried mothers onto the welfare rolls .
they hope that curbing payments for [more] children and enforcing parental work requirements will reverse the 25-year trend that has brought large numbers of unmarried mothers onto the welfare rolls .

It 's also self-replicating : One enthusiastic recipient can easily send e-mail along to dozens of others , without the campaign having to rent an additional donor list .
it 's also self-replicating : one enthusiastic recipient can easily send e-mail along to dozens of others , without the campaign having to rent an [more] donor list .

True , when pressed , top economic advisers have called the spending caps `` totally unrealistic , '' but they are loath to press this point too loudly , lest it call into question both their own plans for additional `` investments '' ( read spending and tax breaks ) and the president 's embrace of the limits in the first place .
true , when pressed , top economic advisers have called the spending caps `` totally unrealistic , '' but they are loath to press this point too loudly , lest it call into question both their own plans for [more] `` investments '' ( read spending and tax breaks ) and the president 's embrace of the limits in the first place .

Student stenographers are paid $ 300 per semester plus $ 200 for every five additional note-takers they recruit for the company .
student stenographers are paid $ 300 per semester plus $ 200 for every five [more] note-takers they recruit for the company .

Adding prescription drug coverage to Medicare is n't additional spending ; it 's `` modernizing '' the program to meet future needs .
adding prescription drug coverage to medicare is n't [more] spending ; it 's `` modernizing '' the program to meet future needs .

Two additional provisions would look at proposals to stem the growth of unauthorized Web sites that purport to belong to a candidate and would require periodic review of regulations to judge their impact on the use of the Internet to spread political activity .
two [more] provisions would look at proposals to stem the growth of unauthorized web sites that purport to belong to a candidate and would require periodic review of regulations to judge their impact on the use of the internet to spread political activity .

The four-year deal is believed to include a 3 percent annual wage increase and a guarantee that the company will not block unionization of additional plants .
the four-year deal is believed to include a 3 percent annual wage increase and a guarantee that the company will not block unionization of [more] plants .

Republican opponents say that without additional limits on labor unions ' political expenditures , the revised bill remains unfair .
republican opponents say that without [more] limits on labor unions ' political expenditures , the revised bill remains unfair .

He has since donated an additional 500 cows ; their fate is unknown .
he has since donated an [more] 500 cows ; their fate is unknown .

Last Friday , the New York Times reported that the House majority whip had told journalists `` Republicans would spend next year 's anticipated $ 14 billion budget surplus -- and had intended to do so all year long '' -- to `` force President Clinton to pay for any additional spending requests out of the Social Security surplus . ''
last friday , the new york times reported that the house majority whip had told journalists `` republicans would spend next year 's anticipated $ 14 billion budget surplus -- and had intended to do so all year long '' -- to `` force president clinton to pay for any [more] spending requests out of the social security surplus . ''

Last year , facing another impasse , the Republicans caved and accepted additional spending demanded by Clinton .
last year , facing another impasse , the republicans caved and accepted [more] spending demanded by clinton .

The Times paraphrased DeLay as saying that his `` plan '' would `` force President Clinton to pay for any additional spending requests out of the Social Security surplus . ''
the times paraphrased delay as saying that his `` plan '' would `` force president clinton to pay for any [more] spending requests out of the social security surplus . ''

Rabbi S. had TWA book him on another flight , a Delta flight , and he schlepped -- that 's the only word for it -- to the Delta terminal , only to be told that his was a `` voluntary '' transfer -- he was late for his TWA flight -- and so therefore he would have to pay an additional $ 300 .
rabbi s. had twa book him on another flight , a delta flight , and he schlepped -- that 's the only word for it -- to the delta terminal , only to be told that his was a `` voluntary '' transfer -- he was late for his twa flight -- and so therefore he would have to pay an [more] $ 300 .

BofA executive H. Eugene Lockhart , barely on the job for a year , left his job three days after the merger with a severance package including $ 22 million and stock grants cashable for an additional $ 17 million .
bofa executive h. eugene lockhart , barely on the job for a year , left his job three days after the merger with a severance package including $ 22 million and stock grants cashable for an [more] $ 17 million .

Did the Web give the story additional velocity ?
did the web give the story [more] velocity ?

Within days of the story 's appearance , more than 2,500 other Web sites had linked directly to Mercury Center , causing 100,000 additional hits a day for weeks afterward .
within days of the story 's appearance , more than 2,500 other web sites had linked directly to mercury center , causing 100,000 [more] hits a day for weeks afterward .

One click on the name of any currently running movie will bring it up on the screen , but without any additional information except for its rating ( G , PG , etc . ) .
one click on the name of any currently running movie will bring it up on the screen , but without any [more] information except for its rating ( g , pg , etc . ) .

The cost is $ 4.95 a month ( keyboard rental will set you back an additional $ 1.95 ) .
the cost is $ 4.95 a month ( keyboard rental will set you back an [more] $ 1.95 ) .

Here , again , is additional information on the BATF 's onerous restrictions on health claims , the U.S. government 's current dietary guidelines dealing with alcohol , and the American Heart Association 's recommendation on alcohol .
here , again , is [more] information on the batf 's onerous restrictions on health claims , the u.s. government 's current dietary guidelines dealing with alcohol , and the american heart association 's recommendation on alcohol .

As developers kill the bugs , they incorporate the solutions into a daily `` build '' of the program and test the build to make certain the solutions do n't cause additional bugs .
as developers kill the bugs , they incorporate the solutions into a daily `` build '' of the program and test the build to make certain the solutions do n't cause [more] bugs .

The LAT does better on the big picture , explaining that Lott 's additional demand for postponement until 2001 is designed precisely to immunize Republicans from the treaty during the 2000 election .
the lat does better on the big picture , explaining that lott 's [more] demand for postponement until 2001 is designed precisely to immunize republicans from the treaty during the 2000 election .

He was a kind of spirit of resistance personified , a man who writes in his book ( click here for a Ballot Box review ) that he found freedom in captivity by tormenting his torturers , even at the cost of additional abuse .
he was a kind of spirit of resistance personified , a man who writes in his book ( click here for a ballot box review ) that he found freedom in captivity by tormenting his torturers , even at the cost of [more] abuse .

Avant-garde artistes such as respondents remain entirely free to épater les bourgeois ; they are merely deprived of the additional satisfaction of having the bourgeoisie taxed to pay for it .
avant-garde artistes such as respondents remain entirely free to épater les bourgeois ; they are merely deprived of the [more] satisfaction of having the bourgeoisie taxed to pay for it .

Motorola , meanwhile , announced that it would be taking a $ 700 million write-off because of its investment in troubled satellite-phone company Iridium , and added that it might have to take an additional $ 350 million write-off in the next quarter .
motorola , meanwhile , announced that it would be taking a $ 700 million write-off because of its investment in troubled satellite-phone company iridium , and added that it might have to take an [more] $ 350 million write-off in the next quarter .

Bill Bennett unwittingly provided some additional support for this suspicion when he appeared on Meet the Press on Sunday and tried to defend Bush from the charge of conservative-bashing .
bill bennett unwittingly provided some [more] support for this suspicion when he appeared on meet the press on sunday and tried to defend bush from the charge of conservative-bashing .

Unfortunately , it is likely to sow considerable confusion by suggesting that an individual could or should add value to humankind through additional reproduction .
unfortunately , it is likely to sow considerable confusion by suggesting that an individual could or should add value to humankind through [more] reproduction .

As you move through your first product cycle , you may also want to consider some of the following additional features or revisions :
as you move through your first product cycle , you may also want to consider some of the following [more] features or revisions :

Right before ship dates , these seminars could be held between 11 p.m. and midnight to provide additional convenience for employees attempting to finish their daily tasks .
right before ship dates , these seminars could be held between 11 p.m. and midnight to provide [more] convenience for employees attempting to finish their daily tasks .

When Besharov and Dembosky characterized the 1.4 million additional children who joined the ranks of the maltreated between 1986 and 1993 , they summed up the NIS-3 estimates in inappropriate ways to draw their conclusions .
when besharov and dembosky characterized the 1.4 million [more] children who joined the ranks of the maltreated between 1986 and 1993 , they summed up the nis-3 estimates in inappropriate ways to draw their conclusions .

The 37 percent just mentioned refers to over one-half million additional children who were harmed by physical abuse , sexual abuse , or physical neglect in 1993 -- over and above the number who were harmed by these forms of mistreatment in 1986 .
the 37 percent just mentioned refers to over one-half million [more] children who were harmed by physical abuse , sexual abuse , or physical neglect in 1993 -- over and above the number who were harmed by these forms of mistreatment in 1986 .

In reality , it 's practically impossible to buy entirely on margin anyway , which is what McIntyre is describing -- you 'd need to deposit additional funds with your broker , which would then be included in any rate-of-return calculation .
in reality , it 's practically impossible to buy entirely on margin anyway , which is what mcintyre is describing -- you 'd need to deposit [more] funds with your broker , which would then be included in any rate-of-return calculation .

Arkansas is not a Jurassic Park of politics , law enforcement , or culture -- a fact that Hosenball would be aware of if he had spent any time in this state or done any additional research for his article .
arkansas is not a jurassic park of politics , law enforcement , or culture -- a fact that hosenball would be aware of if he had spent any time in this state or done any [more] research for his article .

In addition , I pointed out that psychiatrists find that an additional group kill themselves on impulse .
in addition , i pointed out that psychiatrists find that an [more] group kill themselves on impulse .

He has in fact made the standard freshman-economics error of viewing the interest on the debt as a cost , without accounting for the offsetting benefit : By keeping current taxes lower than they would otherwise be , the debt allows people to have higher savings and therefore to earn additional interest .
he has in fact made the standard freshman-economics error of viewing the interest on the debt as a cost , without accounting for the offsetting benefit : by keeping current taxes lower than they would otherwise be , the debt allows people to have higher savings and therefore to earn [more] interest .

Anyway , that figure would seem to be a rather small price to pay for additional safety .
anyway , that figure would seem to be a rather small price to pay for [more] safety .

A more in-depth view would recognize that when the basic framework of a society disintegrates , external food supplies may just lead to additional reproduction , and thus more widespread starvation .
a more in-depth view would recognize that when the basic framework of a society disintegrates , external food supplies may just lead to [more] reproduction , and thus more widespread starvation .

Republicans will claim that many of their candidates were outspent , if you count the additional `` union money . ''
republicans will claim that many of their candidates were outspent , if you count the [more] `` union money . ''

In 1996 , the conductor Lorin Maazel earned $ 4.5 million , including $ 1 million as the chief conductor of the Pittsburgh Symphony and an additional $ 2.7 million from the Bavarian State Radio Orchestra .
in 1996 , the conductor lorin maazel earned $ 4.5 million , including $ 1 million as the chief conductor of the pittsburgh symphony and an [more] $ 2.7 million from the bavarian state radio orchestra .

They may , if they so desire , do additional research .
they may , if they so desire , do [more] research .

Nearly all of them think Clinton is blatantly lying , but they are constrained by popular demand and the additional strictures of `` objectivity . ''
nearly all of them think clinton is blatantly lying , but they are constrained by popular demand and the [more] strictures of `` objectivity . ''

Of course , this is also the problem with the National Magazine Awards lunch , which has the additional problem of being , along with the White House Correspondents Dinner , the most depressingly Soviet-like assembly I have ever attended .
of course , this is also the problem with the national magazine awards lunch , which has the [more] problem of being , along with the white house correspondents dinner , the most depressingly soviet-like assembly i have ever attended .

Hcfa has settled on a convoluted solution : continuing the subsidies for the residents that are trained , but paying the hospitals additional amounts not to train as many .
hcfa has settled on a convoluted solution : continuing the subsidies for the residents that are trained , but paying the hospitals [more] amounts not to train as many .

Other programs -- Medicaid , Food Stamps , housing aid , special feeding and educational programs for unwed teens , and so on -- certainly provided additional inducements for unguarded sexuality .
other programs -- medicaid , food stamps , housing aid , special feeding and educational programs for unwed teens , and so on -- certainly provided [more] inducements for unguarded sexuality .

It is on top of these cuts -- before the first small step of which the Congress and the president just blinked -- that the additional Dole cuts are to be made , an amount totaling close to 40 percent of the vulnerable part of the budget .
it is on top of these cuts -- before the first small step of which the congress and the president just blinked -- that the [more] dole cuts are to be made , an amount totaling close to 40 percent of the vulnerable part of the budget .

The deal makers contend that the budget deal itself will promote growth and so create additional savings .
the deal makers contend that the budget deal itself will promote growth and so create [more] savings .

Before 1993 , no snowstorm or blizzard had been declared a `` major disaster or emergency '' by the president ( though federal help had been offered in a dozen or so other `` winter events '' in which additional damage , such as the downing of utility lines , had occurred ) .
before 1993 , no snowstorm or blizzard had been declared a `` major disaster or emergency '' by the president ( though federal help had been offered in a dozen or so other `` winter events '' in which [more] damage , such as the downing of utility lines , had occurred ) .

Most Americans believe that once you make a certain amount of money , each additional dollar matters less , and therefore society has a larger claim on it .
most americans believe that once you make a certain amount of money , each [more] dollar matters less , and therefore society has a larger claim on it .

The Post 's non-local lead is a report on the Colombian civil war : The Marxist rebels have become so well-stocked with Eastern European weapons that the Clinton administration is requesting an additional $ 2 billion in aid to the Colombian government over the next three years ( compared to $ 289 million in FY '99 ) .
the post 's non-local lead is a report on the colombian civil war : the marxist rebels have become so well-stocked with eastern european weapons that the clinton administration is requesting an [more] $ 2 billion in aid to the colombian government over the next three years ( compared to $ 289 million in fy '99 ) .

For example , he suggested that the breaking down of the traditional editorial/business wall and appointing of business managers was going to result in new growth to the paper in terms of additional advertising volume , possible circulation growth , and increased profitability .
for example , he suggested that the breaking down of the traditional editorial/business wall and appointing of business managers was going to result in new growth to the paper in terms of [more] advertising volume , possible circulation growth , and increased profitability .

Coming up soon , two additional Back of the Book features : an interactive acrostic puzzle , and a stock-market contest .
coming up soon , two [more] back of the book features : an interactive acrostic puzzle , and a stock-market contest .

Thus the next poll results show that an additional 5 percent of voters now want him out -- and the total for ouster is now 30 percent .
thus the next poll results show that an [more] 5 percent of voters now want him out -- and the total for ouster is now 30 percent .

For the United States , he recommended that pending budget surpluses be used for tax cuts and additional spending .
for the united states , he recommended that pending budget surpluses be used for tax cuts and [more] spending .

The WP , which was much more aggressive from the git-go , simply raises the ante today , with not just a long front-page piece but also not one , but two additional Albert pieces elsewhere in the paper , one a ramble wondering if Albert can rebound professionally , the other a thumb-sucker about women who stand by their man when he 's in trouble .
the wp , which was much more aggressive from the git-go , simply raises the ante today , with not just a long front-page piece but also not one , but two [more] albert pieces elsewhere in the paper , one a ramble wondering if albert can rebound professionally , the other a thumb-sucker about women who stand by their man when he 's in trouble .

The additional observation seems right and newsworthy .
the [more] observation seems right and newsworthy .

Note : If most people live another fifty years after college and if college costs a total of more than $ 100,000 , then the additional sex achieved by college students over their high school counterparts is purchased at Heidi Fleiss rates : about $ 1,000 per .
note : if most people live another fifty years after college and if college costs a total of more than $ 100,000 , then the [more] sex achieved by college students over their high school counterparts is purchased at heidi fleiss rates : about $ 1,000 per .

The Journal quotes an academic who says that while not a primary factor in deciding to get married , `` A $ 500 increase in taxes decreases the probability of marriage by 1 % or 2 % , '' and quotes one woman who says she 's just living with her boyfriend despite their desire to marry because she does n't want to give the IRS an additional $ 3,700 .
the journal quotes an academic who says that while not a primary factor in deciding to get married , `` a $ 500 increase in taxes decreases the probability of marriage by 1 % or 2 % , '' and quotes one woman who says she 's just living with her boyfriend despite their desire to marry because she does n't want to give the irs an [more] $ 3,700 .

To find out whether vouchers can actually improve education , Bush would have to offer an additional incentive worth several times the federal government 's Title 1 spending ( currently around $ 8 billion ) .
to find out whether vouchers can actually improve education , bush would have to offer an [more] incentive worth several times the federal government 's title 1 spending ( currently around $ 8 billion ) .

Even the compassionate one is n't prepared to run afoul of conservative dogma to the extent of proposing spending tens of billions of additional federal dollars on education .
even the compassionate one is n't prepared to run afoul of conservative dogma to the extent of proposing spending tens of billions of [more] federal dollars on education .

Twelve additional `` anti-environment '' votes Chatterbox would call `` Tennessee penumbra votes , '' i.e. , votes in which powerful Tennessee interests might be harmed indirectly by a pro-environment vote .
twelve [more] `` anti-environment '' votes chatterbox would call `` tennessee penumbra votes , '' i.e. , votes in which powerful tennessee interests might be harmed indirectly by a pro-environment vote .

The ad offers to provide additional `` facts '' with a toll-free number ( 888-54FACTS ) and a Web address ( www.climatefacts.org ) .
the ad offers to provide [more] `` facts '' with a toll-free number ( 888-54facts ) and a web address ( www.climatefacts.org ) .

The NYT and LAT leads , which focus on the Russian economy , meet this challenge with the sprinkling of additional Econ 101 information required : jacked-up rates of return encourage investors to hold on to their rubles rather than selling them for dollars .
the nyt and lat leads , which focus on the russian economy , meet this challenge with the sprinkling of [more] econ 101 information required : jacked-up rates of return encourage investors to hold on to their rubles rather than selling them for dollars .

An additional factor is that the doctors who deliver these babies are scared of being sued by women still in their child-bearing years .
an [more] factor is that the doctors who deliver these babies are scared of being sued by women still in their child-bearing years .

Both the WP front and a piece inside at the NYT report that Sunday 's statement by President Clinton hinting at U.S. support for additional international financial loans to shore up the Russian economy utterly failed to have the anticipated soothing effect : Russian stocks fell another ten percent and the ruble worsened slightly .
both the wp front and a piece inside at the nyt report that sunday 's statement by president clinton hinting at u.s. support for [more] international financial loans to shore up the russian economy utterly failed to have the anticipated soothing effect : russian stocks fell another ten percent and the ruble worsened slightly .

USA Today leads with the U.S. decision to move 3,000 additional troops into Kuwait as part of its Iraq build-up .
usa today leads with the u.s. decision to move 3,000 [more] troops into kuwait as part of its iraq build-up .

The NYT 's Keith Bradsher has pretty much owned the topic of the dangers presented to normal-sized cars by sports utility vehicles , and today Bradsher continues , writing about an auto insurance industry report that urges auto makers to redesign SUVs because they `` increase the risk of death for other road users while providing little if any additional protection for their own occupants . ''
the nyt 's keith bradsher has pretty much owned the topic of the dangers presented to normal-sized cars by sports utility vehicles , and today bradsher continues , writing about an auto insurance industry report that urges auto makers to redesign suvs because they `` increase the risk of death for other road users while providing little if any [more] protection for their own occupants . ''

For the sake of the republic , `` Today 's Papers '' hopes the Journal means `` additional . ''
for the sake of the republic , `` today 's papers '' hopes the journal means `` [more] . ''

Economic factoids : the LAT and USAT fronts report that the booming economy has delayed the insolvency of Social Security for three additional years -- until 2032 .
economic factoids : the lat and usat fronts report that the booming economy has delayed the insolvency of social security for three [more] years -- until 2032 .

Additional Indian atomic tests on Wednesday and U.S. sanctions against India lead all around .
[more] indian atomic tests on wednesday and u.s. sanctions against india lead all around .

The editorial endorses President Clinton 's budget request for an additional $ 22 million to combat housing discrimination .
the editorial endorses president clinton 's budget request for an [more] $ 22 million to combat housing discrimination .

A WSJ front-page feature reports on a virtually unnoticed obstacle to the flourishing of free trade under NAFTA : There are n't enough bridges , rails and docks to handle all the additional movement of goods the treaty sanctions .
a wsj front-page feature reports on a virtually unnoticed obstacle to the flourishing of free trade under nafta : there are n't enough bridges , rails and docks to handle all the [more] movement of goods the treaty sanctions .

Wait -- what entitles me to assume that consumer demand will rise enough to absorb all the additional production ?
wait -- what entitles me to assume that consumer demand will rise enough to absorb all the [more] production ?

It 's a mutually beneficial arrangement : A couple that already has children around may find that watching another couple 's kids for an evening is not that much of an additional burden , certainly compared with the benefit of receiving the same service some other evening .
it 's a mutually beneficial arrangement : a couple that already has children around may find that watching another couple 's kids for an evening is not that much of an [more] burden , certainly compared with the benefit of receiving the same service some other evening .

If everyone spends an additional hour evaluating the candidates , we all benefit from a better-informed electorate .
if everyone spends an [more] hour evaluating the candidates , we all benefit from a better-informed electorate .

Still , there 's one change to the story that left Chatterbox wondering whether the pressures were more corporate than dramatic : the omission of any mention of ABC 's February 1994 Day One broadcast alleging that cigarette manufacturers were spiking their products with additional nicotine , the stuff that makes cigarettes addictive .
still , there 's one change to the story that left chatterbox wondering whether the pressures were more corporate than dramatic : the omission of any mention of abc 's february 1994 day one broadcast alleging that cigarette manufacturers were spiking their products with [more] nicotine , the stuff that makes cigarettes addictive .

At least the Library of America 's Writings contains an endless supply of additional material .
at least the library of america 's writings contains an endless supply of [more] material .

During the course of the study , Quigley gave Macknin options for an additional 10,000 shares .
during the course of the study , quigley gave macknin options for an [more] 10,000 shares .

Every additional copy of Windows 95 costs Microsoft ... oh , just about nothing .
every [more] copy of windows 95 costs microsoft ... oh , just about nothing .

In the final deal , Clinton gained : 1 ) additional funding for teachers and police ; 2 ) environmental protections ; and 3 ) money for international relief and foreign relations .
in the final deal , clinton gained : 1 ) [more] funding for teachers and police ; 2 ) environmental protections ; and 3 ) money for international relief and foreign relations .

One offers George W. 6-to-5 odds to win the White House ( bet $ 5 and , if you win , get back that fiver plus an additional $ 6 ) .
one offers george w. 6-to-5 odds to win the white house ( bet $ 5 and , if you win , get back that fiver plus an [more] $ 6 ) .

Clinton gained : 1 ) additional funding for teachers and police ; 2 ) environmental protections ; and 3 ) money for international relief and foreign relations .
clinton gained : 1 ) [more] funding for teachers and police ; 2 ) environmental protections ; and 3 ) money for international relief and foreign relations .

Executions may be a less-effective deterrent than convictions , but they are nevertheless an extremely powerful deterrent ; according to Ehrlich 's numbers , one additional execution in 1950 could well have prevented over 20 murders .
executions may be a less-effective deterrent than convictions , but they are nevertheless an extremely powerful deterrent ; according to ehrlich 's numbers , one [more] execution in 1950 could well have prevented over 20 murders .

Some additional hosannas first .
some [more] hosannas first .

I 'm not sure how to apply competitive-market theory to Whitewater , but fortunately there is no lack of additional scandals to analyze .
i 'm not sure how to apply competitive-market theory to whitewater , but fortunately there is no lack of [more] scandals to analyze .

Jurors are kept off-balance -- and in need of additional guidance from the bench -- by the judge , who instructs them to convict if the defendant is guilty `` beyond a reasonable doubt , '' without telling them whether a `` reasonable doubt '' consists of a 1 percent risk of error , a 5 percent risk of error , or a 10 percent risk of error .
jurors are kept off-balance -- and in need of [more] guidance from the bench -- by the judge , who instructs them to convict if the defendant is guilty `` beyond a reasonable doubt , '' without telling them whether a `` reasonable doubt '' consists of a 1 percent risk of error , a 5 percent risk of error , or a 10 percent risk of error .

Parents weigh all -- or at least most -- of the costs of an additional child ( resources diverted from their other children ) against only a portion of the benefits ( they count their own love for their children , but not others ' love for their children ) .
parents weigh all -- or at least most -- of the costs of an [more] child ( resources diverted from their other children ) against only a portion of the benefits ( they count their own love for their children , but not others ' love for their children ) .

Of the 1.4 million additional cases reported , almost 80 percent fall into three suspect categories .
of the 1.4 million [more] cases reported , almost 80 percent fall into three suspect categories .

In fact , according to Professor Michael Kremer of MIT 's economics department , the spread of AIDS in England could plausibly be retarded if everyone with fewer than about 2.25 partners per year were to take additional partners more frequently .
in fact , according to professor michael kremer of mit 's economics department , the spread of aids in england could plausibly be retarded if everyone with fewer than about 2.25 partners per year were to take [more] partners more frequently .

In this scenario , blacks can be harmed by discrimination in general -- but they do not suffer any additional harm from Texaco 's policies in particular .
in this scenario , blacks can be harmed by discrimination in general -- but they do not suffer any [more] harm from texaco 's policies in particular .

You might as well also know that : a ) Chatterbox has been friends with Kaus for close to 20 years ; b ) Chatterbox and Kaus co-edited an anthology of neoliberal writings in the early 1980s that never got published ; c ) Chatterbox and Kaus attended the same high school , though at different times ; d ) Chatterbox and Kaus apprenticed at the same magazine , the Washington Monthly , though at different times ; e ) Chatterbox first met the future Mrs. Chatterbox at Kaus ' Washington apartment in 1986 ; f ) Kaus was an usher at the Chatterbox nuptials in 1990 ; g ) Chatterbox and Kaus worked at Newsweek at the same time , though in different cities , during the late 1980s ; h ) Chatterbox has probably neglected to cite five or six additional conflicts of interest , but figures he has to leave something for Brill 's Content to expose . )
you might as well also know that : a ) chatterbox has been friends with kaus for close to 20 years ; b ) chatterbox and kaus co-edited an anthology of neoliberal writings in the early 1980s that never got published ; c ) chatterbox and kaus attended the same high school , though at different times ; d ) chatterbox and kaus apprenticed at the same magazine , the washington monthly , though at different times ; e ) chatterbox first met the future mrs. chatterbox at kaus ' washington apartment in 1986 ; f ) kaus was an usher at the chatterbox nuptials in 1990 ; g ) chatterbox and kaus worked at newsweek at the same time , though in different cities , during the late 1980s ; h ) chatterbox has probably neglected to cite five or six [more] conflicts of interest , but figures he has to leave something for brill 's content to expose . )

If we are going to be subjected to any additional dirt about the Clinton 's mystery marriage , it better be loamier than the over-planted soil we seem to be farming here .
if we are going to be subjected to any [more] dirt about the clinton 's mystery marriage , it better be loamier than the over-planted soil we seem to be farming here .

Before delving back into this slag-heap of a book for additional nuggets , let me take a breather and say a few more words about Bell the man .
before delving back into this slag-heap of a book for [more] nuggets , let me take a breather and say a few more words about bell the man .

For example , the piece describes how Barton used the extra-risky practice of trading `` on margin , '' or borrowing funds against the securities he already owned , which he was required to back up with additional funds when the value of those securities dropped .
for example , the piece describes how barton used the extra-risky practice of trading `` on margin , '' or borrowing funds against the securities he already owned , which he was required to back up with [more] funds when the value of those securities dropped .

This only gave I-695 additional credence .
this only gave i-695 [more] credence .

The malls play it both ways : They use Santa 's physical presence to lure parents ( `` kids of all ages can have their photos taken with Jolly Old St. Nick '' ) and then offer , for an additional fee , to put the pictures on Web sites or CD-ROMs so that kids `` can send [ the images ] to their loved ones over the Internet . ''
the malls play it both ways : they use santa 's physical presence to lure parents ( `` kids of all ages can have their photos taken with jolly old st. nick '' ) and then offer , for an [more] fee , to put the pictures on web sites or cd-roms so that kids `` can send [ the images ] to their loved ones over the internet . ''

Is the Internet so miraculous an advertising vehicle that Gross will be able to siphon off $ 400 per person from total ad spending of $ 1,000 per family -- or persuade advertisers to spend an additional $ 400 to reach each of his customers ?
is the internet so miraculous an advertising vehicle that gross will be able to siphon off $ 400 per person from total ad spending of $ 1,000 per family -- or persuade advertisers to spend an [more] $ 400 to reach each of his customers ?

These aspects of life provide additional character types , imps and demigods , nymphs and satyrs , to further populate our great saga .
these aspects of life provide [more] character types , imps and demigods , nymphs and satyrs , to further populate our great saga .

The bipartisan movement to kill the independent counsel law provides additional legal cover for this exit .
the bipartisan movement to kill the independent counsel law provides [more] legal cover for this exit .

Additional menus listing the contents will drop down .
[more] menus listing the contents will drop down .

In recent days , the National Rifle Association and its allies have argued that additional gun laws would not have helped avert the April 20 Colorado high-school massacre , because gun laws already on the books proved useless .
in recent days , the national rifle association and its allies have argued that [more] gun laws would not have helped avert the april 20 colorado high-school massacre , because gun laws already on the books proved useless .

Would the additional laws proposed by President Clinton last week have made any difference ?
would the [more] laws proposed by president clinton last week have made any difference ?

The department has stocked up on pepper spray and smoke bombs and has given additional riot training to 45 officers , alarming many Hartford residents , tensely awaiting a prosecutor 's decision about whether to charge a white officer who fatally shot a black 14-year-old in the back .
the department has stocked up on pepper spray and smoke bombs and has given [more] riot training to 45 officers , alarming many hartford residents , tensely awaiting a prosecutor 's decision about whether to charge a white officer who fatally shot a black 14-year-old in the back .

The sale consists of a lease of only 99 years , and the purchaser will have to pay an additional 1.2 million pounds ( $ 1.9 million ) in taxes and an estimated $ 328,000 in legal fees , the Telegraph said .
the sale consists of a lease of only 99 years , and the purchaser will have to pay an [more] 1.2 million pounds ( $ 1.9 million ) in taxes and an estimated $ 328,000 in legal fees , the telegraph said .

The broadcasters are now pushing to hold on to the additional spectrum space .
the broadcasters are now pushing to hold on to the [more] spectrum space .

The Clinton administration imposed additional Hatch-like regulations on itself .
the clinton administration imposed [more] hatch-like regulations on itself .

Interrupting this process causes additional drops such as Monday afternoon 's , rather than upswings such as Tuesday morning 's .
interrupting this process causes [more] drops such as monday afternoon 's , rather than upswings such as tuesday morning 's .

It would take up space that could otherwise be devoted to solving additional problems of the world .
it would take up space that could otherwise be devoted to solving [more] problems of the world .

Whitman and McGreevey battled over what kind of additional regulation would most effectively force a reduction in rates .
whitman and mcgreevey battled over what kind of [more] regulation would most effectively force a reduction in rates .

This would provide additional opportunities for sabotage .
this would provide [more] opportunities for sabotage .

Corporations that have budgeted for contributions of a certain size are loath to allot large amounts of additional cash in the middle of the year .
corporations that have budgeted for contributions of a certain size are loath to allot large amounts of [more] cash in the middle of the year .

None of them has yet filed a lobbying disclosure form that might give additional particulars .
none of them has yet filed a lobbying disclosure form that might give [more] particulars .

My colleague Mickey Kaus proposes an additional hypothesis .
my colleague mickey kaus proposes an [more] hypothesis .

Send as many names as you wish , as often as you wish , and get six additional months of Slate for each one .
send as many names as you wish , as often as you wish , and get six [more] months of slate for each one .

The media used the deposition as an opportunity to publish additional tales of Clinton 's philandering .
the media used the deposition as an opportunity to publish [more] tales of clinton 's philandering .

The district attorney wants to justify the death penalty by adding an additional felony charge , such as kidnapping .
the district attorney wants to justify the death penalty by adding an [more] felony charge , such as kidnapping .

The states demand that Microsoft stop bundling additional programs with Windows .
the states demand that microsoft stop bundling [more] programs with windows .

It 's the New York Times that explains that this agreement will benefit Mississippi , which in June made a purely financial settlement with the major tobacco companies , but also secured the benefit of any additional public health concessions made in other deals with other states .
it 's the new york times that explains that this agreement will benefit mississippi , which in june made a purely financial settlement with the major tobacco companies , but also secured the benefit of any [more] public health concessions made in other deals with other states .

In addition to the sterility business , there are , as previously noted here , three additional witnesses who say Broaddrick told them of the rape back in 1978 .
in addition to the sterility business , there are , as previously noted here , three [more] witnesses who say broaddrick told them of the rape back in 1978 .

The WSJ gets the nod for reporting the most intriguing singularity that otherwise went unnoticed : that as part of the deal , besides the $ 150 million investment , Microsoft will pay Apple an additional $ 100 million .
the wsj gets the nod for reporting the most intriguing singularity that otherwise went unnoticed : that as part of the deal , besides the $ 150 million investment , microsoft will pay apple an [more] $ 100 million .

Indis Index Update : NBC , in its Juanita Broaddrick broadcast last night , turned up an additional three witnesses who recall being told by Broaddrick in the late 1970s that Bill Clinton raped her .
indis index update : nbc , in its juanita broaddrick broadcast last night , turned up an [more] three witnesses who recall being told by broaddrick in the late 1970s that bill clinton raped her .

The NYT 's account quotes an additional cause here , of Dostoevskian proportions : `` our poor lives . ''
the nyt 's account quotes an [more] cause here , of dostoevskian proportions : `` our poor lives . ''

They will then score one point for every subsequent issue or broadcast or Internet posting after the first offense is noted by Chatterbox if they continue not to report said inconvenient fact -- and an additional two points on days when the news organization runs a follow-up without making note of said inconvenient fact .
they will then score one point for every subsequent issue or broadcast or internet posting after the first offense is noted by chatterbox if they continue not to report said inconvenient fact -- and an [more] two points on days when the news organization runs a follow-up without making note of said inconvenient fact .

Because it has published three times since the initial omission , it scores an additional three points .
because it has published three times since the initial omission , it scores an [more] three points .

James Love , director of the Consumer Project on Technology , prepared additional material for this article .
james love , director of the consumer project on technology , prepared [more] material for this article .

Before welfare reform , at least , an additional child usually meant an increase in a poor urban family 's benefits .
before welfare reform , at least , an [more] child usually meant an increase in a poor urban family 's benefits .

His sons , Jess ( age 17 ) , Benjamin ( 14 ) , and Alexander ( 11 ) , gave an additional $ 12,000 .
his sons , jess ( age 17 ) , benjamin ( 14 ) , and alexander ( 11 ) , gave an [more] $ 12,000 .

The group of `` student '' donors who collectively gave $ 200,000 to Clinton used different designations when contributing an additional $ 100,000 to him and others .
the group of `` student '' donors who collectively gave $ 200,000 to clinton used different designations when contributing an [more] $ 100,000 to him and others .

The amount was proffered as a challenge gift , and the donor has required the university to seek additional donations to match the original figure .
the amount was proffered as a challenge gift , and the donor has required the university to seek [more] donations to match the original figure .

The college 's trustees have voted to designate the gift as a dollar-for-dollar matching fund to invite additional donations to the capital campaign .
the college 's trustees have voted to designate the gift as a dollar-for-dollar matching fund to invite [more] donations to the capital campaign .

Decided yesterday was that Republican managers can not seek any additional evidence or testimony uncovered during these witness depositions without getting the approval of both Trent Lott and Thomas Daschle .
decided yesterday was that republican managers can not seek any [more] evidence or testimony uncovered during these witness depositions without getting the approval of both trent lott and thomas daschle .

USAT explains that the McVeigh turn-down still leaves room for additional appeals , which could delay the imposition of his death sentence for years .
usat explains that the mcveigh turn-down still leaves room for [more] appeals , which could delay the imposition of his death sentence for years .

The Court ruled that an illegal 's claim of being banished from this country on political grounds is not a defense against deportation that requires additional federal court hearings .
the court ruled that an illegal 's claim of being banished from this country on political grounds is not a defense against deportation that requires [more] federal court hearings .

Hence , here 's a crucial fact not reported in any of yesterday 's stories : the parents had already been given more than enough money ( by their own estimate ) to provide for the additional cost of keeping him in a mainstream classroom .
hence , here 's a crucial fact not reported in any of yesterday 's stories : the parents had already been given more than enough money ( by their own estimate ) to provide for the [more] cost of keeping him in a mainstream classroom .

That 's because there do n't appear to be the 67 votes required to suspend the rules , a point that the WP and NYT also cover in additional front-page stories .
that 's because there do n't appear to be the 67 votes required to suspend the rules , a point that the wp and nyt also cover in [more] front-page stories .

The LAT quotes a senator saying there will be additional Republicans crossing over .
the lat quotes a senator saying there will be [more] republicans crossing over .

The LAT says that nationwide , the additional care could cost $ 500 million per year .
the lat says that nationwide , the [more] care could cost $ 500 million per year .

All three of the big dailies working today feature front-page stories about Time/CNN 's retraction of its allegation that nerve gas was used against American defectors by U.S. troops in Laos in 1970 , with considerable additional coverage inside .
all three of the big dailies working today feature front-page stories about time/cnn 's retraction of its allegation that nerve gas was used against american defectors by u.s. troops in laos in 1970 , with considerable [more] coverage inside .

The URI=/info/contents/contents.html '' > New York Times goes with a two-column headline and a photo of Brown , with two additional articles inside accompanied by a timeline of the magazine 's history .
the uri=/info/contents/contents.html '' > new york times goes with a two-column headline and a photo of brown , with two [more] articles inside accompanied by a timeline of the magazine 's history .

The Times also observes that un-related obstacles to bringing in additional Senate votes remain , including whether and/or how much the bill should fund tobacco price supports or programs for converting tobacco-based communities to other enterprises .
the times also observes that un-related obstacles to bringing in [more] senate votes remain , including whether and/or how much the bill should fund tobacco price supports or programs for converting tobacco-based communities to other enterprises .

Right now the Republican leadership is taking business-annoying stands against increased exports to China and against additional U.S. funding of the International Monetary Fund .
right now the republican leadership is taking business-annoying stands against increased exports to china and against [more] u.s. funding of the international monetary fund .

The IMF 's number two official is quoted citing the recent tumultuous changes in the valuation of the ruble and in the Russian banking system as grounds for delaying its decision to distribute additional aid until October .
the imf 's number two official is quoted citing the recent tumultuous changes in the valuation of the ruble and in the russian banking system as grounds for delaying its decision to distribute [more] aid until october .

Under the arrangement , the DOD gets an additional $ 600 million in goodies while near-state-of-the-art ships are going to sworn enemies Turkey ( 14 vessels ) and Greece ( 11 ) .
under the arrangement , the dod gets an [more] $ 600 million in goodies while near-state-of-the-art ships are going to sworn enemies turkey ( 14 vessels ) and greece ( 11 ) .

Additional perspective on the press comes in a NYT op-ed written by a Peruvian journalist , Gustavo Gorriti , who notes that in Latin America , journalists are often the only check on government abuse of power and , as a result , are generally viewed very positively .
[more] perspective on the press comes in a nyt op-ed written by a peruvian journalist , gustavo gorriti , who notes that in latin america , journalists are often the only check on government abuse of power and , as a result , are generally viewed very positively .

Part III : SUBJECTS consists of three categories of specialized words and phrases , which are further divided into 36 subjects , each of which , through an illustrative example and a wide selection of exercises entries , provides additional practice in dissecting , analyzing , reconstructing , defining , and providing commentaries for English words .
part iii : subjects consists of three categories of specialized words and phrases , which are further divided into 36 subjects , each of which , through an illustrative example and a wide selection of exercises entries , provides [more] practice in dissecting , analyzing , reconstructing , defining , and providing commentaries for english words .

For those who are unfamiliar with computers and the need for a word-processing package , I should explain ( with what I hope is merciful brevity ) that when you buy what is fondly called a “ personal ” computer , you get three pieces of equipment ( though they may be combined in some models or makes ) : a rectangular box with some slots in the front and sockets in the back , which is the computer ; a monitor , which is a small TV set without the usual buttons ; and a keyboard , which looks like an ordinary typewriter keyboard but , in many models sold today , has a number of additional keys alongside those for the familiar alphanumeric characters .
for those who are unfamiliar with computers and the need for a word-processing package , i should explain ( with what i hope is merciful brevity ) that when you buy what is fondly called a “ personal ” computer , you get three pieces of equipment ( though they may be combined in some models or makes ) : a rectangular box with some slots in the front and sockets in the back , which is the computer ; a monitor , which is a small tv set without the usual buttons ; and a keyboard , which looks like an ordinary typewriter keyboard but , in many models sold today , has a number of [more] keys alongside those for the familiar alphanumeric characters .

It had doable , with the same definition and pronunciation given in those other dictionaries , with this additional definition , practicable .
it had doable , with the same definition and pronunciation given in those other dictionaries , with this [more] definition , practicable .

Here are two additional ones to the four examples Fowler gives that cause a reader to go down the wrong track in a sentence , ending in a sort of double-take :
here are two [more] ones to the four examples fowler gives that cause a reader to go down the wrong track in a sentence , ending in a sort of double-take :

I have an additional example of what he means .
i have an [more] example of what he means .

An interesting additional bit of information is buried in Bollard 's Preface , to wit :
an interesting [more] bit of information is buried in bollard 's preface , to wit :

This yields a string of entries , from Shreveport to Shrovetide , in which an additional pronunciation , labeled “ esp .
this yields a string of entries , from shreveport to shrovetide , in which an [more] pronunciation , labeled “ esp .

With time and additional resources we might begin to see the fight at the end of the tunnel , perhaps in ten to fifteen years .
with time and [more] resources we might begin to see the fight at the end of the tunnel , perhaps in ten to fifteen years .

The first nine volumes cover New England , Northeastern States , Southeast , South Central States , Southwestern States , Great Lakes States , Plains States , Mountain States , and Pacific ; the additional two volumes index all 1.5 million entries alphabetically and offer appendices with additional indexes .
the first nine volumes cover new england , northeastern states , southeast , south central states , southwestern states , great lakes states , plains states , mountain states , and pacific ; the [more] two volumes index all 1.5 million entries alphabetically and offer appendices with [more] indexes .

All of these can also be found in the best dictionary of American dialects : Frederic G. Cassidy and Joan Houston Hall 's Dictionary of American Regional English , including , as it happens , the same illustrative quotations used in Yankee Talk plus some additional ones .
all of these can also be found in the best dictionary of american dialects : frederic g. cassidy and joan houston hall 's dictionary of american regional english , including , as it happens , the same illustrative quotations used in yankee talk plus some [more] ones .

There are cultures in which one is still enough , but generally , with increases in population and refinements in civilization , there arose a need for additional designations to identify the members of a society .
there are cultures in which one is still enough , but generally , with increases in population and refinements in civilization , there arose a need for [more] designations to identify the members of a society .

The need for an additional personal name ( in Europe rather than “ generally , ’ and not before the tenth century ) arose more because of the spread of a particular kind of naming philosophy than an increase in population or a refinement in civilization .
the need for an [more] personal name ( in europe rather than “ generally , ’ and not before the tenth century ) arose more because of the spread of a particular kind of naming philosophy than an increase in population or a refinement in civilization .

For at least three hundred years the “ additional designations ’ that the Norman philosophy made necessary were not “ inherited family names , ’ but by-names , which applied only to those who bore them .
for at least three hundred years the “ [more] designations ’ that the norman philosophy made necessary were not “ inherited family names , ’ but by-names , which applied only to those who bore them .

What is more , additional ones are coming into use every day .
what is more , [more] ones are coming into use every day .

Sometimes , for additional clarity , kanbun writers will add the inflectional endings to the right of the line , using phonetic symbols called katakana :
sometimes , for [more] clarity , kanbun writers will add the inflectional endings to the right of the line , using phonetic symbols called katakana :

A word of caution , however : as with forming palindromes or anagrams in one 's head , it can become a mania more likely to promote insomnia as one searches for additional examples , more grist for the linguistic mill .
a word of caution , however : as with forming palindromes or anagrams in one 's head , it can become a mania more likely to promote insomnia as one searches for [more] examples , more grist for the linguistic mill .

Into this category fall three additional items which , because I never ordered them from the menu , I can not recommend—or even reliably identify : “ Steak Bites Teriyaki Sauce , ” “ Lunch of Junior , ” and “ Lady 's Salad with Whipped Cream. ” For me , all of these expressions convey a plucky willingness to learn a foreign language and to use it in everyday situations .
into this category fall three [more] items which , because i never ordered them from the menu , i can not recommend—or even reliably identify : “ steak bites teriyaki sauce , ” “ lunch of junior , ” and “ lady 's salad with whipped cream. ” for me , all of these expressions convey a plucky willingness to learn a foreign language and to use it in everyday situations .

There may also be additional examples which others might like to drop into this intriguing piggin of words .
there may also be [more] examples which others might like to drop into this intriguing piggin of words .

If today among civilians it has come to mean a go-getter or a standout , then it has undergone another permutation and that is just additional proof of the language 's dynamism .
if today among civilians it has come to mean a go-getter or a standout , then it has undergone another permutation and that is just [more] proof of the language 's dynamism .

Instead , the use is pure hyperbole intended to gain emphasis , but it often appears in contexts where no additional emphasis is necessary .
instead , the use is pure hyperbole intended to gain emphasis , but it often appears in contexts where no [more] emphasis is necessary .

For those who are unfamiliar with computers and the need for a word-processing package , I should explain that when you buy what is fondly call a “ personal ” computer , you get three pieces of equipment ( though they may be combined in some models or makes ) : a rectangular box with some slots in the front and sockets in the back , a monitor , which is nothing but a small TV set , and a keyboard , which looks like an ordinary typewriter keyboard but , in many models sold today , has a number of additional keys alongside those for the familiar alphanumeric characters : on mine , nestled among some control keys on the right side is what is called a “ number pad , ” which resembles the key arrangement one sees on a small adding machine or calculator ; on the left side is a double bank of five keys marked “ F1 ” through “ F10 ” which , when pressed alone or in combination with another key , perform certain functions , some of which are useful , others of which are evidently thought useful by the manufacturer but which I never use .
for those who are unfamiliar with computers and the need for a word-processing package , i should explain that when you buy what is fondly call a “ personal ” computer , you get three pieces of equipment ( though they may be combined in some models or makes ) : a rectangular box with some slots in the front and sockets in the back , a monitor , which is nothing but a small tv set , and a keyboard , which looks like an ordinary typewriter keyboard but , in many models sold today , has a number of [more] keys alongside those for the familiar alphanumeric characters : on mine , nestled among some control keys on the right side is what is called a “ number pad , ” which resembles the key arrangement one sees on a small adding machine or calculator ; on the left side is a double bank of five keys marked “ f1 ” through “ f10 ” which , when pressed alone or in combination with another key , perform certain functions , some of which are useful , others of which are evidently thought useful by the manufacturer but which i never use .

For readers of the language whose mother tongue is Hebrew , English brings an additional challenge , learning a new alef bet Alphabet with its accompanying new rules .
for readers of the language whose mother tongue is hebrew , english brings an [more] challenge , learning a new alef bet alphabet with its accompanying new rules .

If the recipient of a message ( such as the reader of text ) is able to predict the next word before seeing it , the word is apparently not conveying any additional information .
if the recipient of a message ( such as the reader of text ) is able to predict the next word before seeing it , the word is apparently not conveying any [more] information .

I doubt that it is accurate to define gunsel as a ` callow youth , ' a sense that probably rubbed off from the character played by Elisha Cook , Jr. in The Maltese Falcon : though he was referred to ( by Bogart , as I recall ) as a ` punk ' and ` gunsel ' and was portrayed as ineffectual , that does not justify a transferred definition : gunsel , probably from Yiddish , is a less common , old-fashioned term for ` gunman , body guard , torpedo , hit man , ' and the like , simply a ` criminal who carries a gun , ' and needs no ( additional ) pejorative treatment .
i doubt that it is accurate to define gunsel as a ` callow youth , ' a sense that probably rubbed off from the character played by elisha cook , jr. in the maltese falcon : though he was referred to ( by bogart , as i recall ) as a ` punk ' and ` gunsel ' and was portrayed as ineffectual , that does not justify a transferred definition : gunsel , probably from yiddish , is a less common , old-fashioned term for ` gunman , body guard , torpedo , hit man , ' and the like , simply a ` criminal who carries a gun , ' and needs no ( [more] ) pejorative treatment .

A careful estimate indicates that the TBDNE contains about 9,000 headwords with an additional 2,000 or so other entry words ; of these 11,000 or so entries , some 2,300 ( about 21 % ) are phrasal .
a careful estimate indicates that the tbdne contains about 9,000 headwords with an [more] 2,000 or so other entry words ; of these 11,000 or so entries , some 2,300 ( about 21 % ) are phrasal .

The citational style has been tightened , undoubtedly to create space for additional entries .
the citational style has been tightened , undoubtedly to create space for [more] entries .

