The seasonal adjustment takes into account such factors as Easter was on April 2 this year , two weeks earlier than in 1960 , and pre-Easter buying was pushed into March .
the seasonal [change] takes into account such factors as easter was on april 2 this year , two weeks earlier than in 1960 , and pre-easter buying was pushed into march .

Hoped-for legislative action on adjustment of the county unit system stands less chance than ever .
hoped-for legislative action on [change] of the county unit system stands less chance than ever .

The only original works attempting to reach any stature : Tennessee Williams' disappointing domestic comedy , Period Of Adjustment , and Arthur Laurents' clever but empty Invitation To A March .
the only original works attempting to reach any stature : tennessee williams' disappointing domestic comedy , period of [change] , and arthur laurents' clever but empty invitation to a march .

It will continue to be important as a means of orientation to the Negro , seeking to become urbanized , as he tries to make adjustment to the urban life .
it will continue to be important as a means of orientation to the negro , seeking to become urbanized , as he tries to make [change] to the urban life .

But Keys worries that the Metrecal drinker will never make either the psychological or physiological adjustment to the idea of eating smaller portions of food .
but keys worries that the metrecal drinker will never make either the psychological or physiological [change] to the idea of eating smaller portions of food .

`` The important point is that both be satisfied with the adjustment '' .
`` the important point is that both be satisfied with the [change] '' .

During the first few days of wearing the appliance and immediately following each adjustment , Susan may have a slight discomfort or soreness , but after a short time this will disappear .
during the first few days of wearing the appliance and immediately following each [change] , susan may have a slight discomfort or soreness , but after a short time this will disappear .

The first thing to do is get her some money by a temporary but definite adjustment pending a final disposition of the case .
the first thing to do is get her some money by a temporary but definite [change] pending a final disposition of the case .

But his concentration on personalities and his categorical assessment of their actions fail to convey the political complexities of a long generation harassed by world-wide war and confronted with the problem of adjustment to an unprecedented industrial and social transformation .
but his concentration on personalities and his categorical assessment of their actions fail to convey the political complexities of a long generation harassed by world-wide war and confronted with the problem of [change] to an unprecedented industrial and social transformation .

Read , for instance , in Malcolm MacDonald's Borneo People of Segura and her wise father Tomonggong Koh , and her final adjustment to encroaching civilization .
read , for instance , in malcolm macdonald's borneo people of segura and her wise father tomonggong koh , and her final [change] to encroaching civilization .

Other conceivable goals , such as character-education and social adjustment , are of secondary importance to them .
other conceivable goals , such as character-education and social [change] , are of secondary importance to them .

The selective and directional qualities of basic value-orientations are clearly evident in these data : the `` success-oriented '' students choose vocational preparation , the `` other-directed '' choose goals of social adjustment ( `` getting along with people '' ) , the `` intellectuals '' choose a liberal arts emphasis .
the selective and directional qualities of basic value-orientations are clearly evident in these data : the `` success-oriented '' students choose vocational preparation , the `` other-directed '' choose goals of social [change] ( `` getting along with people '' ) , the `` intellectuals '' choose a liberal arts emphasis .

At the same time , a major proportion of these young men and women see religion as a means of personal adjustment , an anchor for family life , a source of emotional security .
at the same time , a major proportion of these young men and women see religion as a means of personal [change] , an anchor for family life , a source of emotional security .

The `` cult of adjustment '' does exist .
the `` cult of [change] '' does exist .

No adjustment needed .
no [change] needed .

Adjustment of fiscal year .
[change] of fiscal year .

One town and one city , Coventry and East Providence , require an adjustment of their fiscal year only .
one town and one city , coventry and east providence , require an [change] of their fiscal year only .

Adjustment of tax collection year .
[change] of tax collection year .

The adjustment to a uniform and coordinated fiscal period could be accomplished relatively easily for them .
the [change] to a uniform and coordinated fiscal period could be accomplished relatively easily for them .

Assuming an adjustment to the July 1 to June 30 fiscal year , the required adjustment of the tax collection years and the towns involved are shown in Table 3 .
assuming an [change] to the july 1 to june 30 fiscal year , the required [change] of the tax collection years and the towns involved are shown in table 3 .

Aside from the matter of adjusting the fiscal and tax calendars , there is the problem of financing the adjustment when this is necessary .
aside from the matter of adjusting the fiscal and tax calendars , there is the problem of financing the [change] when this is necessary .

The financial problem , where it exists , usually stems from the adoption of a budget for the transitional or adjustment period .
the financial problem , where it exists , usually stems from the adoption of a budget for the transitional or [change] period .

Approximately 40 percent of the value of the work on roads for access to timber which are planned for this period will be constructed by purchasers of National Forest timber , but paid for by the Government through adjustment of stumpage prices .
approximately 40 percent of the value of the work on roads for access to timber which are planned for this period will be constructed by purchasers of national forest timber , but paid for by the government through [change] of stumpage prices .

Land adjustment , land purchase , land use
land [change] , land purchase , land use

Not until the group was satisfied in this area were they willing to venture further to ( 2 ) , Specific adjustment areas , such as sex , in-laws , religion , finance , and so on .
not until the group was satisfied in this area were they willing to venture further to ( 2 ) , specific [change] areas , such as sex , in-laws , religion , finance , and so on .

Since her bereavement this individual has reported to the writer on numerous occasions about how helpful the class discussions were to her in this adjustment crisis .
since her bereavement this individual has reported to the writer on numerous occasions about how helpful the class discussions were to her in this [change] crisis .

Both sexes reported that the discussions on sex adjustment within marriage were extremely enlightening .
both sexes reported that the discussions on sex [change] within marriage were extremely enlightening .

For internal political reasons , the union asks for ( and accepts ) increases in the basic wage rate , and would vigorously oppose a reduction in this rate , but the adjustment of the basic wage rate upwards is essentially up to the discretion of the companies of the industry .
for internal political reasons , the union asks for ( and accepts ) increases in the basic wage rate , and would vigorously oppose a reduction in this rate , but the [change] of the basic wage rate upwards is essentially up to the discretion of the companies of the industry .

`` The resources of equity are equal to an adjustment that will avoid the waste of a tentative decision as well as the friction of a premature constitutional adjudication '' .
`` the resources of equity are equal to an [change] that will avoid the waste of a tentative decision as well as the friction of a premature constitutional adjudication '' .

It is apparent , therefore , that the teacher needs to know what factors have a vital bearing on the learning and adjustment of children .
it is apparent , therefore , that the teacher needs to know what factors have a vital bearing on the learning and [change] of children .

Or should we argue that if we want adjustment of children to children of different races and that that is impossible in an all-something-or-the-other school , we must at least provide him some opportunity to adjust to people of another race within the school -- namely , to a teacher of another race .
or should we argue that if we want [change] of children to children of different races and that that is impossible in an all-something-or-the-other school , we must at least provide him some opportunity to adjust to people of another race within the school -- namely , to a teacher of another race .

A number of adjustment features are included in the Hesiometer to facilitate measurement and permit ready removal of coatings deposited on such substrates as iron and other metals , glass , wood , and plastic surfaces .
a number of [change] features are included in the hesiometer to facilitate measurement and permit ready removal of coatings deposited on such substrates as iron and other metals , glass , wood , and plastic surfaces .

An electrostatic system suffers generally from image plane curvature leading to defocusing in the peripheral image region if a flat viewing screen ( or interstage coupler ) is utilized , while a magnetic system requires accurate adjustment of the solenoid , which is heavy and bulky .
an electrostatic system suffers generally from image plane curvature leading to defocusing in the peripheral image region if a flat viewing screen ( or interstage coupler ) is utilized , while a magnetic system requires accurate [change] of the solenoid , which is heavy and bulky .

The cylindrical focusing electrode permits adjustment of the positive lens part by varying the focusing potential .
the cylindrical focusing electrode permits [change] of the positive lens part by varying the focusing potential .

In fact , there 's an adjustment on those is n't there that enables you to slide them forward is n't there ?
in fact , there 's an [change] on those is n't there that enables you to slide them forward is n't there ?

well the slight adjustment so to get it , get it right , that 's what you 're paid for and he 's , that 's where he was , that 's where he was brought up in the trade , and he could take a piece of cloth in his hands , he had rolls of cloth , and he said that was made such a way , the quality of this cloth is because and that
well the slight [change] so to get it , get it right , that 's what you 're paid for and he 's , that 's where he was , that 's where he was brought up in the trade , and he could take a piece of cloth in his hands , he had rolls of cloth , and he said that was made such a way , the quality of this cloth is because and that

He added that the alternative system suggested , through planning applications , would only need minor adjustment to planning requirements .
he added that the alternative system suggested , through planning applications , would only need minor [change] to planning requirements .

But an adjustment on the sale of the Aberdeen site and a further loss on the disposal of another site in Southampton pushed interim results for the six months to end-June into losses of £4.43 million .
but an [change] on the sale of the aberdeen site and a further loss on the disposal of another site in southampton pushed interim results for the six months to end-june into losses of £4.43 million .

There was a cash adjustment in Coventry 's favour and both players are expected to play for their new clubs tonight .
there was a cash [change] in coventry 's favour and both players are expected to play for their new clubs tonight .

But since the private sector will then bring its normal retirement ages into line , this will involve complex adjustment of pension rights for everyone in work .
but since the private sector will then bring its normal retirement ages into line , this will involve complex [change] of pension rights for everyone in work .

10 ) a ) Lateral adjustment lever .
10 ) a ) lateral [change] lever .

Furthermore , the Treasury bill may have to be sold for liquidity adjustment purposes .
furthermore , the treasury bill may have to be sold for liquidity [change] purposes .

Due to this a small adjustment , downwards , in the price occurs , to compensate for the dealer being short of funds .
due to this a small [change] , downwards , in the price occurs , to compensate for the dealer being short of funds .

In a closed economy with no government sector where no money either enters or leaves the system it would be possible for total liquidity adjustment between banks to occur in such a way .
in a closed economy with no government sector where no money either enters or leaves the system it would be possible for total liquidity [change] between banks to occur in such a way .

Figure 9.5 Liquidity Adjustment , Closed Economy
figure 9.5 liquidity [change] , closed economy

Figure 9.6 Liquidity Adjustment , Open Economy
figure 9.6 liquidity [change] , open economy

Even within an open economy , with a government sector , a certain amount of liquidity adjustment can be made between over and under liquid banks in the system .
even within an open economy , with a government sector , a certain amount of liquidity [change] can be made between over and under liquid banks in the system .

In this fashion a partial adjustment can always occur .
in this fashion a partial [change] can always occur .

Adjustment to full employment could in principle occur without any tendency towards inflation .
[change] to full employment could in principle occur without any tendency towards inflation .

The feverish character of the mini-boom hardly augured smooth adjustment .
the feverish character of the mini-boom hardly augured smooth [change] .

That adjustment has not been without its advantages , in fact .
that [change] has not been without its advantages , in fact .

Well they they will continue , but there will be an adjustment now to the charging of the school meals , because the joint budget did provide for another two hundred and fifty five thousand income for that reason , and erm the savings
well they they will continue , but there will be an [change] now to the charging of the school meals , because the joint budget did provide for another two hundred and fifty five thousand income for that reason , and erm the savings

Added features include seat and steering wheel height adjustment .
added features include seat and steering wheel height [change] .

In the former case , we need make no adjustment but the figures are renamed domestic product , income and expenditure .
in the former case , we need make no [change] but the figures are renamed domestic product , income and expenditure .

First , a further adjustment is necessary to convert the figures to the same currency using a rate of exchange .
first , a further [change] is necessary to convert the figures to the same currency using a rate of exchange .

price adjustment
price [change]

quantity adjustment
quantity [change]

We have already closed sites which have become yesterday 's plants serving yesterday 's needs and we 'll keep looking for other areas of adjustment .
we have already closed sites which have become yesterday 's plants serving yesterday 's needs and we 'll keep looking for other areas of [change] .

As the children complete their Primary School education it is important for us to look to the continuity of their education into the Senior School , particularly in relation to the 5–14 Programme and to their personal adjustment .
as the children complete their primary school education it is important for us to look to the continuity of their education into the senior school , particularly in relation to the 5–14 programme and to their personal [change] .

It is more convenient to balance a bridge by adjustment of a calibrated variable resistor than by adjustment of a calibrated variable capacitor .
it is more convenient to balance a bridge by [change] of a calibrated variable resistor than by [change] of a calibrated variable capacitor .

The P-bridge is the very essence of simplicity , being a face-mounted plate of thin chrome-plated steel , upon which sit a pair of saddle barrels , each carrying two strings and offering intonation adjustment via two , tail-mounted screws , and height adjustment via threaded adjusters .
the p-bridge is the very essence of simplicity , being a face-mounted plate of thin chrome-plated steel , upon which sit a pair of saddle barrels , each carrying two strings and offering intonation [change] via two , tail-mounted screws , and height [change] via threaded adjusters .

There are various devices on the market to help solve this problem , and the Basingstoke-based Award Design company have produced the Quad-FX , which not only mixes and balances effects in parallel ( in effect , each one goes in individually , not one behind the other ) , but will also make all your processors and stomp boxes compatible , and offers adjustment of the input and output levels so each unit lines up individually with your amp 's effects loop .
there are various devices on the market to help solve this problem , and the basingstoke-based award design company have produced the quad-fx , which not only mixes and balances effects in parallel ( in effect , each one goes in individually , not one behind the other ) , but will also make all your processors and stomp boxes compatible , and offers [change] of the input and output levels so each unit lines up individually with your amp 's effects loop .

This features plus or minus adjustment from the unity gain ( straight signal level ) point , with a peak indicator and a sensitivity button to increase the signal coming into the Quad-FX from low level processors or instruments .
this features plus or minus [change] from the unity gain ( straight signal level ) point , with a peak indicator and a sensitivity button to increase the signal coming into the quad-fx from low level processors or instruments .

The neck has just the right amount of forward relief , and needs no adjustment to the truss rod .
the neck has just the right amount of forward relief , and needs no [change] to the truss rod .

Truss-rod adjustment lives under the traditionally-situated cover above the nut , and offers full dual-action flexibility .
truss-rod [change] lives under the traditionally-situated cover above the nut , and offers full dual-action flexibility .

— each guitar is stood in a climate-controlled room for three days before final setup and adjustment .
— each guitar is stood in a climate-controlled room for three days before final setup and [change] .

This settling period ensures that the necks get used to the tension of strings before their final truss rod adjustment .
this settling period ensures that the necks get used to the tension of strings before their final truss rod [change] .

Changing from .009″s to .010″s is fine and may not require truss adjustment ; using anything heavier would require the instrument to be set up and re-intonated , but no long-term damage should be sustained .
changing from .009″s to .010″s is fine and may not require truss [change] ; using anything heavier would require the instrument to be set up and re-intonated , but no long-term damage should be sustained .

These screws are for overall height adjustment purposes only and should only be touched if the desired action height is out of range for the individual saddle height screws .
these screws are for overall height [change] purposes only and should only be touched if the desired action height is out of range for the individual saddle height screws .

If this is the case , the adjustment is best made with the strings slackened so as to reduce the possibility of damaging the knife edges on the bridgeplate .
if this is the case , the [change] is best made with the strings slackened so as to reduce the possibility of damaging the knife edges on the bridgeplate .

The large headstock is in keeping with traditional Vox styling , although this means truss rod adjustment is achieved from the other end of the neck .
the large headstock is in keeping with traditional vox styling , although this means truss rod [change] is achieved from the other end of the neck .

Any adjustment means removing the neck to achieve it .
any [change] means removing the neck to achieve it .

The saddles are possessed of full three-way adjustment , so all that 's required for setting up is there .
the saddles are possessed of full three-way [change] , so all that 's required for setting up is there .

But there was soon a limit to this process of adjustment : once perfection had been reached they were vulnerable to changes in habitat .
but there was soon a limit to this process of [change] : once perfection had been reached they were vulnerable to changes in habitat .

Pedulla now incorporate a dual-action truss rod design , which provides for neck adjustment in both directions .
pedulla now incorporate a dual-action truss rod design , which provides for neck [change] in both directions .

The truss rod is accessed from this end of the neck and so the fretboard extending in this way means that the truss rod is either neatly tucked away , or a pain to get to for adjustment 's sake , depending on how you view the situation .
the truss rod is accessed from this end of the neck and so the fretboard extending in this way means that the truss rod is either neatly tucked away , or a pain to get to for [change] 's sake , depending on how you view the situation .

Although he felt under pressure — Dustin is an actor who always commits himself totally to what he is doing — he enjoyed having to make the adjustment from Jimmy to John and back again .
although he felt under pressure — dustin is an actor who always commits himself totally to what he is doing — he enjoyed having to make the [change] from jimmy to john and back again .

It thus came about that , during the process of a boy 's adjustment to public school , two very powerful and not very compatible needs — the need for power and the need for love — were grossly stimulated , in an environment where their satisfaction could not easily be assigned to the usual separate compartments of life .
it thus came about that , during the process of a boy 's [change] to public school , two very powerful and not very compatible needs — the need for power and the need for love — were grossly stimulated , in an environment where their satisfaction could not easily be assigned to the usual separate compartments of life .

The following story shows how a small adjustment can make a big difference .
the following story shows how a small [change] can make a big difference .

Regular partial water changes are needed ( with salts adjustment , of course ) .
regular partial water changes are needed ( with salts [change] , of course ) .

Allen-key truss rod adjustment lives up here , too , under the ‘ Bass Collection ’ embossed plastic cover .
allen-key truss rod [change] lives up here , too , under the ‘ bass collection ’ embossed plastic cover .

The raked-back headstock is scarfed-on behind the first fret , in keeping with the price category of the bass , but the use of Gotoh machines provides a classy finishing touch and makes adjustment positive and easy .
the raked-back headstock is scarfed-on behind the first fret , in keeping with the price category of the bass , but the use of gotoh machines provides a classy finishing touch and makes [change] positive and easy .

Action adjustment on the ebony bridge is via two ribbed height adjusting wheels .
action [change] on the ebony bridge is via two ribbed height adjusting wheels .

Aluminium , though usefully strong and light , is not very resilient to the resulting shear forces from this situation , so do n't overdo it with the adjustment ; if it shears , then it is down to major surgery to remove it .
aluminium , though usefully strong and light , is not very resilient to the resulting shear forces from this situation , so do n't overdo it with the [change] ; if it shears , then it is down to major surgery to remove it .

To get more adjustment , the trick is to slacken the truss rod right off , then turn the bass upside down , and , gently tapping the headstock on a flat surface if necessary , drop the truss rod out .
to get more [change] , the trick is to slacken the truss rod right off , then turn the bass upside down , and , gently tapping the headstock on a flat surface if necessary , drop the truss rod out .

After turning it through 180 degrees , re-install it to give increased adjustment capability in the required direction .
after turning it through 180 degrees , re-install it to give increased [change] capability in the required direction .

As the son of new immigrants , he has experienced his own share of cultural adjustment , a point that 's easily forgotten .
as the son of new immigrants , he has experienced his own share of cultural [change] , a point that 's easily forgotten .

The 30-year-old striker became big-spending Trevor Francis ’ latest recruit when he completed a swap deal that took Paul Williams and a £375,000 cash adjustment to Crystal Palace .
the 30-year-old striker became big-spending trevor francis ’ latest recruit when he completed a swap deal that took paul williams and a £375,000 cash [change] to crystal palace .

Although this sounds obvious , it is quite remarkable how many returning nurses remark on the problems of adjustment they encounter once the initial ‘ honeymoon ’ period of returning is over .
although this sounds obvious , it is quite remarkable how many returning nurses remark on the problems of [change] they encounter once the initial ‘ honeymoon ’ period of returning is over .

soft padded back with no frame ; sewn-in , well-padded shoulder harness with tension adjustment straps ; simple sewn in padded hip belt with lumbar pad and side tension straps .
soft padded back with no frame ; sewn-in , well-padded shoulder harness with tension [change] straps ; simple sewn in padded hip belt with lumbar pad and side tension straps .

One niggle was that the ends of the shoulder harness adjustment straps were unfinished — if you were n't careful the strap ran right through the buckle .
one niggle was that the ends of the shoulder harness [change] straps were unfinished — if you were n't careful the strap ran right through the buckle .

The rucksack incorporates Lowe 's Paralux adjustable back system which gives four levels of adjustment to fit your back size .
the rucksack incorporates lowe 's paralux adjustable back system which gives four levels of [change] to fit your back size .

Straps on harnesses should be long enough to give good adjustment , but not so long that the ends dangle !
straps on harnesses should be long enough to give good [change] , but not so long that the ends dangle !

Top tension straps , or lift straps as they are often called , help to give fine adjustment to the fit of the rucksack on your back .
top tension straps , or lift straps as they are often called , help to give fine [change] to the fit of the rucksack on your back .

All shoulder slings have some adjustment and some harnesses are adjustable to suit back length .
all shoulder slings have some [change] and some harnesses are adjustable to suit back length .

Lift straps : small straps at top of shoulder slings for fine adjustment to load carrying .
lift straps : small straps at top of shoulder slings for fine [change] to load carrying .

Pockets : two open side pockets , two zipped side pockets with bellows adjustment poppers , two zipped back pockets .
pockets : two open side pockets , two zipped side pockets with bellows [change] poppers , two zipped back pockets .

Design : a convertible rucksack/suitcase with a Quick Adjustment back system and padded hip belt .
design : a convertible rucksack/suitcase with a quick [change] back system and padded hip belt .

An accurate account would have to have regard to all those instances where a remedy has been accorded by a state party simply to forestall a successful application and to those cases , also , where breach had been avoided in the first place by reason of adjustment of procedures so as to ensure compliance with the Convention .
an accurate account would have to have regard to all those instances where a remedy has been accorded by a state party simply to forestall a successful application and to those cases , also , where breach had been avoided in the first place by reason of [change] of procedures so as to ensure compliance with the convention .

If you are caring for an elderly parent who is at some stage of grieving for a lost partner , whether she is experiencing the shattering despair that follows soon after bereavement , or the long sad loneliness and feeling of deprivation characteristic of its later stages , her deepest need will be for your practical and emotional support during her period of sorrow and adjustment .
if you are caring for an elderly parent who is at some stage of grieving for a lost partner , whether she is experiencing the shattering despair that follows soon after bereavement , or the long sad loneliness and feeling of deprivation characteristic of its later stages , her deepest need will be for your practical and emotional support during her period of sorrow and [change] .

Grief is not only a reaction , though , it is a process , so your bereaved parent will need your help through all its various stages of numbness , yearning , quiet or vocal distress , anxiety , depression and adjustment to her new situation ; and the way she behaves during the grief process will depend very much on her personality type , her previous life experiences and the strength of the tie that has been severed , as well as the amount of support you can give her .
grief is not only a reaction , though , it is a process , so your bereaved parent will need your help through all its various stages of numbness , yearning , quiet or vocal distress , anxiety , depression and [change] to her new situation ; and the way she behaves during the grief process will depend very much on her personality type , her previous life experiences and the strength of the tie that has been severed , as well as the amount of support you can give her .

This may make her feel that society regards her as a second-class widow , and you may need to help those who come into contact with her to understand how important it is going to be for her future adjustment for them to treat her just as they would any other bereaved person .
this may make her feel that society regards her as a second-class widow , and you may need to help those who come into contact with her to understand how important it is going to be for her future [change] for them to treat her just as they would any other bereaved person .

If , of course , her grief becomes prolonged and it seems that she is making no headway towards adjustment , it will be advisable for her to see her doctor , but this rarely happens .
if , of course , her grief becomes prolonged and it seems that she is making no headway towards [change] , it will be advisable for her to see her doctor , but this rarely happens .

Helping an elderly parent through her sorrow can be a long , hard haul , but very rewarding in the end — not only in terms of her recovery , but also because , if you find yourself in the same position in later years , you will look back on this experience you shared with her and find that it has left you with a far deeper understanding of grief , and a greater confidence in the healing power of time to see you through your own period of adjustment to loss .
helping an elderly parent through her sorrow can be a long , hard haul , but very rewarding in the end — not only in terms of her recovery , but also because , if you find yourself in the same position in later years , you will look back on this experience you shared with her and find that it has left you with a far deeper understanding of grief , and a greater confidence in the healing power of time to see you through your own period of [change] to loss .

The Department of Health and Social Security should be notified immediately of your parent 's admission to hospital so that the appropriate adjustment to his or her State pension or other State benefits or allowances can be made , but the pension book should be retained .
the department of health and social security should be notified immediately of your parent 's admission to hospital so that the appropriate [change] to his or her state pension or other state benefits or allowances can be made , but the pension book should be retained .

The departure from her old home and her arrival in her new one will be a tremendous double adjustment for her to make , so you should try to give it a sense of occasion .
the departure from her old home and her arrival in her new one will be a tremendous double [change] for her to make , so you should try to give it a sense of occasion .

Woods has outlined some of the constraints that appear to induce survival-based patterns of teaching in the secondary school system — the raising of the school-leaving age ( to which we would now add growing youth unemployment ) , which encourages staying-on among those not otherwise especially enamoured of their school experience ; the persistence and extension of 16+ examinations against which teachers ' own success will be judged ( more of this later ) ; continuing high levels of class size and teacher-pupil ratios that make individualized treatment and small-group work difficult ; and declining levels of resources , which make experimentation and adjustment of learning tasks to individual needs problematic and leave teachers in the position of having to rely on their own personal resources for managing the class .
woods has outlined some of the constraints that appear to induce survival-based patterns of teaching in the secondary school system — the raising of the school-leaving age ( to which we would now add growing youth unemployment ) , which encourages staying-on among those not otherwise especially enamoured of their school experience ; the persistence and extension of 16+ examinations against which teachers ' own success will be judged ( more of this later ) ; continuing high levels of class size and teacher-pupil ratios that make individualized treatment and small-group work difficult ; and declining levels of resources , which make experimentation and [change] of learning tasks to individual needs problematic and leave teachers in the position of having to rely on their own personal resources for managing the class .

We may need to look , therefore , at adaptation in various ways , not only adjustment to general social norms but also to deviant and unorthodox sub-cultures as well as to self-aspirations and family wishes .
we may need to look , therefore , at adaptation in various ways , not only [change] to general social norms but also to deviant and unorthodox sub-cultures as well as to self-aspirations and family wishes .

For many thousands of children experiencing actual separation and the consequences of divorce of their parents , it is likely to be a continuous process of change and adjustment and of considerable anxiety as their parents try to resolve the different stages identified above .
for many thousands of children experiencing actual separation and the consequences of divorce of their parents , it is likely to be a continuous process of change and [change] and of considerable anxiety as their parents try to resolve the different stages identified above .

Furthermore , the convertibility crisis appears now to have been predominantly a problem of financial adjustment rather than one stemming from a crisis in world trade ( see Chapter 6 ) .
furthermore , the convertibility crisis appears now to have been predominantly a problem of financial [change] rather than one stemming from a crisis in world trade ( see chapter 6 ) .

Many of the prescriptions were congenial to the tight hand and narrow intelligence of the Treasury because they laid stress on fiscal policy and underwrote macroeconomic adjustment as against any form of microeconomic planning or direction .
many of the prescriptions were congenial to the tight hand and narrow intelligence of the treasury because they laid stress on fiscal policy and underwrote macroeconomic [change] as against any form of microeconomic planning or direction .

In fairness to Keynes , he had argued for a much wider , multilateral system than was in fact agreed , though even this involved the assumption that Britain would not face a dollar problem after the immediate postwar financial adjustment [ Keynes , 1946 ] .
in fairness to keynes , he had argued for a much wider , multilateral system than was in fact agreed , though even this involved the assumption that britain would not face a dollar problem after the immediate postwar financial [change] [ keynes , 1946 ] .

The basic problem , as recent analysis has shown , was one of long-term adjustment of the dollar in relation to the pound and other major currencies .
the basic problem , as recent analysis has shown , was one of long-term [change] of the dollar in relation to the pound and other major currencies .

The adjustment mechanisms are assumed to operate smoothly as the new opportunities are grasped .
the [change] mechanisms are assumed to operate smoothly as the new opportunities are grasped .

In the light of industry 's past performance such adjustment does not seem likely .
in the light of industry 's past performance such [change] does not seem likely .

all manual controls and cassette compartment are covered to prevent adjustment by customers or staff and insures a permanent trouble free presentation .
all manual controls and cassette compartment are covered to prevent [change] by customers or staff and insures a permanent trouble free presentation .

The high human cost of the 1980 adjustment policies are assessed .
the high human cost of the 1980 [change] policies are assessed .

The volume emphasises that adjustment without growth and human development is unacceptable and counter-productive and proposes possible alternatives .
the volume emphasises that [change] without growth and human development is unacceptable and counter-productive and proposes possible alternatives .

In this volume the impact of the adjustment process in the 1980s on the employment conditions of public service employees are examined .
in this volume the impact of the [change] process in the 1980s on the employment conditions of public service employees are examined .

Be that as it may , millions of old people make the necessary adjustment .
be that as it may , millions of old people make the necessary [change] .

An adjustment of this kind would serve to promote recovery , and it should also go some way to reassure international opinion .
an [change] of this kind would serve to promote recovery , and it should also go some way to reassure international opinion .

Most basic sets also now include a means of adjusting the extremes of the pitch channel range ( ‘ End Point ’ adjustment ) .
most basic sets also now include a means of adjusting the extremes of the pitch channel range ( ‘ end point ’ [change] ) .

More complex — and expensive — sets will have end point adjustment on all channels , complex ‘ tailoring ’ of the pitch and throttle channel movement , including two ‘ idle up ’ settings with different pitch ranges , various combinations of mixing and coupling aimed at making the model easier to fly and suitable for contest requirements , etc .
more complex — and expensive — sets will have end point [change] on all channels , complex ‘ tailoring ’ of the pitch and throttle channel movement , including two ‘ idle up ’ settings with different pitch ranges , various combinations of mixing and coupling aimed at making the model easier to fly and suitable for contest requirements , etc .

The mechanical linkage is set to give a very large control range which is then reduced to manageable proportions by means of the transmitter throw adjustment .
the mechanical linkage is set to give a very large control range which is then reduced to manageable proportions by means of the transmitter throw [change] .

Both of these situations lead to the conclusion that the gyro is inadequate for its purpose , whereas the real problem lies in the adjustment of the model 's control linkage .
both of these situations lead to the conclusion that the gyro is inadequate for its purpose , whereas the real problem lies in the [change] of the model 's control linkage .

This one point alone has almost certainly caused many novice flyers to struggle on with an unmanageable model which could easily be completely transformed by correct adjustment .
this one point alone has almost certainly caused many novice flyers to struggle on with an unmanageable model which could easily be completely transformed by correct [change] .

Here again , the more advanced radios cater for this situation by incorporating a separate low pitch adjustment associated with the ‘ idle up 2 ’ function .
here again , the more advanced radios cater for this situation by incorporating a separate low pitch [change] associated with the ‘ idle up 2 ’ function .

Normally , any limiting adjustment which may have been made to the amount of positive pitch available will be overridden by this control .
normally , any limiting [change] which may have been made to the amount of positive pitch available will be overridden by this control .

In their view the economy has the capacity to adjust to technological changes and maintain full employment , though some government action may be needed in order to aid the adjustment process .
in their view the economy has the capacity to adjust to technological changes and maintain full employment , though some government action may be needed in order to aid the [change] process .

Make a power adjustment with ice on these and chunks will break off , getting sucked into the compressors to the accompaniment of loud and expensive pops and bangs .
make a power [change] with ice on these and chunks will break off , getting sucked into the compressors to the accompaniment of loud and expensive pops and bangs .

Secure the bridle adjustment with a half-hitch to form a small loop .
secure the bridle [change] with a half-hitch to form a small loop .

Trimming a basic single line kite by bridle adjustment to adjust the angle of attack is dependent on the wind strength of the day .
trimming a basic single line kite by bridle [change] to adjust the angle of attack is dependent on the wind strength of the day .

In the case of the Hexagon , you 'll have three legs provided , but one of the delights of this shape is that only rarely does it need bridle adjustment .
in the case of the hexagon , you 'll have three legs provided , but one of the delights of this shape is that only rarely does it need bridle [change] .

They are tolerant in their bridle adjustment ( as distinct from the sophisticated 110 degree , swept-delta steerables to be found in Chapter Eight ) , and the newcomer is unlikely ever to require to alter the settings of the rings on the bridle legs .
they are tolerant in their bridle [change] ( as distinct from the sophisticated 110 degree , swept-delta steerables to be found in chapter eight ) , and the newcomer is unlikely ever to require to alter the settings of the rings on the bridle legs .

The machine manual should go into detail on this but Pat 's sketch shows the two possibilities for going wrong , and explains the correct way with notes on adjustment for a typical domestic machine .
the machine manual should go into detail on this but pat 's sketch shows the two possibilities for going wrong , and explains the correct way with notes on [change] for a typical domestic machine .

Using a polyester line without sleeving allows easy adjustment by re-tying the knot after shortening a line or , in the case of minor differences , adding an overhand knot or two to take up a couple of centimetres .
using a polyester line without sleeving allows easy [change] by re-tying the knot after shortening a line or , in the case of minor differences , adding an overhand knot or two to take up a couple of centimetres .

Apart from the satisfaction of being able to combine the handles and hold an otherwise very lively stunt kite up there in reasonably static position , the technique is the best way of finding out exactly how much adjustment is needed .
apart from the satisfaction of being able to combine the handles and hold an otherwise very lively stunt kite up there in reasonably static position , the technique is the best way of finding out exactly how much [change] is needed .

The serious aerial photographer will be looking for adjustment through vertical and horizontal axes so that the field of view is precise .
the serious aerial photographer will be looking for [change] through vertical and horizontal axes so that the field of view is precise .

The objective must be to keep it simple , yet allow adjustment for up and down inclination of the camera and rotary motion .
the objective must be to keep it simple , yet allow [change] for up and down inclination of the camera and rotary motion .

Adjustment of the two axes , even by radio control , in the air will not guarantee precision unless the flyer takes time to consider the camera angles .
[change] of the two axes , even by radio control , in the air will not guarantee precision unless the flyer takes time to consider the camera angles .

Using a Lark 's Head knot for adjustment , the ring on this connecting bridle line then links to the flying line via a strong clip and another swivel . Spare connecting bridles are always carried !
using a lark 's head knot for [change] , the ring on this connecting bridle line then links to the flying line via a strong clip and another swivel . spare connecting bridles are always carried !

The other adjustment is in those tensioner bows .
the other [change] is in those tensioner bows .

With all the pieces in place , we suggest that the bridle should now claim full attention as its symmetry and adjustment will be critical for best performance .
with all the pieces in place , we suggest that the bridle should now claim full attention as its symmetry and [change] will be critical for best performance .

Carbon fibre tubes have cured much of this ; but the fourth bridle line is used on larger sport kites even though it requires accurate adjustment to balance with the other lines .
carbon fibre tubes have cured much of this ; but the fourth bridle line is used on larger sport kites even though it requires accurate [change] to balance with the other lines .

Lark 's Head adjustment
lark 's head [change]

To be able to perform a full schedule of aerobatics in a range of winds from 8 to 40 km/h ( 5–25mph ) , some bridle adjustment is essential for ‘ tuning ’ .
to be able to perform a full schedule of aerobatics in a range of winds from 8 to 40 km/h ( 5–25mph ) , some bridle [change] is essential for ‘ tuning ’ .

So there is an advantage in using handles of the Peter Powell heavy duty type to allow for adjustment on the flying field .
so there is an advantage in using handles of the peter powell heavy duty type to allow for [change] on the flying field .

In fact any intervention with the playing of the game will distort prices , reduce the information contained in them and prevent the full adjustment which is a part and parcel of the creation of wealth in a market economy .
in fact any intervention with the playing of the game will distort prices , reduce the information contained in them and prevent the full [change] which is a part and parcel of the creation of wealth in a market economy .

Moments later , as Lake Balkhash slipped away below him , Vologsky made a minor adjustment and set the Foxbat on a course which would take it directly over the home missile bases at Alma-Ata .
moments later , as lake balkhash slipped away below him , vologsky made a minor [change] and set the foxbat on a course which would take it directly over the home missile bases at alma-ata .

Careful adjustment of the screen angle and contrast to suit the prevailing light is critical .
careful [change] of the screen angle and contrast to suit the prevailing light is critical .

In short , teachers are helped to offer all children , as Quinton put it when reporting his and Rutter 's findings ( 1988 ) on the healing effects of teachers on children in even severe adversity , ‘ good school experiences , such as some form of success , accomplishment , sense of self-esteem or just pleasure in school activities ’ , with consequent better adjustment in adult life — even if they did not always seem to have an immediate effect ( ! ) .
in short , teachers are helped to offer all children , as quinton put it when reporting his and rutter 's findings ( 1988 ) on the healing effects of teachers on children in even severe adversity , ‘ good school experiences , such as some form of success , accomplishment , sense of self-esteem or just pleasure in school activities ’ , with consequent better [change] in adult life — even if they did not always seem to have an immediate effect ( ! ) .

Although some adjustment would have to be made to new criteria for apportioning teaching time , these subjects were not new .
although some [change] would have to be made to new criteria for apportioning teaching time , these subjects were not new .

Features : central focusing wheel and dioptre adjustment ( allows you to compensate for eyes of different strengths ) .
features : central focusing wheel and dioptre [change] ( allows you to compensate for eyes of different strengths ) .

Dioptre adjustment on right eye .
dioptre [change] on right eye .

Features : Central focusing wheel and dioptre adjustment on right eyepiece .
features : central focusing wheel and dioptre [change] on right eyepiece .

Features : Central focusing wheel and dioptre adjustment .
features : central focusing wheel and dioptre [change] .

Flame control : the control key allows quite fine flame adjustment , though you need practice to get this right .
flame control : the control key allows quite fine flame [change] , though you need practice to get this right .

If the control key is left attached to the adjustment spindle it rapidly becomes too hot for comfortable handling .
if the control key is left attached to the [change] spindle it rapidly becomes too hot for comfortable handling .

After some periods of discouragement , attempts to put things right and make the effort needed to achieve the kinds of adjustment required for mutual happiness are often postponed , then shelved .
after some periods of discouragement , attempts to put things right and make the effort needed to achieve the kinds of [change] required for mutual happiness are often postponed , then shelved .

When did you last make a considerable personal adjustment to fit in with some deeply felt need your partner has articulated ?
when did you last make a considerable personal [change] to fit in with some deeply felt need your partner has articulated ?

In fact , the conflict itself , properly handled in this way , should contribute positively to the relationship , for each partner will be closer to the other with greater mutual understanding and adjustment than before .
in fact , the conflict itself , properly handled in this way , should contribute positively to the relationship , for each partner will be closer to the other with greater mutual understanding and [change] than before .

The power unit may be detached from the base and used as a mini grinder . Note large cam lever for depth adjustment
the power unit may be detached from the base and used as a mini grinder . note large cam lever for depth [change]

The independent adjustment of each side meant that jaws could also be positioned at infinitely varying angles , and the grooves on the inside faces of the maws were useful for clamping copper or plastic pipe or dowelling when cutting .
the independent [change] of each side meant that jaws could also be positioned at infinitely varying angles , and the grooves on the inside faces of the maws were useful for clamping copper or plastic pipe or dowelling when cutting .

Turn off the water supply before carrying out repairs , unless it 's just a minor adjustment to the float arm .
turn off the water supply before carrying out repairs , unless it 's just a minor [change] to the float arm .

the design is based on squares , but if it were knitted without proportional adjustment , the whole thing would be incorrect and pulled out of shape .
the design is based on squares , but if it were knitted without proportional [change] , the whole thing would be incorrect and pulled out of shape .

This takes a little adjustment , but it is not difficult .
this takes a little [change] , but it is not difficult .

Again a little adjustment may be necessary .
again a little [change] may be necessary .

Adjustment can be conducted with the aid of deionised water , or rainwater ( soft mixed in proportion to tap water ( generally hard .
[change] can be conducted with the aid of deionised water , or rainwater ( soft mixed in proportion to tap water ( generally hard .

the dynamic adjustment of unit size ; and
the dynamic [change] of unit size ; and

An interesting example of task-centred work in an old people 's home showed ways which could be helpful to residential workers , or health care teams in hospital , to work on adjustment to residential life , or the hospital care the client might experience ( Dierking et al .
an interesting example of task-centred work in an old people 's home showed ways which could be helpful to residential workers , or health care teams in hospital , to work on [change] to residential life , or the hospital care the client might experience ( dierking et al .

‘ Something 's got to give and it 's going to be Nottingham Forest , ’ said Palace striker Paul Williams , who has yet to score for the low-flying Eagles since trading places with Sheffield Wednesday-bound Mark Bright and a £1 million cash adjustment over two months ago .
‘ something 's got to give and it 's going to be nottingham forest , ’ said palace striker paul williams , who has yet to score for the low-flying eagles since trading places with sheffield wednesday-bound mark bright and a £1 million cash [change] over two months ago .

It is easy to underestimate the immense process of adjustment involved in this change .
it is easy to underestimate the immense process of [change] involved in this change .

Recent analysis of the impact of retirement on personal adjustment suggests that it is less aversive than many have assumed .
recent analysis of the impact of retirement on personal [change] suggests that it is less aversive than many have assumed .

Braithwaite and Gibson ( 1987 ) found that good health is one of the strongest factors correlated with the ease of adjustment to retirement .
braithwaite and gibson ( 1987 ) found that good health is one of the strongest factors correlated with the ease of [change] to retirement .

Good health increases good adjustment to retirement , and enables the individual to take advantage of the opportunities it provides .
good health increases good [change] to retirement , and enables the individual to take advantage of the opportunities it provides .

Conversely , good adjustment is more likely to ensure the maintenance of health during retirement .
conversely , good [change] is more likely to ensure the maintenance of health during retirement .

Disengagement is just one of many social theories which underlie what Phillipson and Walker ( 1986 ) call ‘ Acquiescent Functionalism ’ — ‘ a body of thought about ageing which attributes the causes of most of the problems of old people to the natural consequences of physical decrescence and mental inflexibility or the failures of individual adjustment to ageing and retirement , instead of to contemporary developments of the state , the economy and social inequality ’ .
disengagement is just one of many social theories which underlie what phillipson and walker ( 1986 ) call ‘ acquiescent functionalism ’ — ‘ a body of thought about ageing which attributes the causes of most of the problems of old people to the natural consequences of physical decrescence and mental inflexibility or the failures of individual [change] to ageing and retirement , instead of to contemporary developments of the state , the economy and social inequality ’ .

The most common brake defects are worn shoes and pads , seized cylinders and poor adjustment .
the most common brake defects are worn shoes and pads , seized cylinders and poor [change] .

This in turn can cause adjustment and behavioural problems later in life .
this in turn can cause [change] and behavioural problems later in life .

After adjustment for inflation , it means that they are at their lowest since the war .
after [change] for inflation , it means that they are at their lowest since the war .

The statement of gains proposed in The Future Shape of Financial Reports discloses the change in financial wealth for the period less a capital maintenance adjustment to give a ‘ real ’ change in financial wealth .
the statement of gains proposed in the future shape of financial reports discloses the change in financial wealth for the period less a capital maintenance [change] to give a ‘ real ’ change in financial wealth .

The change has been dealt with as a prior year adjustment : £64.267m has been credited to group revenue reserve and the same amount debited to investment realisation profits .
the change has been dealt with as a prior year [change] : £64.267m has been credited to group revenue reserve and the same amount debited to investment realisation profits .

They introduce a benchmark or preferred treatment which , in both cases , requires adjustment of the opening balance of retained earnings and a restatement of the comparative information .
they introduce a benchmark or preferred treatment which , in both cases , requires [change] of the opening balance of retained earnings and a restatement of the comparative information .

The allowed ( but not to be encouraged ) alternative treatment permits the correction of the fundamental error or the adjustment resulting from the change in accounting policy to be included in the determination of net profit or loss for the current period .
the allowed ( but not to be encouraged ) alternative treatment permits the correction of the fundamental error or the [change] resulting from the change in accounting policy to be included in the determination of net profit or loss for the current period .

Some scholars and officials have sought to avoid distortions by counting only crimes defined as ‘ serious ’ ; this adjustment would not affect the example given above , for all of the crimes mentioned would normally fall into this category .
some scholars and officials have sought to avoid distortions by counting only crimes defined as ‘ serious ’ ; this [change] would not affect the example given above , for all of the crimes mentioned would normally fall into this category .

The change has been adopted as a prior year adjustment , so pre-tax profits for 1991/92 are £4.3m lower and for 1990/91 , on a restated basis , £3.8m lower .
the change has been adopted as a prior year [change] , so pre-tax profits for 1991/92 are £4.3m lower and for 1990/91 , on a restated basis , £3.8m lower .

Once you finally put the shoe on , the adjustment of fit is as haphazard as tightening a pair of laces .
once you finally put the shoe on , the [change] of fit is as haphazard as tightening a pair of laces .

Your eye makes a natural adjustment for this when looking at the scene direct so that the colour appears the same irrespective of the lighting .
your eye makes a natural [change] for this when looking at the scene direct so that the colour appears the same irrespective of the lighting .

Camcorders on the other hand have to be given a little help to cope with different kinds of lighting by adjustment of their internal white balance settings to enable them to ‘ see ’ white as the same neutral colour regardless of the conditions .
camcorders on the other hand have to be given a little help to cope with different kinds of lighting by [change] of their internal white balance settings to enable them to ‘ see ’ white as the same neutral colour regardless of the conditions .

Macro focusing is generally done , not by the normal focus ring but by the zoom lever , and the adjustment needs to be done carefully to obtain maximum sharpness .
macro focusing is generally done , not by the normal focus ring but by the zoom lever , and the [change] needs to be done carefully to obtain maximum sharpness .

Check eye-piece adjustment .
check eye-piece [change] .

To save the shot , you can then do one of two things : reframe the shot to exclude the sky , perhaps by moving to an angle where the sky is obscured by a building ; or , correct for the backlight either by pressing the backlight button or by making a manual adjustment to the iris ( depending on which facility is provided on your machine ) .
to save the shot , you can then do one of two things : reframe the shot to exclude the sky , perhaps by moving to an angle where the sky is obscured by a building ; or , correct for the backlight either by pressing the backlight button or by making a manual [change] to the iris ( depending on which facility is provided on your machine ) .

This video processor combines enhancement — adjustment of colour , brightness , contrast and noise reduction — with video and audio fades .
this video processor combines enhancement — [change] of colour , brightness , contrast and noise reduction — with video and audio fades .

In my view , the uniqueness of the current downturn can be almost entirely attributed to the fact that the post boom adjustment in the ratio of house prices to income has not come , as in the past , in the form of real house price declines and rapid nominal income growth , but instead via a sizeable decline in nominal house prices .
in my view , the uniqueness of the current downturn can be almost entirely attributed to the fact that the post boom [change] in the ratio of house prices to income has not come , as in the past , in the form of real house price declines and rapid nominal income growth , but instead via a sizeable decline in nominal house prices .

In a partnership any adjustment to original provisions and submitted computations would need to be communicated to each partner and his or her adviser , and adjustments made for each partner to payments on account .
in a partnership any [change] to original provisions and submitted computations would need to be communicated to each partner and his or her adviser , and adjustments made for each partner to payments on account .

If that departure has not been wholly amicable and an adjustment arises which increases an individual 's tax liability , there is the prospect of prolonged discussions with former partners and possibly problems of collectability as far as the Revenue is concerned .
if that departure has not been wholly amicable and an [change] arises which increases an individual 's tax liability , there is the prospect of prolonged discussions with former partners and possibly problems of collectability as far as the revenue is concerned .

‘ In these circumstances further adjustment may be required as explained in note 1 ( a ) to the accounts , to reduce assets to their recoverable amount , to provide for trading losses since the year end and any further liabilities which may arise .
‘ in these circumstances further [change] may be required as explained in note 1 ( a ) to the accounts , to reduce assets to their recoverable amount , to provide for trading losses since the year end and any further liabilities which may arise .

Unless there is a corresponding process of critical appraisal , there can be no adaptation , no adjustment to change .
unless there is a corresponding process of critical appraisal , there can be no adaptation , no [change] to change .

Teaching , then , can be conceived of as a research activity whereby experimental techniques of instruction are designed to correspond with hypothetical principles of pedagogy , with provision made for mutual adjustment so as to bring validity of principle into as close an alignment as possible with the utility of technique .
teaching , then , can be conceived of as a research activity whereby experimental techniques of instruction are designed to correspond with hypothetical principles of pedagogy , with provision made for mutual [change] so as to bring validity of principle into as close an alignment as possible with the utility of technique .

Regulation can after all be a matter of acting on positive or negative evidence , the adjustment of behaviour by reference to feedback information .
regulation can after all be a matter of acting on positive or negative evidence , the [change] of behaviour by reference to feedback information .

This evidence and adjustment can be quite free of affective associations .
this evidence and [change] can be quite free of affective associations .

They will be demonstrating , in other words , the continuing process of adaptation and adjustment without which , as we well know from observation , teaching can easily stagnate into a set of half-understood routines , performed irrespective of the conditions of the class or the needs of the learners .
they will be demonstrating , in other words , the continuing process of adaptation and [change] without which , as we well know from observation , teaching can easily stagnate into a set of half-understood routines , performed irrespective of the conditions of the class or the needs of the learners .

When techniques are applied in the classroom and their effects are monitored , the question arises as to whether and to what extent these effects call for an adjustment of the techniques as realizations of a particular principle , or for a reappraisal of the principle itself .
when techniques are applied in the classroom and their effects are monitored , the question arises as to whether and to what extent these effects call for an [change] of the techniques as realizations of a particular principle , or for a reappraisal of the principle itself .

They vary in their tolerance of adjustment : some are quite flexible and some can be adjusted quite radically and these we may think of as more grammatical .
they vary in their tolerance of [change] : some are quite flexible and some can be adjusted quite radically and these we may think of as more grammatical .

Others are more fixed and allow little room for adjustment , and these we might think of as more lexical in character .
others are more fixed and allow little room for [change] , and these we might think of as more lexical in character .

It is the continuous process of plotting a position and steering an interpretative course by adjustment and prediction .
it is the continuous process of plotting a position and steering an interpretative course by [change] and prediction .

If , over the years , the balance of probabilities has shifted so that balances previously included as creditors now seem unlikely ever to be paid , it would be appropriate for the balances in question to be removed from creditors , with the corresponding credit in either profit and loss account or , if the sums are material and the adjustment arises from a fundamental error , the profit and loss reserves in the balance sheet .
if , over the years , the balance of probabilities has shifted so that balances previously included as creditors now seem unlikely ever to be paid , it would be appropriate for the balances in question to be removed from creditors , with the corresponding credit in either profit and loss account or , if the sums are material and the [change] arises from a fundamental error , the profit and loss reserves in the balance sheet .

As chairman Reg Brealey explains in his statement , changes have been made to provide depreciation on buildings and equipment , to accrue retirement gratuity payments , to write off to p&l account the exchange adjustment on foreign currency loans and to provide for interest payable — ‘ all to help in the cause of a clean auditor 's report ’ .
as chairman reg brealey explains in his statement , changes have been made to provide depreciation on buildings and equipment , to accrue retirement gratuity payments , to write off to p&l account the exchange [change] on foreign currency loans and to provide for interest payable — ‘ all to help in the cause of a clean auditor 's report ’ .

Anxiety about in-law relationships , and evidence that some considerable adjustment can be necessary , is found also in Mansfield and Collard 's ( 1988 ) study of the early years of marriage .
anxiety about in-law relationships , and evidence that some considerable [change] can be necessary , is found also in mansfield and collard 's ( 1988 ) study of the early years of marriage .

But the Bank recently published a paper called : ‘ Why structural adjustment has not succeeded in Sub-Saharan Africa ’ .
but the bank recently published a paper called : ‘ why structural [change] has not succeeded in sub-saharan africa ’ .

Over a quarter of households prior to nationalisation had opted for a coin pre-payment meter to ease the burden , though some Boards now discouraged this ( because of the high cost of installation and adjustment , and the risk of theft ) .
over a quarter of households prior to nationalisation had opted for a coin pre-payment meter to ease the burden , though some boards now discouraged this ( because of the high cost of installation and [change] , and the risk of theft ) .

Even in 1948 , this was already a poor proxy for peak demand , but ten years later , when the peak demand of a typical domestic consumer was significantly higher , no adjustment other than increases proportionate to the increased bulk capacity charges had been made .
even in 1948 , this was already a poor proxy for peak demand , but ten years later , when the peak demand of a typical domestic consumer was significantly higher , no [change] other than increases proportionate to the increased bulk capacity charges had been made .

But it is a miserable way to make a necessary adjustment .
but it is a miserable way to make a necessary [change] .

So maybe the proposition merely needs adjustment : reform is possible in Latin America only when the force of might , or the horror of economic chaos , numbs the populace into acceptance .
so maybe the proposition merely needs [change] : reform is possible in latin america only when the force of might , or the horror of economic chaos , numbs the populace into acceptance .

The second adjustment is less recognised , but more noteworthy : Japanese businesses are coming to believe that the country 's long-term rate of economic growth may be no more than 3 % a year .
the second [change] is less recognised , but more noteworthy : japanese businesses are coming to believe that the country 's long-term rate of economic growth may be no more than 3 % a year .

Criminal charges and fines were other matters capable of adjustment by a politician , and again were likely to encourage lasting feelings of gratitude to the man who secured a suspension or remission .
criminal charges and fines were other matters capable of [change] by a politician , and again were likely to encourage lasting feelings of gratitude to the man who secured a suspension or remission .

Tension adjustment has the ability to adapt the racket to your game and conditions , a major bonus for British club players who are often forced to play in damp conditions .
tension [change] has the ability to adapt the racket to your game and conditions , a major bonus for british club players who are often forced to play in damp conditions .

They 're great are n't they , covering a multitude of peculiarities , but even they can sometimes do with a little adjustment , sizewise .
they 're great are n't they , covering a multitude of peculiarities , but even they can sometimes do with a little [change] , sizewise .

The point is , you do not have to work the garment exactly to the proportions given if you have concluded that you would prefer some minor adjustment …
the point is , you do not have to work the garment exactly to the proportions given if you have concluded that you would prefer some minor [change] …

These marooned populations had to make a big evolutionary adjustment .
these marooned populations had to make a big evolutionary [change] .

This experience , which spread at an unusually fast pace in our period , especially among manual workers , required adjustment on the part of individuals and society .
this experience , which spread at an unusually fast pace in our period , especially among manual workers , required [change] on the part of individuals and society .

The common external tariff would be based on an average of the existing duties levied by the member states at their national borders , though with some downward adjustment .
the common external tariff would be based on an average of the existing duties levied by the member states at their national borders , though with some downward [change] .

Depth adjustment can be pre-fixed with a spring action locking dial
depth [change] can be pre-fixed with a spring action locking dial

Adjustment from low to high cut is in two parts : a simple lever on each side of rear roller alters its height …
[change] from low to high cut is in two parts : a simple lever on each side of rear roller alters its height …

Angle adjustment was via a pressed steel butterfly nut on a calibrated gauge .
angle [change] was via a pressed steel butterfly nut on a calibrated gauge .

It means that the knife behind the saw blade ( which prevents the wood closing up behind the cut ) automatically moves to the ideal position relative to the saw blade , as the depth adjustment is made .
it means that the knife behind the saw blade ( which prevents the wood closing up behind the cut ) automatically moves to the ideal position relative to the saw blade , as the depth [change] is made .

Plus points were the number of little extras on an apparently simple machine — shaped handle and height adjustment being particularly worthwhile .
plus points were the number of little extras on an apparently simple machine — shaped handle and height [change] being particularly worthwhile .

We wedged it in place firmly , but not too tight against the lintel , leaving room for adjustment .
we wedged it in place firmly , but not too tight against the lintel , leaving room for [change] .

Whilst hand planes require careful honing , setting and adjustment of blade , the electric version can shave off excess wood quickly and easily .
whilst hand planes require careful honing , setting and [change] of blade , the electric version can shave off excess wood quickly and easily .

Wrench and blade adjustment guide are supplied with the planer
wrench and blade [change] guide are supplied with the planer

At the local authority level , by the constant monitoring and adjustment of resources to meet changing needs and the changing social situation .
at the local authority level , by the constant monitoring and [change] of resources to meet changing needs and the changing social situation .

It is not easy ; it requires struggle , choice and continual adjustment .
it is not easy ; it requires struggle , choice and continual [change] .

This expanding ( though by no means unambiguous ) sense of common humanity is encouraged by the rapidity and intensity of modern communications and by a growing awareness that mankind as a whole may face extinction unless some more harmonious and rational adjustment can be achieved between the world 's rapidly growing population and its dwindling natural resources .
this expanding ( though by no means unambiguous ) sense of common humanity is encouraged by the rapidity and intensity of modern communications and by a growing awareness that mankind as a whole may face extinction unless some more harmonious and rational [change] can be achieved between the world 's rapidly growing population and its dwindling natural resources .

Policy-making for Banstead clearly did not fulfil the autarchic ideal of mutual adjustment or joint planning between agencies to develop a pan-authority range of services .
policy-making for banstead clearly did not fulfil the autarchic ideal of mutual [change] or joint planning between agencies to develop a pan-authority range of services .

Protagon , while believing that its racket construction meets all the necessary criteria necessary to compete favourably with other top grade rackets on the market today , also believes that , by offering the supplementary facility of string adjustment , it is providing a tangible benefit which year by year frame improvements can not match .
protagon , while believing that its racket construction meets all the necessary criteria necessary to compete favourably with other top grade rackets on the market today , also believes that , by offering the supplementary facility of string [change] , it is providing a tangible benefit which year by year frame improvements can not match .

Thus Protagon was able to conclude that the performance of the racket related to adjustment of the string tension is 11 times more than its performance related to the change in the stiffness of the frame .
thus protagon was able to conclude that the performance of the racket related to [change] of the string tension is 11 times more than its performance related to the change in the stiffness of the frame .

Protagon believes that , by offering its string adjustment facility , that it is ‘ raising the stakes ’ , so to speak … setting the trend for the nineties , and giving a new meaning to the term ‘ user-friendly ’ .
protagon believes that , by offering its string [change] facility , that it is ‘ raising the stakes ’ , so to speak … setting the trend for the nineties , and giving a new meaning to the term ‘ user-friendly ’ .

These include difficulties in learning or in adjustment and behaviour , as well as problems resulting largely from sensory or physical impairments or from difficulties of communication from whatever cause .
these include difficulties in learning or in [change] and behaviour , as well as problems resulting largely from sensory or physical impairments or from difficulties of communication from whatever cause .

An account of recent developments in consultancy is given in Hanko ( 1985 ) , with particular reference to children with difficulties of behaviour or adjustment .
an account of recent developments in consultancy is given in hanko ( 1985 ) , with particular reference to children with difficulties of behaviour or [change] .

It is the combination of different characteristics , strengths and weaknesses that leads to the development of the pupil 's unique personality , and in common with other children , those with visual handicaps will show a range of character , ability and adjustment .
it is the combination of different characteristics , strengths and weaknesses that leads to the development of the pupil 's unique personality , and in common with other children , those with visual handicaps will show a range of character , ability and [change] .

Telescopes also have a small field of view and are seldom made to magnify more than 2× or 3× , and even low-powered telescopes can create some difficulties of adjustment for the user .
telescopes also have a small field of view and are seldom made to magnify more than 2× or 3× , and even low-powered telescopes can create some difficulties of [change] for the user .

The anxieties for these pupils centred around areas of social competence , personal appearance and adjustment to handicap .
the anxieties for these pupils centred around areas of social competence , personal appearance and [change] to handicap .

It is significant that currently in Sweden , where resources to support visually handicapped pupils in mainstream schools are considerable and of high level and where the integration of handicapped pupils is particularly well supported and virtually universal , there are still problems for a significant number of visually handicapped pupils in terms of social adjustment ( Svenson , 1986 ) .
it is significant that currently in sweden , where resources to support visually handicapped pupils in mainstream schools are considerable and of high level and where the integration of handicapped pupils is particularly well supported and virtually universal , there are still problems for a significant number of visually handicapped pupils in terms of social [change] ( svenson , 1986 ) .

The twist system allows for an adjustment of pressure within channelled air pillows in the upper of the shoe and around the arch and instep of the foot .
the twist system allows for an [change] of pressure within channelled air pillows in the upper of the shoe and around the arch and instep of the foot .

In order to appreciate the reasons why cost records may be inaccurate at any given point in time and therefore will need adjustment before any cost value reconciliation can take place , it will be useful to examine the thinking behind a typical cost system .
in order to appreciate the reasons why cost records may be inaccurate at any given point in time and therefore will need [change] before any cost value reconciliation can take place , it will be useful to examine the thinking behind a typical cost system .

This rechunking of the text may be an idiosyncratic adjustment on the part of the German translator , as it appears that German does not generally favour more breaks than English .
this rechunking of the text may be an idiosyncratic [change] on the part of the german translator , as it appears that german does not generally favour more breaks than english .

Bortoni-Ricardo 's account of the sociolinguistic adjustment of rural migrants to Brazlandia , a satellite city of Brasilia , is a particularly interesting and innovative application of the network concept .
bortoni-ricardo 's account of the sociolinguistic [change] of rural migrants to brazlandia , a satellite city of brasilia , is a particularly interesting and innovative application of the network concept .

There are two ways in which such an adjustment might be achieved .
there are two ways in which such an [change] might be achieved .

One was the periodic factor that wages did increase from time to time -and the other was what he called the adjustment factor which meant that a time might come in any industry when a distortion or trend had to be recognized as such for correction .
one was the periodic factor that wages did increase from time to time -and the other was what he called the [change] factor which meant that a time might come in any industry when a distortion or trend had to be recognized as such for correction .

The other two three-figure groups are fixed each in its own wing by its adjustment to the slope of the cornice .
the other two three-figure groups are fixed each in its own wing by its [change] to the slope of the cornice .

Given that retroactive adjustment ( especially downwards ) is politically infeasible it is important to achieve higher quality estimates .
given that retroactive [change] ( especially downwards ) is politically infeasible it is important to achieve higher quality estimates .

He gathered speed with a slight adjustment of his wings , soaring inches over the tree tops , the air rushing audibly in his feathers .
he gathered speed with a slight [change] of his wings , soaring inches over the tree tops , the air rushing audibly in his feathers .

The main deficiency of such approaches , however , is that they locate the ‘ problem of disability ’ in the individual and in the effectivity or otherwise of her/his adjustment to a set of beliefs , values and practices which are taken for granted .
the main deficiency of such approaches , however , is that they locate the ‘ problem of disability ’ in the individual and in the effectivity or otherwise of her/his [change] to a set of beliefs , values and practices which are taken for granted .

Individual psychological adjustment studies , then , fail to provide a useful analysis because they do not locate the disabled person in a society which contains a whole set of beliefs , practices , and so on , surrounding disability , and fail to see the consequences of these practices as expressed in the psychology of the individual disabled person .
individual psychological [change] studies , then , fail to provide a useful analysis because they do not locate the disabled person in a society which contains a whole set of beliefs , practices , and so on , surrounding disability , and fail to see the consequences of these practices as expressed in the psychology of the individual disabled person .

If the ‘ problem of attitude ’ is not primarily located in the individual , but in the society , then no amount of individual effort at ‘ adjustment ’ to impairment can solve it .
if the ‘ problem of attitude ’ is not primarily located in the individual , but in the society , then no amount of individual effort at ‘ [change] ’ to impairment can solve it .

The successful reader is one who can transcend her social background to make a sympathetic adjustment to a writer whose norms and values may be those of a different age .
the successful reader is one who can transcend her social background to make a sympathetic [change] to a writer whose norms and values may be those of a different age .

It 's a useful way of getting a perspective on the present , to realize that people think and feel in such different ways , in totally alien ways , that are completely unsympathetic , which is why feminism is an interesting development , because the ability to read something written in a totally patriarchal tradition , and to make the sympathetic adjustment , giving him his due , recognizing that he could n't have thought what you think , because people did n't think like that then … .
it 's a useful way of getting a perspective on the present , to realize that people think and feel in such different ways , in totally alien ways , that are completely unsympathetic , which is why feminism is an interesting development , because the ability to read something written in a totally patriarchal tradition , and to make the sympathetic [change] , giving him his due , recognizing that he could n't have thought what you think , because people did n't think like that then … .

This is interesting because it disguises who is making the sympathetic adjustment .
this is interesting because it disguises who is making the sympathetic [change] .

It is those who do not come from those dominant traditions who have to make the sympathetic adjustment .
it is those who do not come from those dominant traditions who have to make the sympathetic [change] .

Despite this tension , there is also a refusal to examine curricula or practices : student failure , therefore , is the fault of the student 's inability to make the necessary sympathetic adjustment to the requirements of literary judgement ; not the failure of the departments in setting those requirements .
despite this tension , there is also a refusal to examine curricula or practices : student failure , therefore , is the fault of the student 's inability to make the necessary sympathetic [change] to the requirements of literary judgement ; not the failure of the departments in setting those requirements .

Of course , many of these people may well have been ‘ between jobs ’ — that is , their unemployment may have been what is called ‘ frictional ’ unemployment , a part of the continuous and necessary process of adjustment within the labour market .
of course , many of these people may well have been ‘ between jobs ’ — that is , their unemployment may have been what is called ‘ frictional ’ unemployment , a part of the continuous and necessary process of [change] within the labour market .

There have been numerous changes recently to the way unemployment figures are counted , producing a downwards adjustment .
there have been numerous changes recently to the way unemployment figures are counted , producing a downwards [change] .

To normalise 1 , the lexical roots must be altered , as no adjustment of closed set items has a noticeable effect : He exhaled a carcinogenic puff of smoke .
to normalise 1 , the lexical roots must be altered , as no [change] of closed set items has a noticeable effect : he exhaled a carcinogenic puff of smoke .

What is more disturbing if we wish to achieve a simple separation of grammar and semantics is that on occasions one and the same deviance may be cured either by adjustment of closed set items , or by the replacement of open set items . Sentence 9a , for instance , can be normalised either as in b or as in c :
what is more disturbing if we wish to achieve a simple separation of grammar and semantics is that on occasions one and the same deviance may be cured either by [change] of closed set items , or by the replacement of open set items . sentence 9a , for instance , can be normalised either as in b or as in c :

Does this mean that , whenever we encounter a deviance that can be cured either by adjustment of grammar or lexical content , we can take it that semantics is involved ? Unfortunately , no : such a deviance may be purely grammatical . Sentence 11a , for instance , can be normalised either by grammatical adjustment ( 11b ) or by lexical adjustment ( 11c ) :
does this mean that , whenever we encounter a deviance that can be cured either by [change] of grammar or lexical content , we can take it that semantics is involved ? unfortunately , no : such a deviance may be purely grammatical . sentence 11a , for instance , can be normalised either by grammatical [change] ( 11b ) or by lexical [change] ( 11c ) :

It is in making this adjustment that the last generation of the Dedlocks particularly fails :
it is in making this [change] that the last generation of the dedlocks particularly fails :

Nor , from the beginning of the indiscriminate sinking of British merchant ships by U-boats , could there be the slightest doubt among seamen who the enemy was ; but adjustment was difficult , and bread and butter questions such as pay and conditions of work were aggravated and complicated by wartime inflation , by manpower shortages and by excessive profits made by shipowners who grew even richer and more demanding out of the sweat and blood of their merchant crews .
nor , from the beginning of the indiscriminate sinking of british merchant ships by u-boats , could there be the slightest doubt among seamen who the enemy was ; but [change] was difficult , and bread and butter questions such as pay and conditions of work were aggravated and complicated by wartime inflation , by manpower shortages and by excessive profits made by shipowners who grew even richer and more demanding out of the sweat and blood of their merchant crews .

The Board 's role was defined as the prevention and adjustment of disputes , the establishment of standard wages and the regulation of employment .
the board 's role was defined as the prevention and [change] of disputes , the establishment of standard wages and the regulation of employment .

where the merger method of accounting has been adopted , explain any significant adjustments made to the amounts of assets and liabilities of the undertaking acquired , together with a statement of any resulting adjustment to the consolidated reserves ( including the restatement of opening consolidated reserves ) .
where the merger method of accounting has been adopted , explain any significant adjustments made to the amounts of assets and liabilities of the undertaking acquired , together with a statement of any resulting [change] to the consolidated reserves ( including the restatement of opening consolidated reserves ) .

Most African countries have , however , suffered economic crises and carried out economic structural adjustment in the 1980s .
most african countries have , however , suffered economic crises and carried out economic structural [change] in the 1980s .

This would need diplomatic adjustment soon .
this would need diplomatic [change] soon .

In the first , the shape into which the social formation is predisposed to settle , though contested , is obvious and is a powerful influence on the culture ; the second — despite an underlying complexity in the cultural relationships — possesses brilliant if temporary clarity arising from its historical position at the beginning of a period of great situational adjustment .
in the first , the shape into which the social formation is predisposed to settle , though contested , is obvious and is a powerful influence on the culture ; the second — despite an underlying complexity in the cultural relationships — possesses brilliant if temporary clarity arising from its historical position at the beginning of a period of great situational [change] .

If that is the only problem faced by certain investment projects then it can be solved fairly easily by an interventionist government willing to regulate international capital flows in order to adjust the external value of the currency ( it is upward adjustment of the exchange rate which may be very difficult ) .
if that is the only problem faced by certain investment projects then it can be solved fairly easily by an interventionist government willing to regulate international capital flows in order to adjust the external value of the currency ( it is upward [change] of the exchange rate which may be very difficult ) .

The shift from ‘ Burnished Sky ’ ( 1985 ) to ‘ Gentle Edge ’ 1986 ) , the first of the ‘ zig ’ paintings on show at the Hayward necessitates a reciprocal and radical adjustment in the viewer 's approach to the work in the exhibition .
the shift from ‘ burnished sky ’ ( 1985 ) to ‘ gentle edge ’ 1986 ) , the first of the ‘ zig ’ paintings on show at the hayward necessitates a reciprocal and radical [change] in the viewer 's approach to the work in the exhibition .

But there is another type of comic crime fiction that is open to you , and in which the formula we have talked about will need some adjustment .
but there is another type of comic crime fiction that is open to you , and in which the formula we have talked about will need some [change] .

Benny made a minute adjustment to configure the goggles to her own eyesight , and frowned invisibly in the darkness .
benny made a minute [change] to configure the goggles to her own eyesight , and frowned invisibly in the darkness .

6.1.4 Information , adjustment speed and price discovery
6.1.4 information , [change] speed and price discovery

If the information increases the demand for long positions in the asset by some traders , and decreases the demand for a long position by others , the adjustment path will depend on the sequence in which optimists and pessimists receive the information .
if the information increases the demand for long positions in the asset by some traders , and decreases the demand for a long position by others , the [change] path will depend on the sequence in which optimists and pessimists receive the information .

The resolution of conflict between different policies depends upon mutual adjustment .
the resolution of conflict between different policies depends upon mutual [change] .

Adjustment to their changing role and position in society can be so painful that some old people fail to achieve it satisfactorily and live at odds with society in bewildered but proud withdrawal .
[change] to their changing role and position in society can be so painful that some old people fail to achieve it satisfactorily and live at odds with society in bewildered but proud withdrawal .

Increasing waist-hip ratio is negatively associated with the probability of conception per cycle , before and after adjustment for confounding factors .
increasing waist-hip ratio is negatively associated with the probability of conception per cycle , before and after [change] for confounding factors .

In summary , in a prospective study of healthy women presenting for artificial insemination treatment we observed that increasing waist-hip ratio was negatively associated with the probability of conception per insemination cycle , before and after adjustment for age , fatness , cycle characteristics , smoking , parity , degree of infertility , and partner .
in summary , in a prospective study of healthy women presenting for artificial insemination treatment we observed that increasing waist-hip ratio was negatively associated with the probability of conception per insemination cycle , before and after [change] for age , fatness , cycle characteristics , smoking , parity , degree of infertility , and partner .

Variation in prescribing costs is apparent not only between practices but also between family health services authorities and health regions , even after adjustment with the prescribing unit .
variation in prescribing costs is apparent not only between practices but also between family health services authorities and health regions , even after [change] with the prescribing unit .

The adjustment factors for the 20 age and sex groups were calculated as follows : item age and sex group adjustment factor=average number of items given to each patient in the age and sex group/average number of items given to the total population ; cost age and sex group adjustment factor=average cost per patient in the age and sex group/average cost per patient in the total population .
the [change] factors for the 20 age and sex groups were calculated as follows : item age and sex group [change] factor=average number of items given to each patient in the age and sex group/average number of items given to the total population ; cost age and sex group [change] factor=average cost per patient in the age and sex group/average cost per patient in the total population .

The list size was converted to the Newcastle prescribing index by multiplying the number of patients in each age and sex band by the adjustment factor .
the list size was converted to the newcastle prescribing index by multiplying the number of patients in each age and sex band by the [change] factor .

The adjustment factor was one for the under 65 group and three for the over 65 group .
the [change] factor was one for the under 65 group and three for the over 65 group .

Adjustment of prescribing data with the Newcastle prescribing index was more accurate than with the prescribing unit for practices with a skewed age and sex demography .
[change] of prescribing data with the newcastle prescribing index was more accurate than with the prescribing unit for practices with a skewed age and sex demography .

Only 52 % required a qualification or further training in asthma management , while 86 % accepted that the nurse 's role included adjustment of therapy according to practice protocols .
only 52 % required a qualification or further training in asthma management , while 86 % accepted that the nurse 's role included [change] of therapy according to practice protocols .

This relation remained after adjustment for age at first intercourse and lifetime number of sexual partners .
this relation remained after [change] for age at first intercourse and lifetime number of sexual partners .

The association between smoking and cervical neoplasia , however , remains after adjustment has been made for such sexual risk factors .
the association between smoking and cervical neoplasia , however , remains after [change] has been made for such sexual risk factors .

We analysed the dose-response relation with adjustment for the patients ' age at first intercourse and lifetime number of sexual partners .
we analysed the dose-response relation with [change] for the patients ' age at first intercourse and lifetime number of sexual partners .

After adjustment for these sexual risk factors we found that the dose-response relation between the number of cigarettes smoked a day and the presence of oncogenic human papillomavirus was still significant ( χ 2 =10.90 , df=1 , p < 0.001 ) .
after [change] for these sexual risk factors we found that the dose-response relation between the number of cigarettes smoked a day and the presence of oncogenic human papillomavirus was still significant ( χ 2 =10.90 , df=1 , p < 0.001 ) .

Since we had found that the analysis was hardly affected by adjustment for sexual risk factors we performed a non-adjusted analysis on the entire group of 181 women .
since we had found that the analysis was hardly affected by [change] for sexual risk factors we performed a non-adjusted analysis on the entire group of 181 women .

The relation remained after adjustment for sexual risk factors , indicating a significant independent effect of smoking .
the relation remained after [change] for sexual risk factors , indicating a significant independent effect of smoking .

The second set of expected values also included an adjustment for smoking habit derived from data in our second control group — the Renfrew-Paisley study .
the second set of expected values also included an [change] for smoking habit derived from data in our second control group — the renfrew-paisley study .

No adjustment was made for multiple tests of significance .
no [change] was made for multiple tests of significance .

Adjustment of the relative risks for smoking made little difference .
[change] of the relative risks for smoking made little difference .

The relation between respiratory symptoms and length of gestation that we found persisted after adjustment for birth weight and other possible confounding variables .
the relation between respiratory symptoms and length of gestation that we found persisted after [change] for birth weight and other possible confounding variables .

Adjustment for risk factors made little difference to the rates except when the subset of deaths due to immaturity was adjusted for birth weight .
[change] for risk factors made little difference to the rates except when the subset of deaths due to immaturity was adjusted for birth weight .

This report describes the referral patterns of women during pregnancy and the effect this has on the interpretation of perinatal risk ; compares crude perinatal mortality rates between different maternity units ; shows how adjustment for case mix influences the initial rates ; and suggests ways of making analyses of perinatal mortality rates more relevant for evaluating obstetric and neonatal care .
this report describes the referral patterns of women during pregnancy and the effect this has on the interpretation of perinatal risk ; compares crude perinatal mortality rates between different maternity units ; shows how [change] for case mix influences the initial rates ; and suggests ways of making analyses of perinatal mortality rates more relevant for evaluating obstetric and neonatal care .

Adjustment for risk factors known before the start of labour made little difference to perinatal mortality rates , but such differences that occurred were in the expected direction .
[change] for risk factors known before the start of labour made little difference to perinatal mortality rates , but such differences that occurred were in the expected direction .

For example , adjustment increased the low perinatal mortality rate for women who were delivered at a general practitioner unit and decreased the high rate in hospital 1 , which had an accident and emergency department .
for example , [change] increased the low perinatal mortality rate for women who were delivered at a general practitioner unit and decreased the high rate in hospital 1 , which had an accident and emergency department .

The small effect of adjustment for case mix may not be the same throughout Britain .
the small effect of [change] for case mix may not be the same throughout britain .

Adjustment for birth weight had the greatest effect on the perinatal mortality rates due to immaturity : the rate among women who were booked at general practitioner units and were delivered at hospital 1 fell from 3.6 to 1.0 .
[change] for birth weight had the greatest effect on the perinatal mortality rates due to immaturity : the rate among women who were booked at general practitioner units and were delivered at hospital 1 fell from 3.6 to 1.0 .

Firstly , because they are derived without adjustment for standardised mortality ratio their use in a formula containing standardised mortality ratio will result in considerable double counting .
firstly , because they are derived without [change] for standardised mortality ratio their use in a formula containing standardised mortality ratio will result in considerable double counting .

Our normal response is to look for a comparatively minor adjustment near the periphery ; if we can not see the cake when we expected to we would normally suppose , perhaps , that someone has eaten it , rather than that cakes now have a tendency to dematerialize .
our normal response is to look for a comparatively minor [change] near the periphery ; if we can not see the cake when we expected to we would normally suppose , perhaps , that someone has eaten it , rather than that cakes now have a tendency to dematerialize .

We do this because such an adjustment leaves the general structure of our theory untouched .
we do this because such an [change] leaves the general structure of our theory untouched .

Even writers working in solitude try to form some idea of the receiver of their work and adjust to it — the meaningfulness of what they say can be viewed as a measure of the success of that prediction and adjustment .
even writers working in solitude try to form some idea of the receiver of their work and adjust to it — the meaningfulness of what they say can be viewed as a measure of the success of that prediction and [change] .

We shall return to these classroom activities involving the adjustment of information structure and the conversion of dialogue and monologue in
we shall return to these classroom activities involving the [change] of information structure and the conversion of dialogue and monologue in

Sometimes different sequences may need quite marked adjustment using filters and other devices to achieve the right harmonious effect .
sometimes different sequences may need quite marked [change] using filters and other devices to achieve the right harmonious effect .

In some cases the judge can look at sentences for manslaughter , and make an appropriate adjustment .
in some cases the judge can look at sentences for manslaughter , and make an appropriate [change] .

In others he will have virtually no guidance , beyond looking at the relatively few determinate sentences for attempted murder and considering what adjustment should be made for the fact that death ensued .
in others he will have virtually no guidance , beyond looking at the relatively few determinate sentences for attempted murder and considering what [change] should be made for the fact that death ensued .

No one must be false to that oath , but in order to return a collective verdict , the verdict of you all , there must necessarily be argument , and a certain amount of give and take and adjustment of views within the scope of the oath you have taken , and it makes for great public inconvenience and expense if jurors can not agree owing to the unwillingness of one of their number to listen to the arguments of the rest .
no one must be false to that oath , but in order to return a collective verdict , the verdict of you all , there must necessarily be argument , and a certain amount of give and take and [change] of views within the scope of the oath you have taken , and it makes for great public inconvenience and expense if jurors can not agree owing to the unwillingness of one of their number to listen to the arguments of the rest .

If a creditor is owed a debt not payable at the date of the bankruptcy order , he may nonetheless prove for the same ( r 6.114 ) but subject to an adjustment of his dividend where payment of dividend is made before the time when the debt would have become payable .
if a creditor is owed a debt not payable at the date of the bankruptcy order , he may nonetheless prove for the same ( r 6.114 ) but subject to an [change] of his dividend where payment of dividend is made before the time when the debt would have become payable .

See r 11.13 for the method of calculation of the adjustment .
see r 11.13 for the method of calculation of the [change] .

We felt that the cam cleats holding the tails of the car adjustment purchases should be better aligned .
we felt that the cam cleats holding the tails of the car [change] purchases should be better aligned .

Before anything else , however , let's do some image adjustment . The kit of the modern prospector includes no mules or checked shirts , no cast iron pots and pans , and there is no need to chew tobacco and spit ; the equipment is mostly plastic and beards are entirely optional !
before anything else , however , let's do some image [change] . the kit of the modern prospector includes no mules or checked shirts , no cast iron pots and pans , and there is no need to chew tobacco and spit ; the equipment is mostly plastic and beards are entirely optional !

The technique that we have introduced for light aircraft groups will enable you to set up a reasonably accurate performance on most types in those groups , requiring the minimum of adjustment on individual aircraft .
the technique that we have introduced for light aircraft groups will enable you to set up a reasonably accurate performance on most types in those groups , requiring the minimum of [change] on individual aircraft .

( Remember that after allowing for drift , the wind angle will be changed and a slight adjustment may be necessary in assessing the new wind angle ) .
( remember that after allowing for drift , the wind angle will be changed and a slight [change] may be necessary in assessing the new wind angle ) .

Time adjustment to comply with an expected approach time ( eat ) or an onward clearance time ( oct )
time [change] to comply with an expected approach time ( eat ) or an onward clearance time ( oct )

Adjustment can then be made at an early stage before it is too late .
[change] can then be made at an early stage before it is too late .

If your direction of approach is over 60° to the outbound track turn the longer way round , with adjustment for wind .
if your direction of approach is over 60° to the outbound track turn the longer way round , with [change] for wind .

But , if speed changes more than 5 knots then a power adjustment of 50 to 100 rpm must be made .
but , if speed changes more than 5 knots then a power [change] of 50 to 100 rpm must be made .

Conversely , a problem in one sector of the Marketing Mix may be solved by an adjustment in another .
conversely , a problem in one sector of the marketing mix may be solved by an [change] in another .

Referring schools are expected to assist in the collation of information by providing a case history , attending meetings and co-operating in assessments ( using the Bristol Social Adjustment Guide and the Rutter Scale ) .
referring schools are expected to assist in the collation of information by providing a case history , attending meetings and co-operating in assessments ( using the bristol social [change] guide and the rutter scale ) .

The ‘ ideal ’ pupil is one who is thought to require a period of adjustment coming from a school which has expressed a willingness to take the pupil back .
the ‘ ideal ’ pupil is one who is thought to require a period of [change] coming from a school which has expressed a willingness to take the pupil back .

The values attached to these factors for the two projects are weighted and summed , with an adjustment reflecting the level of confidence in the estimates .
the values attached to these factors for the two projects are weighted and summed , with an [change] reflecting the level of confidence in the estimates .

He went down to the docks to buy a lorryload of timber going cheaply , had the building sandblasted and refitted , and insisted on some adjustment of the merchandise to suit the customer profile .
he went down to the docks to buy a lorryload of timber going cheaply , had the building sandblasted and refitted , and insisted on some [change] of the merchandise to suit the customer profile .

These pleats are also of a predetermined size and therefore any adjustment is limited , as with pinch pleat tape .
these pleats are also of a predetermined size and therefore any [change] is limited , as with pinch pleat tape .

Lindblom argues that policy-making under incrementalism takes the form of ‘ partisan mutual adjustment ’ , referring to the practice of making choices among different alternatives not on the basis of a particularly rigourous evaluation of the ‘ best ’ means to achieve a desired ‘ goal ’ .
lindblom argues that policy-making under incrementalism takes the form of ‘ partisan mutual [change] ’ , referring to the practice of making choices among different alternatives not on the basis of a particularly rigourous evaluation of the ‘ best ’ means to achieve a desired ‘ goal ’ .

The nine months of pregnancy is a period of adjustment , a slow coming to terms with change and preparation for the excitement ahead . Francesca Wolf talks to parents-to-be about their feelings
the nine months of pregnancy is a period of [change] , a slow coming to terms with change and preparation for the excitement ahead . francesca wolf talks to parents-to-be about their feelings

In August to October sales were 0.25 per cent lower than in the previous three months ( after seasonal adjustment ) and 0.25 per cent lower than in the same period a year earlier .
in august to october sales were 0.25 per cent lower than in the previous three months ( after seasonal [change] ) and 0.25 per cent lower than in the same period a year earlier .

What is stress ? Simple definitions are : ‘ changes in the environment that demand adjustment in our behaviour ’ or ‘ imbalances between our personal resources and the demands being made upon us ’ .
what is stress ? simple definitions are : ‘ changes in the environment that demand [change] in our behaviour ’ or ‘ imbalances between our personal resources and the demands being made upon us ’ .

An adjustment of the rate support grant gave inner urban areas more resources and the urban programme was expanded , introducing central/local partnerships for the largest cities and more limited programmes for smaller towns .
an [change] of the rate support grant gave inner urban areas more resources and the urban programme was expanded , introducing central/local partnerships for the largest cities and more limited programmes for smaller towns .

These deep structural problems are cultural and political as well as economic , and will require far more than the odd adjustment to monetary or fiscal policy if we are to begin to solve them .
these deep structural problems are cultural and political as well as economic , and will require far more than the odd [change] to monetary or fiscal policy if we are to begin to solve them .

The adjustment of population through migration was prompted by the existence of higher unemployment levels in northern Britain throughout the period since 1921 ; these peaked in the year 1932 , when over 2,750,000 people were unemployed .
the [change] of population through migration was prompted by the existence of higher unemployment levels in northern britain throughout the period since 1921 ; these peaked in the year 1932 , when over 2,750,000 people were unemployed .

Adjustment to relative decline
[change] to relative decline

Cultural shock and adjustment .
cultural shock and [change] .

The shock and adjustment curve followed the same pattern in all countries but the timescale differed .
the shock and [change] curve followed the same pattern in all countries but the timescale differed .

The deterioration and shock phase were most delayed in what might be called culturally ‘ comfortable ’ countries and yet was still followed by eventual adjustment .
the deterioration and shock phase were most delayed in what might be called culturally ‘ comfortable ’ countries and yet was still followed by eventual [change] .

The parameters established were good predicators , and the more the cultural barriers to adjustment , the less the satisfaction in these countries .
the parameters established were good predicators , and the more the cultural barriers to [change] , the less the satisfaction in these countries .

Language was an important element in adjustment .
language was an important element in [change] .

There needed to be an interaction between cultural adjustment and linguistic knowledge .
there needed to be an interaction between cultural [change] and linguistic knowledge .

In the 1950s European population was still concentrating into metropolitan cores ( perhaps in part as a process of adjustment to rebuilt cities ) , but by the 1960s a reversal had taken place , with people decentralizing from cores to rings , a process which accelerated in the 1970s .
in the 1950s european population was still concentrating into metropolitan cores ( perhaps in part as a process of [change] to rebuilt cities ) , but by the 1960s a reversal had taken place , with people decentralizing from cores to rings , a process which accelerated in the 1970s .

When Charlotte reached Swans ' Meadow late that afternoon , tired and dispirited after her journey to Wales , she found Ursula in a further stage of her adjustment to Maurice 's death and Samantha 's disappearance .
when charlotte reached swans ' meadow late that afternoon , tired and dispirited after her journey to wales , she found ursula in a further stage of her [change] to maurice 's death and samantha 's disappearance .

in word processing , the automatic adjustment of the number of words on a line of text to match the margin settings .
in word processing , the automatic [change] of the number of words on a line of text to match the margin settings .

The ‘ fiddle ’ was ‘ a quite stable adjustment of the discrepant goals of management and workers ’ ( 1963 , p. 197 ) .
the ‘ fiddle ’ was ‘ a quite stable [change] of the discrepant goals of management and workers ’ ( 1963 , p. 197 ) .

From a similar ideological stance as the ‘ trainers ’ are those who see the purpose of adult education with the unemployed as being either therapeutic — easing the process of adjustment and thereby acceptance — or controlling — ensuring that potentially disruptive elements in society are neutralised .
from a similar ideological stance as the ‘ trainers ’ are those who see the purpose of adult education with the unemployed as being either therapeutic — easing the process of [change] and thereby acceptance — or controlling — ensuring that potentially disruptive elements in society are neutralised .

Nevertheless , in changing social and economic circumstances the role of the party vis-a-vis groups needed constant adjustment in reality if not officially .
nevertheless , in changing social and economic circumstances the role of the party vis-a-vis groups needed constant [change] in reality if not officially .

Some physical geographers have perceived the need for adjustment of fundamental outlooks and Bowen ( 1979 , p. 167 ) suggested :
some physical geographers have perceived the need for [change] of fundamental outlooks and bowen ( 1979 , p. 167 ) suggested :

He envisages that a change in outlook may derive from appreciation of the complex event sequences that new techniques have now exposed in the Quaternary ; from appraisal of the classical models of change to accommodate the realization that extreme rapidity of change now has to be considered when evaluating chronological biotal and geomorphological processes ; from adjustment of geomorphology to new knowledge of Quaternary change such as rate of ice sheet growth and decay ; and similar adjustment of biogeography and of palaeoclimatology .
he envisages that a change in outlook may derive from appreciation of the complex event sequences that new techniques have now exposed in the quaternary ; from appraisal of the classical models of change to accommodate the realization that extreme rapidity of change now has to be considered when evaluating chronological biotal and geomorphological processes ; from [change] of geomorphology to new knowledge of quaternary change such as rate of ice sheet growth and decay ; and similar [change] of biogeography and of palaeoclimatology .

Extreme natural events illuminate one aspect of the complex process by which people interact with biological and physical systems … By definition no natural hazard exists apart from human adjustment to it ,
extreme natural events illuminate one aspect of the complex process by which people interact with biological and physical systems … by definition no natural hazard exists apart from human [change] to it ,

… an interaction of people and nature governed by the coexistent state of adjustment in the human use system and the state of nature in the natural events system .
… an interaction of people and nature governed by the coexistent state of [change] in the human use system and the state of nature in the natural events system .

It is advisable , however , not to alter the tuning of any one drum by more than a tone ( since small alterations of tuning can be effected by ‘ feel ’ to a great extent ) , and a dozen or more bars of moderate time ought to be allowed for accurate adjustment of the tuning-screws .
it is advisable , however , not to alter the tuning of any one drum by more than a tone ( since small alterations of tuning can be effected by ‘ feel ’ to a great extent ) , and a dozen or more bars of moderate time ought to be allowed for accurate [change] of the tuning-screws .

Their production requires careful adjustment on the part of the player .
their production requires careful [change] on the part of the player .

This kind of interval adjustment will be seen in Example 42 , below .
this kind of interval [change] will be seen in example 42 , below .

At this meeting there is considerable scope for adjustment , but the process would clearly fail if there were not also an understanding of the need for a consensual solution to emerge , and within a very tight timescale .
at this meeting there is considerable scope for [change] , but the process would clearly fail if there were not also an understanding of the need for a consensual solution to emerge , and within a very tight timescale .

Almost every major evaluation study has led to minor adjustment or substantial change .
almost every major evaluation study has led to minor [change] or substantial change .

If there is subsequent substantial infill this could complete the isostatic adjustment or even produce a mass excess if the crater region has been compressed by the impact and is fairly rigid .
if there is subsequent substantial infill this could complete the isostatic [change] or even produce a mass excess if the crater region has been compressed by the impact and is fairly rigid .

The present system may not be perfect but it has worked pretty well and would be capable of improvement and adjustment without the need to go back to the drawing board .
the present system may not be perfect but it has worked pretty well and would be capable of improvement and [change] without the need to go back to the drawing board .

However , the council 's support for non-smoking is centred on the health issue and the co-operation of all employees is sought to ensure a satisfactory adjustment to the new standard at work .
however , the council 's support for non-smoking is centred on the health issue and the co-operation of all employees is sought to ensure a satisfactory [change] to the new standard at work .

With appropriate care and support from colleagues ( and time to ‘ heal ’ ) , there is every chance that victims of violent assaults will be able to get back to work quite quickly , complete the cycle of adjustment to the incident , and be able to incorporate their disturbing feelings about it as an accepted aspect of their work experience to learn from .
with appropriate care and support from colleagues ( and time to ‘ heal ’ ) , there is every chance that victims of violent assaults will be able to get back to work quite quickly , complete the cycle of [change] to the incident , and be able to incorporate their disturbing feelings about it as an accepted aspect of their work experience to learn from .

Patience and judgement will be required to know how to pace the learning and personal adjustment needs .
patience and judgement will be required to know how to pace the learning and personal [change] needs .

The 2005 Bonds are convertible into ordinary shares of the Company at a price of 564p per ordinary share on or before 27 September 2005 subject to adjustment in certain circumstances .
the 2005 bonds are convertible into ordinary shares of the company at a price of 564p per ordinary share on or before 27 september 2005 subject to [change] in certain circumstances .

What they want is a change in the structure of society much more radical than political adjustment .
what they want is a change in the structure of society much more radical than political [change] .

The Court held that she was a purchaser for valuable consideration , the consideration being the withdrawal of a bona fide claim to a property adjustment order .
the court held that she was a purchaser for valuable consideration , the consideration being the withdrawal of a bona fide claim to a property [change] order .

Deferred Charges and Adjustment between Husband and Wife of their Interests
deferred charges and [change] between husband and wife of their interests

If , however , the husband and wife already hold as tenants in common , and there is to be an adjustment in the extent of their respective interests , then , so far as the legal title is concerned , no alteration needs to be made .
if , however , the husband and wife already hold as tenants in common , and there is to be an [change] in the extent of their respective interests , then , so far as the legal title is concerned , no alteration needs to be made .

An upward adjustment factor 5 % was applied .
an upward [change] factor 5 % was applied .

Adjustment has been made throughout for intra-industry bulk Scotch Whisky sales .
[change] has been made throughout for intra-industry bulk scotch whisky sales .

less maintenance : lubricated for life , no cable adjustment needed
less maintenance : lubricated for life , no cable [change] needed

rear seats with adjustable headrests and optional electrical adjustment
rear seats with adjustable headrests and optional electrical [change]

Indeed , the widespread public belief in the role parents may have in causing adjustment problems in their children , and the guilt , shame and stigma associated with such views , may become circular .
indeed , the widespread public belief in the role parents may have in causing [change] problems in their children , and the guilt , shame and stigma associated with such views , may become circular .

The children were followed up some four years later at secondary schools so that the possibility could be considered that such differences were attributable to initial differences in their ability and adjustment rather than being caused by the schools ( Rutter et al .
the children were followed up some four years later at secondary schools so that the possibility could be considered that such differences were attributable to initial differences in their ability and [change] rather than being caused by the schools ( rutter et al .

One short hospital stay may cause minimal difficulties in adjustment to a child returning to a happy home life .
one short hospital stay may cause minimal difficulties in [change] to a child returning to a happy home life .

Efforts to chart continuities in maladjustment almost invariably fail to find more than a small relationship between early attachment or infant behaviour and later emotional or behavioural adjustment , and although very early relationships and behaviour are seen to be very important , most researchers aiming to demonstrate this fact end by concluding that discontinuity rather than continuity is the rule ( e.g .
efforts to chart continuities in maladjustment almost invariably fail to find more than a small relationship between early attachment or infant behaviour and later emotional or behavioural [change] , and although very early relationships and behaviour are seen to be very important , most researchers aiming to demonstrate this fact end by concluding that discontinuity rather than continuity is the rule ( e.g .

Inevitably they argue that life stress events and family demographic variables are also important , and it may be the failure of much research to take these variables into account ( and probably the problems of doing so ) which explains why a stronger relationship between early attachment and behaviour and later adjustment is not found .
inevitably they argue that life stress events and family demographic variables are also important , and it may be the failure of much research to take these variables into account ( and probably the problems of doing so ) which explains why a stronger relationship between early attachment and behaviour and later [change] is not found .

He suggests that this maladaptive strategy helps to explain the traumatic neuroses which sometimes follow events like bereavement , and which can be contrasted with successful adjustment in which the individual works through grief triggered by indirect reminders and gradually progresses to being able to respond to stronger reminders of the deceased .
he suggests that this maladaptive strategy helps to explain the traumatic neuroses which sometimes follow events like bereavement , and which can be contrasted with successful [change] in which the individual works through grief triggered by indirect reminders and gradually progresses to being able to respond to stronger reminders of the deceased .

Yet it is Gften argued that the successful adjustment to a major loss makes the person better able to deal with future losses ( e.g .
yet it is gften argued that the successful [change] to a major loss makes the person better able to deal with future losses ( e.g .

Furthermore , adjustment to a new role in life may be best assisted by loose-knit networks , as when a mature woman leaves the domestic sphere to become a university student , or when adjusting to her newly divorced and single status .
furthermore , [change] to a new role in life may be best assisted by loose-knit networks , as when a mature woman leaves the domestic sphere to become a university student , or when adjusting to her newly divorced and single status .

Oil change , check and adjustment services follow every subsequent 6,000 miles , with a major service scheduled every 36,000 miles .
oil change , check and [change] services follow every subsequent 6,000 miles , with a major service scheduled every 36,000 miles .

‘ Sorry ? ’ she said , unable to make the necessary mental adjustment .
‘ sorry ? ’ she said , unable to make the necessary mental [change] .

Nevertheless it is differences in the density and thickness of the crust that are largely responsible for variations in the isostatic adjustment of the lithosphere as a whole .
nevertheless it is differences in the density and thickness of the crust that are largely responsible for variations in the isostatic [change] of the lithosphere as a whole .

Oblique divergence is most commonly accommodated by transform offsets along a mid-oceanic ridge crest , while oblique convergence is resolved by the complex adjustment of lithospheric fragments along the plate boundary .
oblique divergence is most commonly accommodated by transform offsets along a mid-oceanic ridge crest , while oblique convergence is resolved by the complex [change] of lithospheric fragments along the plate boundary .

The most straightforward mechanical models of uplift are those that involve the isostatic adjustment that takes place when a load is removed from the crust ( see Section 2.2.4 ) .
the most straightforward mechanical models of uplift are those that involve the isostatic [change] that takes place when a load is removed from the crust ( see section 2.2.4 ) .

Weathering can be defined as the adjustment of the chemical , mineralogical and physical properties of rocks in response to environmental conditions prevailing at the Earth 's surface .
weathering can be defined as the [change] of the chemical , mineralogical and physical properties of rocks in response to environmental conditions prevailing at the earth 's surface .

For some igneous and metamorphic rocks formed at great depths and at high temperatures and pressures this adjustment can involve a complete transformation of their constituent minerals .
for some igneous and metamorphic rocks formed at great depths and at high temperatures and pressures this [change] can involve a complete transformation of their constituent minerals .

There is always a significant lag between the establishment of a particular set of conditions in the weathering environment and the adjustment of the mineralogical and physical properties of the regolith to these conditions .
there is always a significant lag between the establishment of a particular set of conditions in the weathering environment and the [change] of the mineralogical and physical properties of the regolith to these conditions .

It also precluded adequate rational adjustment to the market .
it also precluded adequate rational [change] to the market .

An understanding of Keynes 's critique of the classical theory of labour market adjustment is therefore an essential prerequisite for a fuller evaluation of the contribution of the new classical macroeconomics to our understanding of the workings of a market economy .
an understanding of keynes 's critique of the classical theory of labour market [change] is therefore an essential prerequisite for a fuller evaluation of the contribution of the new classical macroeconomics to our understanding of the workings of a market economy .

The sanguine view of the classical writers that deviations from the normal state of full employment could be regarded as temporary ‘ lapses from full employment ’ ( Pigou 's phrase ) was based upon a very simple disequilibrium adjustment mechanism derived from Marshallian partial equilibrium analysis .
the sanguine view of the classical writers that deviations from the normal state of full employment could be regarded as temporary ‘ lapses from full employment ’ ( pigou 's phrase ) was based upon a very simple disequilibrium [change] mechanism derived from marshallian partial equilibrium analysis .

However , the classical writers tended to transfer the same principles of adjustment from the microeconomic to the macroeconomic plane , though their applicability at this level of aggregation is altogether more problematical , as Keynes was to point out .
however , the classical writers tended to transfer the same principles of [change] from the microeconomic to the macroeconomic plane , though their applicability at this level of aggregation is altogether more problematical , as keynes was to point out .

Keynes 's theory of labour market adjustment has fallen victim to widespread ignorance and neglect .
keynes 's theory of labour market [change] has fallen victim to widespread ignorance and neglect .

The really fundamental point of dispute between Keynes 's analysis of the labour market and that of his classical predecessors lay , not in the depiction of a state of general unemployment , but in his rejection of the classical theory of disequilibrium adjustment .
the really fundamental point of dispute between keynes 's analysis of the labour market and that of his classical predecessors lay , not in the depiction of a state of general unemployment , but in his rejection of the classical theory of disequilibrium [change] .

Keynes summarized the fallacy that lay at the heart of the classical theory of labour market adjustment :
keynes summarized the fallacy that lay at the heart of the classical theory of labour market [change] :

The above brief account throws into sharp relief the essential differences between the Keynesian and classical theories of labour market adjustment .
the above brief account throws into sharp relief the essential differences between the keynesian and classical theories of labour market [change] .

One possible pattern of dynamic adjustment is illustrated in Figure 6.3 .
one possible pattern of dynamic [change] is illustrated in figure 6.3 .

Figure 6.3 Dynamic adjustment of the micro labour market
figure 6.3 dynamic [change] of the micro labour market

The Phillips curve : trade off or disequilibrium adjustment mechanism ?
the phillips curve : trade off or disequilibrium [change] mechanism ?

If this interpretation of the function is correct , that is , if is in reality a disequilibrium adjustment mechanism , then it can not be treated at one and the same time as a trade off relation .
if this interpretation of the function is correct , that is , if is in reality a disequilibrium [change] mechanism , then it can not be treated at one and the same time as a trade off relation .

What the ‘ Phillips curve as adjustment mechanism ’ approach suggests is that there are competitive forces at work serving to eliminate initial excess demand , positive or negative , in the labour market .
what the ‘ phillips curve as [change] mechanism ’ approach suggests is that there are competitive forces at work serving to eliminate initial excess demand , positive or negative , in the labour market .

If this is the case , however , several questions need to be answered in respect of classical theory before we can accept Pigou 's rehabilitation as complete and can consign Keynes 's theory of labour market adjustment to an unlamented oblivion : was classical theory guilty of confusing the workings of a money using economy with those of barter .
if this is the case , however , several questions need to be answered in respect of classical theory before we can accept pigou 's rehabilitation as complete and can consign keynes 's theory of labour market [change] to an unlamented oblivion : was classical theory guilty of confusing the workings of a money using economy with those of barter .

The first has already been dealt with in Chapter 6 when we discussed Friedman 's rehabilitation of Pigou 's theory of labour market adjustment : in a competitive market economy , relative prices will respond in such a way as to eliminate any chance discrepancy between the demands for and supplies of goods and factors of production .
the first has already been dealt with in chapter 6 when we discussed friedman 's rehabilitation of pigou 's theory of labour market [change] : in a competitive market economy , relative prices will respond in such a way as to eliminate any chance discrepancy between the demands for and supplies of goods and factors of production .

The principal repercussion of introducing rational expectations into macroeconomic models is to shorten dramatically the lags in adjustment which have traditionally preoccupied macroeconomists from widely differing ideological positions .
the principal repercussion of introducing rational expectations into macroeconomic models is to shorten dramatically the lags in [change] which have traditionally preoccupied macroeconomists from widely differing ideological positions .

In a new classical model , rational expectations will have the effect of eliminating many of the ‘ long and variable ’ lags of adjustment of the price level to an increase in the money supply so that the predictions of the simple quantity theory will be fulfilled with greater speed .
in a new classical model , rational expectations will have the effect of eliminating many of the ‘ long and variable ’ lags of [change] of the price level to an increase in the money supply so that the predictions of the simple quantity theory will be fulfilled with greater speed .

The most obvious culprits were the monopolistic practices of the trades unions which impeded the downward adjustment of money ( and hence real ) wages .
the most obvious culprits were the monopolistic practices of the trades unions which impeded the downward [change] of money ( and hence real ) wages .

Order 29 , r17 provides for adjustment at trial between a defendant who has made an interim payment and his co-defendants who are found liable to the plaintiff .
order 29 , r17 provides for [change] at trial between a defendant who has made an interim payment and his co-defendants who are found liable to the plaintiff .

Whilst that may work well enough in a small firm ( though even then the theory may need some adjustment , if only for example to permit decisions to be taken while partners are on holiday ) , the complexity which attends the affairs of all solicitors ' practices of any size will make it impossible to give each of the partners such degrees of freedom or power .
whilst that may work well enough in a small firm ( though even then the theory may need some [change] , if only for example to permit decisions to be taken while partners are on holiday ) , the complexity which attends the affairs of all solicitors ' practices of any size will make it impossible to give each of the partners such degrees of freedom or power .

An alternative to attempting to deal with such matters by a policy of continuous and possibly unsettling adjustment ( by moving departments and personnel around ) would be to allow each branch to become a separate partnership under the aegis of a superimposed managing firm .
an alternative to attempting to deal with such matters by a policy of continuous and possibly unsettling [change] ( by moving departments and personnel around ) would be to allow each branch to become a separate partnership under the aegis of a superimposed managing firm .

Some firms have adopted a formula which reserves a power to prevent more than one partner departing in any given period ( say a year ) , with complementary provisions to determine priority as between notices served on the same day , though in these frantic head-hunting times when whole departments may be recruited at a stroke , such provisions are realistically best seen as providing a basis for negotiation ( and perhaps financial adjustment by way of compensation ) .
some firms have adopted a formula which reserves a power to prevent more than one partner departing in any given period ( say a year ) , with complementary provisions to determine priority as between notices served on the same day , though in these frantic head-hunting times when whole departments may be recruited at a stroke , such provisions are realistically best seen as providing a basis for negotiation ( and perhaps financial [change] by way of compensation ) .

Similar considerations arise where auditors certify the adjustment rates of convertible shares and the price of shares for employees in share option schemes .
similar considerations arise where auditors certify the [change] rates of convertible shares and the price of shares for employees in share option schemes .

The auditors may also be called upon to certify the adjustment of the option prices which employees are required to pay to acquire shares in companies under employee share schemes : adjustment of the prices is necessary after capital reorganisation or rights issues .
the auditors may also be called upon to certify the [change] of the option prices which employees are required to pay to acquire shares in companies under employee share schemes : [change] of the prices is necessary after capital reorganisation or rights issues .

Expert determination is also used for the adjustment of the rate at which a convertible redeemable preference share is to be converted into , typically , an ordinary share , following a capital reorganisation or rights issue of the ordinary shares in the company .
expert determination is also used for the [change] of the rate at which a convertible redeemable preference share is to be converted into , typically , an ordinary share , following a capital reorganisation or rights issue of the ordinary shares in the company .

Under the relevant agreements , the directors usually make the adjustment , and if there is any doubt or dispute arising in respect of the adjustment the matter is referred to the auditors to certify an adjustment which is fair and reasonable in their view , to be binding on all concerned .
under the relevant agreements , the directors usually make the [change] , and if there is any doubt or dispute arising in respect of the [change] the matter is referred to the auditors to certify an [change] which is fair and reasonable in their view , to be binding on all concerned .

The alternative method is to provide that upon any adjustment of the base figure , the rent payable immediately before the adjustment becomes a fixed amount payable under the terms of the lease ( or is substituted for a fixed amount previously reserved ) .
the alternative method is to provide that upon any [change] of the base figure , the rent payable immediately before the [change] becomes a fixed amount payable under the terms of the lease ( or is substituted for a fixed amount previously reserved ) .

The deliberate adjustment of the general level of awards , or of any particular category established within that general level , is , however , the sole prerogative of the Court of Appeal , or conceivably of the House of Lords .
the deliberate [change] of the general level of awards , or of any particular category established within that general level , is , however , the sole prerogative of the court of appeal , or conceivably of the house of lords .

The adjustment to the indicative price is an art in that the purchaser takes account of the cost saving benefits it can bring to the vendor 's business , potential profit increases arising from market synergies and identified liabilities which may affect future profitability .
the [change] to the indicative price is an art in that the purchaser takes account of the cost saving benefits it can bring to the vendor 's business , potential profit increases arising from market synergies and identified liabilities which may affect future profitability .

We can see that it coincided with the beginning of that period when society in Britain was to adjust to the absolutely new conditions of the Industrial Revolution , to develop the political thought that signalled the recognition of the need to adjust , and of the institutions to realise the adjustment .
we can see that it coincided with the beginning of that period when society in britain was to adjust to the absolutely new conditions of the industrial revolution , to develop the political thought that signalled the recognition of the need to adjust , and of the institutions to realise the [change] .

The drawing of lines between right and wrong [ or duty and obligation ] is being overshadowed by the need for cooperative adjustment and common improvement among States competing for limited resources .
the drawing of lines between right and wrong [ or duty and obligation ] is being overshadowed by the need for cooperative [change] and common improvement among states competing for limited resources .

Judging the tension in the runners is difficult for someone who does n't drive a sled , and the lashings are probably best left easily untied for a final adjustment by the user .
judging the tension in the runners is difficult for someone who does n't drive a sled , and the lashings are probably best left easily untied for a final [change] by the user .

It may not be easy for social work training to take account of this adequately but it is highly desirable that more attention should be paid , in the making of a social worker , to the sexual side of his or her personality and sexual adjustment .
it may not be easy for social work training to take account of this adequately but it is highly desirable that more attention should be paid , in the making of a social worker , to the sexual side of his or her personality and sexual [change] .

When remarriage of the parent-with-custody takes place , the adjustment of the child to parental relationships will greatly affect that which takes place with the step-parent .
when remarriage of the parent-with-custody takes place , the [change] of the child to parental relationships will greatly affect that which takes place with the step-parent .

As Secretary of Agriculture Henry Wallace was under orders to produce rapid legislation , and in May 1933 the Agricultural Adjustment Act was passed .
as secretary of agriculture henry wallace was under orders to produce rapid legislation , and in may 1933 the agricultural [change] act was passed .

Teamwork , flexible use of spaces and rooms , and day-to-day adjustment of time allocations within block periods , become more possible .
teamwork , flexible use of spaces and rooms , and day-to-day [change] of time allocations within block periods , become more possible .

At that time , Kinsley took issue with the common belief `` that English could produce `` a unified human being capable of a ready and successful adjustment to the complex conditions of modern life , happy and with a sense of spiritual well-being `` .
at that time , kinsley took issue with the common belief `` that english could produce `` a unified human being capable of a ready and successful [change] to the complex conditions of modern life , happy and with a sense of spiritual well-being `` .

In all these cases some form of consultation of all interested parties and groups , and mutually acceptable or advantageous adjustment of the competing possibilities in as wide a context as possible is desirable .
in all these cases some form of consultation of all interested parties and groups , and mutually acceptable or advantageous [change] of the competing possibilities in as wide a context as possible is desirable .

The adjustment of female workers to their jobs is often made more difficult by the peculiar problems of the employed woman who must divide her interests and attention between the working world and her traditional role as a woman .
the [change] of female workers to their jobs is often made more difficult by the peculiar problems of the employed woman who must divide her interests and attention between the working world and her traditional role as a woman .

However , constant experiencing of anxiety dreams might suggest a waking life out of balance , a need for some adjustment .
however , constant experiencing of anxiety dreams might suggest a waking life out of balance , a need for some [change] .

‘ Such is happily not the case in Boston , ’ the assistant said , making a final and quite unnecessary adjustment to Ellie 's new hat .
‘ such is happily not the case in boston , ’ the assistant said , making a final and quite unnecessary [change] to ellie 's new hat .

This attention to the total psychological development of the child is indeed a new phenomenon , in that earlier generations of parents have been chiefly preoccupied by the related themes of physical survival and moral growth , rather than with concepts of mental health or social and emotional adjustment .
this attention to the total psychological development of the child is indeed a new phenomenon , in that earlier generations of parents have been chiefly preoccupied by the related themes of physical survival and moral growth , rather than with concepts of mental health or social and emotional [change] .

Briefly , child psychology is a luxury which only a small section of the world 's parents can afford to consider : mothers need a respite from the most urgent problems of hunger , sickness and exposure before they can give much attention to questions of personal adjustment and maladjustment .
briefly , child psychology is a luxury which only a small section of the world 's parents can afford to consider : mothers need a respite from the most urgent problems of hunger , sickness and exposure before they can give much attention to questions of personal [change] and maladjustment .

They asked not only about feeding , weaning and toileting practices , but also about such matters as the mothers ' ways of handling dependent and aggressive behaviour , their methods of disciplining , their feelings towards pregnancy , overt expression of affection , and adjustment in marriage .
they asked not only about feeding , weaning and toileting practices , but also about such matters as the mothers ' ways of handling dependent and aggressive behaviour , their methods of disciplining , their feelings towards pregnancy , overt expression of affection , and [change] in marriage .

Parenthood is generally recognised as a time of crisis and adjustment .
parenthood is generally recognised as a time of crisis and [change] .

Chronic illnesses such as epilepsy can cause adult sufferers to become dependent upon family members , which can lead to confusion about individual family roles : children may have to take on adult responsibilities , denying their right to be a child , and this can result in major adjustment and behavioural problems as they grow older .
chronic illnesses such as epilepsy can cause adult sufferers to become dependent upon family members , which can lead to confusion about individual family roles : children may have to take on adult responsibilities , denying their right to be a child , and this can result in major [change] and behavioural problems as they grow older .

Answering letters of complaint ( letters of adjustment ) .
answering letters of complaint ( letters of [change] ) .

Mice adjustment or other re-negotiated terms are the norm , and even if lawyers are consulted , matters will typically be settled rather than litigated .
mice [change] or other re-negotiated terms are the norm , and even if lawyers are consulted , matters will typically be settled rather than litigated .

Majority verdicts , a mechanical adjustment to the process of criminal trials rather than a genuinely new policy , touched a nerve in the body politic as matters concerning juries often do .
majority verdicts , a mechanical [change] to the process of criminal trials rather than a genuinely new policy , touched a nerve in the body politic as matters concerning juries often do .

Whereas conventional economic theory predicted that a change to flexible exchange rates would eliminate financial crises and allow markets to ease and soften adjustment to change , the opposite happened .
whereas conventional economic theory predicted that a change to flexible exchange rates would eliminate financial crises and allow markets to ease and soften [change] to change , the opposite happened .

Others were also ‘ safe ’ by virtue of being able to count on diplomatic help during the post-1982 adjustment .
others were also ‘ safe ’ by virtue of being able to count on diplomatic help during the post-1982 [change] .

For these countries , the impacts of what has been dubbed the ‘ forced adjustment phase ’ ( Mentre , 1984 ) were reflected internally , with the main burden of adjustment often falling on wage-earners .
for these countries , the impacts of what has been dubbed the ‘ forced [change] phase ’ ( mentre , 1984 ) were reflected internally , with the main burden of [change] often falling on wage-earners .

Where some have attempted to ignore international structural changes , others , perhaps grudgingly , have accepted the need for change and grasped the nettle of internal adjustment .
where some have attempted to ignore international structural changes , others , perhaps grudgingly , have accepted the need for change and grasped the nettle of internal [change] .

Rather than attempt to review all the conflicting theories about such issues and about how exchange rates affect adjustment and growth , we focus on two factors that have a direct impact on the relationships with foreign investors .
rather than attempt to review all the conflicting theories about such issues and about how exchange rates affect [change] and growth , we focus on two factors that have a direct impact on the relationships with foreign investors .

Such difficulties of determining the impact and the timing of adjustment make generalisations about trade policies elusive .
such difficulties of determining the impact and the timing of [change] make generalisations about trade policies elusive .

In May 1988 , the Kenyan government , dependent on the World Bank for a structural adjustment loan , agreed to this as part of the approved Industrial Sector Adjustment programme .
in may 1988 , the kenyan government , dependent on the world bank for a structural [change] loan , agreed to this as part of the approved industrial sector [change] programme .

Valuation problems are exacerbated when privatisation has been undertaken as part of a wider adjustment to outward-looking policies .
valuation problems are exacerbated when privatisation has been undertaken as part of a wider [change] to outward-looking policies .

Why a particular adjustment or radical change is made , and by what sectors of a society , depends on the conjuncture of a number of factors .
why a particular [change] or radical change is made , and by what sectors of a society , depends on the conjuncture of a number of factors .

When this process becomes revolutionary upheaval is not always easy to identify and the decision as to whether it was a radical reinterpretation rather than simply an adjustment depends on the observer 's standpoint .
when this process becomes revolutionary upheaval is not always easy to identify and the decision as to whether it was a radical reinterpretation rather than simply an [change] depends on the observer 's standpoint .

It is very , very seldom that adjustment of a product , once it has been rejected by the marketplace , will re-establish it .
it is very , very seldom that [change] of a product , once it has been rejected by the marketplace , will re-establish it .

The sociological movement in jurisprudence , the movement for pragmatism as a philosophy of law , the movement for the adjustment of principles and doctrines to the human conditions they are to govern rather than to assumed first principles , the movement for putting the human factor in the central place and relegating logic to its true position as an instrument , has scarcely shown itself as yet in America .
the sociological movement in jurisprudence , the movement for pragmatism as a philosophy of law , the movement for the [change] of principles and doctrines to the human conditions they are to govern rather than to assumed first principles , the movement for putting the human factor in the central place and relegating logic to its true position as an instrument , has scarcely shown itself as yet in america .

Impairment of warmth and rigid or anxious mothering styles also occur during the acute illness , and improvement may be delayed for up to one year , depending on the premorbid social adjustment .
impairment of warmth and rigid or anxious mothering styles also occur during the acute illness , and improvement may be delayed for up to one year , depending on the premorbid social [change] .

Substantial differences in sickness absence by grade remained even after adjustment for a wide range of risk factors .
substantial differences in sickness absence by grade remained even after [change] for a wide range of risk factors .

This would result in underestimation of their effects and incomplete adjustment of the grade differences in sickness absence .
this would result in underestimation of their effects and incomplete [change] of the grade differences in sickness absence .

However in industries like shipbuilding , oil refining or chemicals , production is so capital intensive that it restricts the possibility of transferring the burden of adjustment to small firms .
however in industries like shipbuilding , oil refining or chemicals , production is so capital intensive that it restricts the possibility of transferring the burden of [change] to small firms .

Adjustment to market variation is never painless , but the advantages of diversification were clearly evident when from 1979–82 Mitsubishi 's surplus shipyard workers were temporarily transferred to sell motor cars for the Mitsubishi Motor Company .
[change] to market variation is never painless , but the advantages of diversification were clearly evident when from 1979–82 mitsubishi 's surplus shipyard workers were temporarily transferred to sell motor cars for the mitsubishi motor company .

Like the subcontracting system , group affiliation provides an important adjustment cushion which helps to explain why keiretsu profits are much less variable , if not necessarily higher , than other firms .
like the subcontracting system , group affiliation provides an important [change] cushion which helps to explain why keiretsu profits are much less variable , if not necessarily higher , than other firms .

The prime movers in developing this structure have been larger firms who can expect favoured treatment in times of expansion , and can transfer adjustment burdens along a chain of subcontractors in recessions .
the prime movers in developing this structure have been larger firms who can expect favoured treatment in times of expansion , and can transfer [change] burdens along a chain of subcontractors in recessions .

the tie adjustment procedure ,
the tie [change] procedure ,

Perhaps , in the century of the movies , all this requires no great adjustment .
perhaps , in the century of the movies , all this requires no great [change] .

Each unit manager should have the establishment profile for the area of control made available each time an adjustment is made .
each unit manager should have the establishment profile for the area of control made available each time an [change] is made .

In such cases , some adjustment should be made for the individual wishing to complete a set , rather than having wholly to duplicate it .
in such cases , some [change] should be made for the individual wishing to complete a set , rather than having wholly to duplicate it .

Yvonne Loriod performs miracles of agogic adjustment here , and the whole texture surges with enthusiasm .
yvonne loriod performs miracles of agogic [change] here , and the whole texture surges with enthusiasm .

In Scotland until 1989 and in England and Wales until 1990 , the only local tax capable of local adjustment was the rate levied on occupied property .
in scotland until 1989 and in england and wales until 1990 , the only local tax capable of local [change] was the rate levied on occupied property .

Power steering , driver 's seat-height adjustment , central locking , internally adjustable mirrors and a first-aid kit are all now standard on these cars .
power steering , driver 's seat-height [change] , central locking , internally adjustable mirrors and a first-aid kit are all now standard on these cars .

Much of the literature concerned with ageing focuses upon notions such as satisfaction , adjustment and other terms describing individual psychological and social well being ( Coleman 1988 ) .
much of the literature concerned with ageing focuses upon notions such as satisfaction , [change] and other terms describing individual psychological and social well being ( coleman 1988 ) .

Insider trading on undisclosed information causes a more gradual adjustment in share prices than if the information is made public ( Manne , 1966 , p.87 ) .
insider trading on undisclosed information causes a more gradual [change] in share prices than if the information is made public ( manne , 1966 , p.87 ) .

Adjustment scales are available for maternal height .
[change] scales are available for maternal height .

Both the seat and pedals have a wide range of adjustment for reach .
both the seat and pedals have a wide range of [change] for reach .

No matter how carefully an angled cut is made with a mitre box , the play of the blade in the groove and the limited adjustment make this method far from satisfactory .
no matter how carefully an angled cut is made with a mitre box , the play of the blade in the groove and the limited [change] make this method far from satisfactory .

Although we identified the exchange rate as one of these important variables , we did not examine how different exchange rate systems affect the adjustment process .
although we identified the exchange rate as one of these important variables , we did not examine how different exchange rate systems affect the [change] process .

This section is designed to explain briefly the operation of various exchange rate arrangements , before we analyse in more depth in this and the next chapter how the type of exchange rate system influences the adjustment mechanism .
this section is designed to explain briefly the operation of various exchange rate arrangements , before we analyse in more depth in this and the next chapter how the type of exchange rate system influences the [change] mechanism .

Such a system may provide fairly stable exchange rates for the development of world trade and yet still permit some degree of adjustment via the exchange rate .
such a system may provide fairly stable exchange rates for the development of world trade and yet still permit some degree of [change] via the exchange rate .

Adjustment to a payments imbalance is restricted under a rigidly fixed exchange rate system since the authorities lose one of their policy tools , that is the ability to vary the exchange rate of their currency .
[change] to a payments imbalance is restricted under a rigidly fixed exchange rate system since the authorities lose one of their policy tools , that is the ability to vary the exchange rate of their currency .

There can be little doubt that the new order in the international monetary system , characterized by its arrangements for adjustment , liquidity , and cooperation , was a major factor in these developments .
there can be little doubt that the new order in the international monetary system , characterized by its arrangements for [change] , liquidity , and cooperation , was a major factor in these developments .

Adjustment also came to be regarded as a problem relevant to deficit and not to surplus countries .
[change] also came to be regarded as a problem relevant to deficit and not to surplus countries .

Thus the whole burden of adjustment was thrown onto the economies of certain weaker countries who were themselves reluctant to devalue and preferred to adopt expenditure-reducing policies .
thus the whole burden of [change] was thrown onto the economies of certain weaker countries who were themselves reluctant to devalue and preferred to adopt expenditure-reducing policies .

The Bretton Woods conference had accepted that adjustment should be borne by surplus as well as deficit countries through including a ‘ scarce-currency clause ’ in the articles of agreement .
the bretton woods conference had accepted that [change] should be borne by surplus as well as deficit countries through including a ‘ scarce-currency clause ’ in the articles of agreement .

However , the weakness of the adjustment mechanism became critical when the United States , the linchpin of the system , suffered continual balance of payments problems .
however , the weakness of the [change] mechanism became critical when the united states , the linchpin of the system , suffered continual balance of payments problems .

Although the conference brought about the first international agreement on a multilateral adjustment in exchange rates , it did not prevent the collapse of the adjustable peg system .
although the conference brought about the first international agreement on a multilateral [change] in exchange rates , it did not prevent the collapse of the adjustable peg system .

The extent to which the exchange rate can contribute to the adjustment mechanism , in either an automatic or a discretionary manner , is influenced by the type of exchange rate system in operation .
the extent to which the exchange rate can contribute to the [change] mechanism , in either an automatic or a discretionary manner , is influenced by the type of exchange rate system in operation .

The adjustable peg system was characterized by its arrangements for adjustment , liquidity , and cooperation .
the adjustable peg system was characterized by its arrangements for [change] , liquidity , and cooperation .

With adjustment , the essential feature was the fixed but adjustable exchange rate structure in which the dollar held a central position .
with [change] , the essential feature was the fixed but adjustable exchange rate structure in which the dollar held a central position .

But the adjustable peg system did not adequately specify if and when countries in surplus or deficit were to undertake exchange rate adjustment .
but the adjustable peg system did not adequately specify if and when countries in surplus or deficit were to undertake exchange rate [change] .

However , the system of floating exchange rates was thought at the time to be a temporary feature of the international monetary system : it was hoped that a new framework would be found for a return to some kind of adjustable peg in which the burden of adjustment was clearly defined , both for deficit and surplus countries , and in which reserve assets were not based primarily on one currency .
however , the system of floating exchange rates was thought at the time to be a temporary feature of the international monetary system : it was hoped that a new framework would be found for a return to some kind of adjustable peg in which the burden of [change] was clearly defined , both for deficit and surplus countries , and in which reserve assets were not based primarily on one currency .

To facilitate comparison with the adjustable peg , the major features of managed floating can be described under the headings of adjustment , liquidity , and cooperation .
to facilitate comparison with the adjustable peg , the major features of managed floating can be described under the headings of [change] , liquidity , and cooperation .

Under floating , the exchange rate can operate as a form of automatic adjustment to payments imbalances , although such adjustment may not be full or immediate .
under floating , the exchange rate can operate as a form of automatic [change] to payments imbalances , although such [change] may not be full or immediate .

Floating exchange rates have the added advantage that responsibility for the burden of adjustment does not have to be assigned to particular countries : with floating , the exchange rate mechanism itself should lead to an appreciation of strong currencies and a depreciation of weak currencies .
floating exchange rates have the added advantage that responsibility for the burden of [change] does not have to be assigned to particular countries : with floating , the exchange rate mechanism itself should lead to an appreciation of strong currencies and a depreciation of weak currencies .

In contrast , the operation of the adjustable peg was characterized by disputes as to whether the burden of adjustment should be borne by deficit or surplus countries .
in contrast , the operation of the adjustable peg was characterized by disputes as to whether the burden of [change] should be borne by deficit or surplus countries .

Discretionary adjustment via the exchange rate is not easy under managed floating .
discretionary [change] via the exchange rate is not easy under managed floating .

Nevertheless some form of discretionary adjustment may still be required , especially for deficit countries , since there is no guarantee that the exchange rate will adjust smoothly in such a manner as to ensure an equilibrium in the balance of payments .
nevertheless some form of discretionary [change] may still be required , especially for deficit countries , since there is no guarantee that the exchange rate will adjust smoothly in such a manner as to ensure an equilibrium in the balance of payments .

An additional consideration is that the adjustment process prior to floating was influenced by the one-way nature of speculative flows .
an additional consideration is that the [change] process prior to floating was influenced by the one-way nature of speculative flows .

The competence of the adjustment mechanism under managed floating was given a thorough testing by the oil shocks of 1973 — 74 and 1979 — 80 .
the competence of the [change] mechanism under managed floating was given a thorough testing by the oil shocks of 1973 — 74 and 1979 — 80 .

Simplicity There is no need for countries to decide what constitutes the appropriate exchange rate or for their general agreement on whether deficit or surplus countries are responsible for the adjustment burden .
simplicity there is no need for countries to decide what constitutes the appropriate exchange rate or for their general agreement on whether deficit or surplus countries are responsible for the [change] burden .

Continuous adjustment If a country is suffering balance of payments difficulties because of a long-run decline in its competitive position , then a floating exchange rate allows a gradual depreciation of the home currency to come about , thus providing a continuous stimulus to exports and a continuous discourage-ment to imports .
continuous [change] if a country is suffering balance of payments difficulties because of a long-run decline in its competitive position , then a floating exchange rate allows a gradual depreciation of the home currency to come about , thus providing a continuous stimulus to exports and a continuous discourage-ment to imports .

Extended Fund facility This facility provides 20 per cent of credit and was established in 1974 to assist countries on a longer-term basis for supporting adjustment efforts through structural reform and appropriate macroeconomic policies .
extended fund facility this facility provides 20 per cent of credit and was established in 1974 to assist countries on a longer-term basis for supporting [change] efforts through structural reform and appropriate macroeconomic policies .

Structural adjustment facility This was established in March 1986 to provide balance of payments assistance to low-income developing countries .
structural [change] facility this was established in march 1986 to provide balance of payments assistance to low-income developing countries .

Loans are available for a three-year period in support of a three-year macroeconomic and structural adjustment programme .
loans are available for a three-year period in support of a three-year macroeconomic and structural [change] programme .

The declaration recognized the special needs of the poorest developing countries and the proposals included con-cessional interest rates on debt as well as the adjustment of repayment periods .
the declaration recognized the special needs of the poorest developing countries and the proposals included con-cessional interest rates on debt as well as the [change] of repayment periods .

Adjustment can now come about automatically via the exchange rate , although the success of this mechanism depends upon the elasticity of demand for imports and exports as far as the current account is concerned , and on the stability of capital flows for an overall balance of payments .
[change] can now come about automatically via the exchange rate , although the success of this mechanism depends upon the elasticity of demand for imports and exports as far as the current account is concerned , and on the stability of capital flows for an overall balance of payments .

Then , if the general economic conclusions are considered unsatisfactory , a fiscal adjustment can be considered .
then , if the general economic conclusions are considered unsatisfactory , a fiscal [change] can be considered .

Therefore any adjustment which comes about as a result of an increase in the money supply will probably take place first of all through purchases of short-term , highly liquid financial assets such as Treasury bills and bank bills .
therefore any [change] which comes about as a result of an increase in the money supply will probably take place first of all through purchases of short-term , highly liquid financial assets such as treasury bills and bank bills .

The Keynesian concludes , therefore , that an increase in the money supply would not have a marked effect on economic activity since : ( a ) the money supply only influences economic activity indirectly via interest rates , and the latter may not be significantly affected anyway because all parts of the financial market bear the burden of adjustment ; and ( b ) investment expenditures may not be very sensitive to changes in interest rates .
the keynesian concludes , therefore , that an increase in the money supply would not have a marked effect on economic activity since : ( a ) the money supply only influences economic activity indirectly via interest rates , and the latter may not be significantly affected anyway because all parts of the financial market bear the burden of [change] ; and ( b ) investment expenditures may not be very sensitive to changes in interest rates .

Indeed the adjustable peg system was operated in such a way that the exchange rate was rarely used as a means of adjustment , and import restrictions were not allowed under the Bretton Woods agreement .
indeed the adjustable peg system was operated in such a way that the exchange rate was rarely used as a means of [change] , and import restrictions were not allowed under the bretton woods agreement .

First , it demonstrated that the adjustment of family income to family size had beneficial effects on the family 's health and standard of living .
first , it demonstrated that the [change] of family income to family size had beneficial effects on the family 's health and standard of living .

‘ There will be problems of defence , of transport and building , adjustment of Imperial policy confronted with the growing population of Asia and the reluctant birth-rate of the Dominions .
‘ there will be problems of defence , of transport and building , [change] of imperial policy confronted with the growing population of asia and the reluctant birth-rate of the dominions .

As a club we are very chuffed to be where we are and be able to have an input at such a high level of the game , but we believe their are grounds for an adjustment .
as a club we are very chuffed to be where we are and be able to have an input at such a high level of the game , but we believe their are grounds for an [change] .

Branch Stock Adjustment Account
branch stock [change] account

An adjustment for wear and tear will be made , where applicable if the sums insured are inadequate or there is no intention to replace or repair .
an [change] for wear and tear will be made , where applicable if the sums insured are inadequate or there is no intention to replace or repair .

Items more than 5 years old — cost of replacement as new less an adjustment for wear and tear .
items more than 5 years old — cost of replacement as new less an [change] for wear and tear .

An adjustment for wear and tear will also be made , where applicable if the sums insured are inadequate or there is no intention to replace or repair .
an [change] for wear and tear will also be made , where applicable if the sums insured are inadequate or there is no intention to replace or repair .

However , it is accepted that there will be specific cases where it is necessary to leave the salvage with the Policyholder for the purposes of a settlement , in which case some adjustment should be made to the settlement figure .
however , it is accepted that there will be specific cases where it is necessary to leave the salvage with the policyholder for the purposes of a settlement , in which case some [change] should be made to the settlement figure .

Any difficulty in recovering an excess from a Policyholder shall not affect the adjustment under the Agreement .
any difficulty in recovering an excess from a policyholder shall not affect the [change] under the agreement .

Endorsement 5 — Adjustment of Premium ( Annual Basis )
endorsement 5 — [change] of premium ( annual basis )

3.1.3 The Adjustment Period
3.1.3 the [change] period

The practicalities of service of the Summons , entering appearance , lodging Defences and so forth , are usually such that consideration of tactics can not be undertaken until the Adjustment Period is fixed .
the practicalities of service of the summons , entering appearance , lodging defences and so forth , are usually such that consideration of tactics can not be undertaken until the [change] period is fixed .

This is prepared by the pursuer 's agents and is a statement of the pursuer 's case and the defender 's response , now including any alterations known as adjustments , made in course of the Adjustment Period , thus for example , if one has obtained a Medical Report which suggests that the pursuer is exaggerating his injuries and that he should have returned to work earlier than he did , appropriate statement to that effect should have been included in the Adjustment Period and will now be incorporated in the Closed Record .
this is prepared by the pursuer 's agents and is a statement of the pursuer 's case and the defender 's response , now including any alterations known as adjustments , made in course of the [change] period , thus for example , if one has obtained a medical report which suggests that the pursuer is exaggerating his injuries and that he should have returned to work earlier than he did , appropriate statement to that effect should have been included in the [change] period and will now be incorporated in the closed record .

In the event that further investigation was required during the Adjustment Period , now is the appropriate time to assess that evidence and , if appropriate , to take further steps to attempt settlement .
in the event that further investigation was required during the [change] period , now is the appropriate time to assess that evidence and , if appropriate , to take further steps to attempt settlement .

The Court may allow an adjustment period , and practice to date suggests that usually both parties wish this .
the court may allow an [change] period , and practice to date suggests that usually both parties wish this .

After such period of adjustment as the Court may have allowed , the Record is closed and within fourteen days thereafter , each party is required to provide his opponent with ‘ a list of documents which are or have been in his possession or control relating to the matters in dispute in the action ’ .
after such period of [change] as the court may have allowed , the record is closed and within fourteen days thereafter , each party is required to provide his opponent with ‘ a list of documents which are or have been in his possession or control relating to the matters in dispute in the action ’ .

items more than five years old — cost of replacement as new less an adjustment for wear and tear
items more than five years old — cost of replacement as new less an [change] for wear and tear

An adjustment for wear and tear will also be made , where applicable , in the settlement of your claim if
an [change] for wear and tear will also be made , where applicable , in the settlement of your claim if

Taken together , these attachment problems indicate the need for measures to encourage a speedy adjustment , such as :
taken together , these attachment problems indicate the need for measures to encourage a speedy [change] , such as :

If staff are arriving before 0800 hours and leaving before 1515 hours they should complete a manual adjustment form for Friday 11 December 1992 in the normal way excluding any starting and finishing times .
if staff are arriving before 0800 hours and leaving before 1515 hours they should complete a manual [change] form for friday 11 december 1992 in the normal way excluding any starting and finishing times .

Allowing for handicap adjustment , there was little more than a stroke between them .
allowing for handicap [change] , there was little more than a stroke between them .

He had stayed with the launcher , calmly perfecting his adjustment of the aim .
he had stayed with the launcher , calmly perfecting his [change] of the aim .

Our most important finding , however , was that age was only weakly associated with mortality , even after adjustment for the severity of comorbid conditions .
our most important finding , however , was that age was only weakly associated with mortality , even after [change] for the severity of comorbid conditions .

Colander and Olson contend that the effect of coalition power is to reduce the speed and quality of adjustment to changing economic circumstances .
colander and olson contend that the effect of coalition power is to reduce the speed and quality of [change] to changing economic circumstances .

The shutter — controls the duration of exposure Focus adjustment — alters lens-to-film distance View finder — Shows angular field of view Aperture stop — determines area through which light enters the camera
the shutter — controls the duration of exposure focus [change] — alters lens-to-film distance view finder — shows angular field of view aperture stop — determines area through which light enters the camera

The alcohol can be blended with petrol to a proportion of up to 20 % alcohol and run in a conventional car engine without adjustment .
the alcohol can be blended with petrol to a proportion of up to 20 % alcohol and run in a conventional car engine without [change] .

Unfortunately , the pace of adjustment in trade imbalances slowed in the second half of last year as the impact of the dollar 's depreciation started to taper off and Japan 's capital-goods exporters got into top gear .
unfortunately , the pace of [change] in trade imbalances slowed in the second half of last year as the impact of the dollar 's depreciation started to taper off and japan 's capital-goods exporters got into top gear .

Indeed , Japan wins praise from the Fund for its rapid adjustment to the stronger yen .
indeed , japan wins praise from the fund for its rapid [change] to the stronger yen .

These would include adjustment for items which are not tax deductible ; for example entertaining , and items for which special reliefs are given ; for example capital expenditure where allowances at certain specified rates can be claimed instead of depreciation as shown in the accounts .
these would include [change] for items which are not tax deductible ; for example entertaining , and items for which special reliefs are given ; for example capital expenditure where allowances at certain specified rates can be claimed instead of depreciation as shown in the accounts .

The result accurately reflected the election campaign , which had sharply polarized the country on political , racial and class lines , despite the similarity , if not the style of presentation , of both candidates ' short-term economic adjustment policies .
the result accurately reflected the election campaign , which had sharply polarized the country on political , racial and class lines , despite the similarity , if not the style of presentation , of both candidates ' short-term economic [change] policies .

The then Finance Minister , Eclée Iturbe de Blanco , announced on March 12 , 1989 , that a single floating exchange rate would be imposed with effect from the following day for all financial transactions as part of the economic adjustment programme .
the then finance minister , eclée iturbe de blanco , announced on march 12 , 1989 , that a single floating exchange rate would be imposed with effect from the following day for all financial transactions as part of the economic [change] programme .

The official communiqué referred to developments in global financial markets , `` especially the decline of the yen against other currencies and its undesirable consequences for the global adjustment process `` .
the official communiqué referred to developments in global financial markets , `` especially the decline of the yen against other currencies and its undesirable consequences for the global [change] process `` .

In order to be effective , the resolution emphasized , such initiatives would require adequate financial support for growth-oriented adjustment programmes , including debt service reduction and the provision of new funds , thus making payment compatible with sustained economic reactivation , growth and the satisfaction of social needs .
in order to be effective , the resolution emphasized , such initiatives would require adequate financial support for growth-oriented [change] programmes , including debt service reduction and the provision of new funds , thus making payment compatible with sustained economic reactivation , growth and the satisfaction of social needs .

The 1990 budget , presented by Babangida on Jan. 1 , renewed the government 's commitment to economic reform under the structural adjustment programme [ see p. 37140 ] , and stated that emphasis would be placed on reducing inflation and restricting monetary expansion .
the 1990 budget , presented by babangida on jan. 1 , renewed the government 's commitment to economic reform under the structural [change] programme [ see p. 37140 ] , and stated that emphasis would be placed on reducing inflation and restricting monetary expansion .

Economic adjustment package
economic [change] package

Falling prices of key agricultural commodities ( including coffee , copra and cocoa ) compounded the economic consequences of the closure and forced Finance Minister Paul Pora to announce an emergency adjustment package on Jan. 9 .
falling prices of key agricultural commodities ( including coffee , copra and cocoa ) compounded the economic consequences of the closure and forced finance minister paul pora to announce an emergency [change] package on jan. 9 .

Morocco and the World Bank reached an agreement on Dec. 1 , 1988 , for the disbursement of a dollars 200,000,000 loan ( repayable over 20 years ) to help finance the country 's medium-term adjustment programme and enable Morocco to reduce import procedures and encourage exports .
morocco and the world bank reached an agreement on dec. 1 , 1988 , for the disbursement of a dollars 200,000,000 loan ( repayable over 20 years ) to help finance the country 's medium-term [change] programme and enable morocco to reduce import procedures and encourage exports .

The government on Sept. 21 launched an economic recovery plan , anticipating a full-scale structural adjustment programme expected to be introduced in 1991 .
the government on sept. 21 launched an economic recovery plan , anticipating a full-scale structural [change] programme expected to be introduced in 1991 .

On Nov. 24 , 1989 , legislation had been approved for the equal legal protection of public and private property and for the abolition of social adjustment centres .
on nov. 24 , 1989 , legislation had been approved for the equal legal protection of public and private property and for the abolition of social [change] centres .

On Feb. 6 the World Bank for the first time made major loans to Poland for structural adjustment purposes , totalling $ 360,000,000 , while indicating that loans in the pipeline could total five times that amount in 1990 .
on feb. 6 the world bank for the first time made major loans to poland for structural [change] purposes , totalling $ 360,000,000 , while indicating that loans in the pipeline could total five times that amount in 1990 .

Successive devaluations of the dong to close parity with the black-market exchange rate [ for March 1989 adjustment see p. 36524 ] , and the decision to regulate the printing of paper money instilled some popular confidence in the currency .
successive devaluations of the dong to close parity with the black-market exchange rate [ for march 1989 [change] see p. 36524 ] , and the decision to regulate the printing of paper money instilled some popular confidence in the currency .

Under William and Anne a certain degree of ideological adjustment can be detected for both parties , as the Whigs shed their Country wing and became to all intents and purposes a Court party , whilst the Country platform came to be absorbed within Toryism .
under william and anne a certain degree of ideological [change] can be detected for both parties , as the whigs shed their country wing and became to all intents and purposes a court party , whilst the country platform came to be absorbed within toryism .

But adjustment to changing circumstances went deeper than formal organisation .
but [change] to changing circumstances went deeper than formal organisation .

The acquirer will want to examine carefully what costs and fees are proposed to be paid by the target since , if there is no adjustment to net assets at completion , moneys paid by the target will effectively have been paid by the acquirer .
the acquirer will want to examine carefully what costs and fees are proposed to be paid by the target since , if there is no [change] to net assets at completion , moneys paid by the target will effectively have been paid by the acquirer .

By minimising the net asset value which he is acquiring or year to date turnover , the purchaser is seeking a price reduction if the price is based on one or other of these factors or if there is a price adjustment mechanism based on either item .
by minimising the net asset value which he is acquiring or year to date turnover , the purchaser is seeking a price reduction if the price is based on one or other of these factors or if there is a price [change] mechanism based on either item .

No adjustment is to be made to the carrying value of prepaid advertising brochure and directory costs to take account of the sale of the company or any proposed change of name
no [change] is to be made to the carrying value of prepaid advertising brochure and directory costs to take account of the sale of the company or any proposed change of name

Adjustment in declining markets : international comparisons of the steel industry
[change] in declining markets : international comparisons of the steel industry

The patterns and speed of adjustment of supply to these trends varied among the three major regions .
the patterns and speed of [change] of supply to these trends varied among the three major regions .

Economic theory suggests that important factors affecting the adjustment process are : uncertainty about future demand ; the presence of costs associated with leaving markets ; the size structure of enterprises in the industry ; the degree of competition or cooperation between them ; and the nature of public policy towards the industry .
economic theory suggests that important factors affecting the [change] process are : uncertainty about future demand ; the presence of costs associated with leaving markets ; the size structure of enterprises in the industry ; the degree of competition or cooperation between them ; and the nature of public policy towards the industry .

The importance of these adjustment and adaptation processes suggest that the nature of management itself is a crucial aspect of the competitiveness issue .
the importance of these [change] and adaptation processes suggest that the nature of management itself is a crucial aspect of the competitiveness issue .

The approach to modelling which places emphasis on the relationship between stocks and flows and the ‘ error correction mechanism ’ , in which data innovations are explained by deviations from theoretical steady- state conditions , is used as an underlying principle of dynamic adjustment .
the approach to modelling which places emphasis on the relationship between stocks and flows and the ‘ error correction mechanism ’ , in which data innovations are explained by deviations from theoretical steady- state conditions , is used as an underlying principle of dynamic [change] .

The second aim of the investigation is to analyse the applicability of statistical methods to changing processes and investigate how econometric techniques need to be extended to cope with the more complicated economic relationships created by adjustment and change .
the second aim of the investigation is to analyse the applicability of statistical methods to changing processes and investigate how econometric techniques need to be extended to cope with the more complicated economic relationships created by [change] and change .

Redundancy is a predominant form of adjustment to changes in the demand for labour .
redundancy is a predominant form of [change] to changes in the demand for labour .

Why it is chosen as an adjustment option by firms , the labour market experience of subsequently unemployed workers and the secondary employment effects of redundancy , form the central topics of the research .
why it is chosen as an [change] option by firms , the labour market experience of subsequently unemployed workers and the secondary employment effects of redundancy , form the central topics of the research .

The process of labour market adjustment is central to the reallocation of resources and subsequent employment expansion which are the goals of macroeconomic policy in developing countries .
the process of labour market [change] is central to the reallocation of resources and subsequent employment expansion which are the goals of macroeconomic policy in developing countries .

The case studies will be written within a previously defined framework , which will include the definition of common measures of debt bargain and adjustment , provide an analytical context including relevant elements in economic and political science theory as well as suggest a hypothesis to be tested in relation to the differences in the terms obtained by different countries .
the case studies will be written within a previously defined framework , which will include the definition of common measures of debt bargain and [change] , provide an analytical context including relevant elements in economic and political science theory as well as suggest a hypothesis to be tested in relation to the differences in the terms obtained by different countries .

The differences and similarities to be explained will include not only the value of the debt relief , but also the new credit flows obtained and the economic adjustment required , as part of the ‘ debt bargains ’ .
the differences and similarities to be explained will include not only the value of the debt relief , but also the new credit flows obtained and the economic [change] required , as part of the ‘ debt bargains ’ .

Industrial change and labour force adjustment in Britain and France
industrial change and labour force [change] in britain and france

The project investigates this more fully , and asks why British and French firms should rely on different types of adjustment , and how far this is caused by differences between the two countries in the organisation of vocational training , and that of skilled work , in collective bargaining arrangements , and in labour market organisation .
the project investigates this more fully , and asks why british and french firms should rely on different types of [change] , and how far this is caused by differences between the two countries in the organisation of vocational training , and that of skilled work , in collective bargaining arrangements , and in labour market organisation .

structural adjustment , including firms ' strategies and industrial structure ; and
structural [change] , including firms ' strategies and industrial structure ; and

Finally , it must be recognised that adjustment may be less than instantaneous , both because production processes take time and because the presence of transactions costs and other risks leads to a world in which contracts exist and expectational errors have real effects .
finally , it must be recognised that [change] may be less than instantaneous , both because production processes take time and because the presence of transactions costs and other risks leads to a world in which contracts exist and expectational errors have real effects .

structural adjustment , including firms ' strategies and industrial structure ; and
structural [change] , including firms ' strategies and industrial structure ; and

The main focus of the work in the energy area is into the determinants of energy demand in the longer term ( including the effects of price , technical change and structural adjustment ) , the technological and economical assessment of alternative energy production systems , and the impact of new electronics related technologies on energy consumption and production .
the main focus of the work in the energy area is into the determinants of energy demand in the longer term ( including the effects of price , technical change and structural [change] ) , the technological and economical assessment of alternative energy production systems , and the impact of new electronics related technologies on energy consumption and production .

This project aims to show how implementation actually occurs , by contemporaneous monitoring of all stages of the implementation process , from Community measure through to adjustment of business and other relevant behaviour .
this project aims to show how implementation actually occurs , by contemporaneous monitoring of all stages of the implementation process , from community measure through to [change] of business and other relevant behaviour .

Occasionally ad hoc adjustment is made for household size by reference to Supplementary Benefit scale rates .
occasionally ad hoc [change] is made for household size by reference to supplementary benefit scale rates .

In Glasgow , his adjustment to the Scottish game has brought increased menace with every season .
in glasgow , his [change] to the scottish game has brought increased menace with every season .

In recent years , increasing attention has been given to the social costs of economic recession and adjustment measures in developing countries .
in recent years , increasing attention has been given to the social costs of economic recession and [change] measures in developing countries .

But , like myself , there are many wondering whether there was any adjustment at all in the following two months .
but , like myself , there are many wondering whether there was any [change] at all in the following two months .

This workstation passed most assessment criteria , except for the following : — the chair should be capable of height adjustment and should provide adjustable back support ; a document holder is needed to reduce possible eye strain ; and the work surface did not allow sufficient space at the front of the keyboard .
this workstation passed most assessment criteria , except for the following : — the chair should be capable of height [change] and should provide adjustable back support ; a document holder is needed to reduce possible eye strain ; and the work surface did not allow sufficient space at the front of the keyboard .

Eva did n't find it a problem once she had made the initial adjustment .
eva did n't find it a problem once she had made the initial [change] .

The rate of interest , the Accelerator Theory , the Capital Stock Adjustment Model , profitability , ‘ crowding out ’ , uncertainty , public policies and inadequate financial provision , are all considered .
the rate of interest , the accelerator theory , the capital stock [change] model , profitability , ‘ crowding out ’ , uncertainty , public policies and inadequate financial provision , are all considered .

Examples of these are the Commission 's own proposals to extend privileges for unconvicted prisoners on remand to convicted prisoners awaiting sentence [ which will encourage early guilty pleas ] and the adjustment of legal aid fee scales to encourage more early preparatory work by counsel so that important decisions are not made at the last minute .
examples of these are the commission 's own proposals to extend privileges for unconvicted prisoners on remand to convicted prisoners awaiting sentence [ which will encourage early guilty pleas ] and the [change] of legal aid fee scales to encourage more early preparatory work by counsel so that important decisions are not made at the last minute .

‘ Then your book needs some adjustment .
‘ then your book needs some [change] .

Encounters with professionals are dominated by medical and therapeutic interventions designed to return us to ablebodiedness to assist our physical and psychological ‘ adjustment ’ to personal limitations .
encounters with professionals are dominated by medical and therapeutic interventions designed to return us to ablebodiedness to assist our physical and psychological ‘ [change] ’ to personal limitations .

In the event of a capitalisation or rights issue or the sub-division , consolidation or reduction of the Company 's ordinary share capital , then the numbers of shares referred to in paragraph 5(i) hereof , the option price of shares under option and the number and nominal value of such shares may be adjusted with the confirmation in writing of the Company 's auditors ( except in the case of a capitalisation issue ) that such adjustment is fair and reasonable .
in the event of a capitalisation or rights issue or the sub-division , consolidation or reduction of the company 's ordinary share capital , then the numbers of shares referred to in paragraph 5(i) hereof , the option price of shares under option and the number and nominal value of such shares may be adjusted with the confirmation in writing of the company 's auditors ( except in the case of a capitalisation issue ) that such [change] is fair and reasonable .

‘ Demoralisation ’ here refers literally to the ‘ development of attitudes and habits which are out of adjustment with the dominant social codes ’ .
‘ demoralisation ’ here refers literally to the ‘ development of attitudes and habits which are out of [change] with the dominant social codes ’ .

This consideration of the events and operations may lead to a tuning of the model , an adjustment of the entitles and the attributes .
this consideration of the events and operations may lead to a tuning of the model , an [change] of the entitles and the attributes .

Industrialism requires a very delicate adjustment of demographic growth : not too fast ; because that will lower wages and thus both consumer demand and the incentive to labour saving investment ; not too slow , for that will raise wages so high as to entrench on profits and the capacity for investment .
industrialism requires a very delicate [change] of demographic growth : not too fast ; because that will lower wages and thus both consumer demand and the incentive to labour saving investment ; not too slow , for that will raise wages so high as to entrench on profits and the capacity for investment .

Sometimes , however , a sharp shock is required to signal the extent of the adjustment eventually required and the government 's commitment to seeing that adjustment is actually made .
sometimes , however , a sharp shock is required to signal the extent of the [change] eventually required and the government 's commitment to seeing that [change] is actually made .

There should yet be adjustment between them , and the boy should be made to witness it , whether he would or no .
there should yet be [change] between them , and the boy should be made to witness it , whether he would or no .

Adjustment was difficult and the transition from a rural to an inner-city setting was hardest for women .
[change] was difficult and the transition from a rural to an inner-city setting was hardest for women .

Adjustment with an inhuman face
[change] with an inhuman face

There are three main reasons for this extraordinarily depressing decline : the debt crisis ; the brutal ‘ adjustment ’ policies thrust upon poor countries by the international financial institutions of the rich ; and the appalling decline in the commodity prices on which Third World countries depend .
there are three main reasons for this extraordinarily depressing decline : the debt crisis ; the brutal ‘ [change] ’ policies thrust upon poor countries by the international financial institutions of the rich ; and the appalling decline in the commodity prices on which third world countries depend .

Adjustment — turning the screw
[change] — turning the screw

What is politely and euphemistically called ‘ adjustment ’ is the next piece in the jigsaw of a declining Third World .
what is politely and euphemistically called ‘ [change] ’ is the next piece in the jigsaw of a declining third world .

This Unholy Trinity of debt , adjustment and worsening terms of trade has started to reverse the progress made in Africa , Latin America and , to a much lesser extent , in Asia .
this unholy trinity of debt , [change] and worsening terms of trade has started to reverse the progress made in africa , latin america and , to a much lesser extent , in asia .

Adjustment has replaced Development in the glossary of the International set .
[change] has replaced development in the glossary of the international set .

Does the Secretary of State agree that , whatever the merits of Her Majesty 's inspectors being involved in the advocacy of method , their function of providing independent and publicised reports on the quality of education has never been in question ? If he wishes to make an adjustment , would not it be more sensible to detach their role from advocacy of method and confine it solely to inspection ? Is not his solution of private consultants to be engaged by competitive schools asking for trouble , because it creates an automatic conflict of interest and renders their reports suspect by definition ?
does the secretary of state agree that , whatever the merits of her majesty 's inspectors being involved in the advocacy of method , their function of providing independent and publicised reports on the quality of education has never been in question ? if he wishes to make an [change] , would not it be more sensible to detach their role from advocacy of method and confine it solely to inspection ? is not his solution of private consultants to be engaged by competitive schools asking for trouble , because it creates an automatic conflict of interest and renders their reports suspect by definition ?

Does my hon. Friend believe that interest rates should be reduced by 0.5 per cent . now and that immediate action would save thousands of jobs ? Do the Government have the ability to make that adjustment , or are they tied hand and foot by the exchange rate mechanism ? If so , will my hon. Friend say so ?
does my hon. friend believe that interest rates should be reduced by 0.5 per cent . now and that immediate action would save thousands of jobs ? do the government have the ability to make that [change] , or are they tied hand and foot by the exchange rate mechanism ? if so , will my hon. friend say so ?

On 5 December The Scotsman said : ’ Of course , upon devolution there would have to be an adjustment in spending : there is no dispute about that .
on 5 december the scotsman said : ’ of course , upon devolution there would have to be an [change] in spending : there is no dispute about that .

Area Cost Adjustment
area cost [change]

To ask the Secretary of State for the Environment if he will consider the abolition of the area cost adjustment .
to ask the secretary of state for the environment if he will consider the abolition of the area cost [change] .

That is the purpose of the area cost adjustment .
that is the purpose of the area cost [change] .

Growing up with divorce : a study of adolescents and their adjustment to family breakdown
growing up with divorce : a study of adolescents and their [change] to family breakdown

Modern types of ballvalve come with a much easier method of adjustment .
modern types of ballvalve come with a much easier method of [change] .

Once you are in the loft , it is better to use compression or push-fit fittings since they allow for some adjustment later and the fire risk of using a blowlamp is avoided .
once you are in the loft , it is better to use compression or push-fit fittings since they allow for some [change] later and the fire risk of using a blowlamp is avoided .

‘ We 'll try again next — ’ Then he broke off , made a tiny adjustment of the device , and suddenly there it was — a rapid , fluttering little beat that was lost again for several seconds as Faye tensed and moved .
‘ we 'll try again next — ’ then he broke off , made a tiny [change] of the device , and suddenly there it was — a rapid , fluttering little beat that was lost again for several seconds as faye tensed and moved .

Even in situations where there is a published list covering the requirements of the type of library or the subject area to be indexed , this list is likely to require adjustment in order to make it compatible with local requirements .
even in situations where there is a published list covering the requirements of the type of library or the subject area to be indexed , this list is likely to require [change] in order to make it compatible with local requirements .

‘ Because any changes , however positive , require adjustment , and most people feel more comfortable with the familiar . ’
‘ because any changes , however positive , require [change] , and most people feel more comfortable with the familiar . ’

Consider the dynamic adjustment process which might reasonably be postulated for the monopolistic competition model , paying especial attention to entry and exit .
consider the dynamic [change] process which might reasonably be postulated for the monopolistic competition model , paying especial attention to entry and exit .

In other words , at the factor prices ruling , the demand for factors is such that the constraint on capital is binding but not the constraint on labour ( we do not go into the dynamic adjustment process by which this rationed equilibrium has been reached ) .
in other words , at the factor prices ruling , the demand for factors is such that the constraint on capital is binding but not the constraint on labour ( we do not go into the dynamic [change] process by which this rationed equilibrium has been reached ) .

, about the adjustment for inflation ) .
, about the [change] for inflation ) .

Given the precedent of 1925 , it is extraordinary that its lessons have not been learnt : the inadvisability of one country pegging its currency to a more powerful one ; the inadvisability , indeed , of that country artificially pegging its currency at all in the face of pressures , speculative and real , which are likely in the fullness of time to force adjustment towards a rate determined by economic forces reflective not of political desire but of relative unit costs between countries .
given the precedent of 1925 , it is extraordinary that its lessons have not been learnt : the inadvisability of one country pegging its currency to a more powerful one ; the inadvisability , indeed , of that country artificially pegging its currency at all in the face of pressures , speculative and real , which are likely in the fullness of time to force [change] towards a rate determined by economic forces reflective not of political desire but of relative unit costs between countries .

Whatever the nature of price adjustment costs , one important development in establishing the micro-foundations of Keynesian wage or price rigidity has emphasized that these costs need not be substantial to lead to rigidities which can have important macroeconomic consequences .
whatever the nature of price [change] costs , one important development in establishing the micro-foundations of keynesian wage or price rigidity has emphasized that these costs need not be substantial to lead to rigidities which can have important macroeconomic consequences .

Two lagged money growth terms to pick up any elements of serial dependence or lagged adjustment not captured by the other explanatory variables .
two lagged money growth terms to pick up any elements of serial dependence or lagged [change] not captured by the other explanatory variables .

Such costs suggest portfolio adjustment by means of large lumpy transactions rather than by the continuous small transactions implied by quadratic costs .
such costs suggest portfolio [change] by means of large lumpy transactions rather than by the continuous small transactions implied by quadratic costs .

Equation ( 4 ) may be solved ( for details see Sargent , 1979 ) to yield : Here are dependent upon both and the adjustment cost parameters and denotes an expectation .
equation ( 4 ) may be solved ( for details see sargent , 1979 ) to yield : here are dependent upon both and the [change] cost parameters and denotes an expectation .

Higher order lagged dependent variables may be introduced by invoking additional adjustment costs arising , for example , from an acceleration in portfolio investment .
higher order lagged dependent variables may be introduced by invoking additional [change] costs arising , for example , from an acceleration in portfolio investment .

The lagged dependent variables suggest that adjustment costs are of importance whilst the presence of lagged determinants of the desired stock suggests that there is more in the data than a simple first-order partial adjustment model might permit .
the lagged dependent variables suggest that [change] costs are of importance whilst the presence of lagged determinants of the desired stock suggests that there is more in the data than a simple first-order partial [change] model might permit .

As far as the Bank of England is concerned , the adjustment consists this time of a rearrangement solely of its liabilities .
as far as the bank of england is concerned , the [change] consists this time of a rearrangement solely of its liabilities .

Clearly , if continued , this must entail some marginal adjustment to the stock proportions in Fig .
clearly , if continued , this must entail some marginal [change] to the stock proportions in fig .

She gave herself a full minute to find her bearings in this mute kingdom , and her senses made the adjustment gratefully .
she gave herself a full minute to find her bearings in this mute kingdom , and her senses made the [change] gratefully .

All that had once seemed clear was clouding now , and she chafed under the demand for moral adjustment to this difficult guest with her very real needs .
all that had once seemed clear was clouding now , and she chafed under the demand for moral [change] to this difficult guest with her very real needs .

1 The spatial distribution of human activity reflects an ordered adjustment to the factor of distance .
1 the spatial distribution of human activity reflects an ordered [change] to the factor of distance .

Mr. Townsend reported that he had difficulty getting any sense out of the staff at Ostend , and in the end he completed an adjustment voucher given to him by the purser on the ship .
mr. townsend reported that he had difficulty getting any sense out of the staff at ostend , and in the end he completed an [change] voucher given to him by the purser on the ship .

Because management is made up of virtually constant negotiation and adjustment it can only flourish in the context of other people .
because management is made up of virtually constant negotiation and [change] it can only flourish in the context of other people .

making existing facilities used by employees readily accessible to and usable by individuals with disabilities ; and … job restructuring , part-time or modified work schedules , reassignment to a vacant position , acquisition or modification of equipment or devices , appropriate adjustment or modifications of examinations , training materials or policies , the provision of qualified readers or interpreters , and other similar accommodations for individuals with disabilities .
making existing facilities used by employees readily accessible to and usable by individuals with disabilities ; and … job restructuring , part-time or modified work schedules , reassignment to a vacant position , acquisition or modification of equipment or devices , appropriate [change] or modifications of examinations , training materials or policies , the provision of qualified readers or interpreters , and other similar accommodations for individuals with disabilities .

The outcomes may range from complete correction to the professional satisfaction of the engineer , to an adjustment to the areas of responsibility between the parties which may result , in extreme cases , in the engineer contracting out of further responsibility or abandoning his or her engagement .
the outcomes may range from complete correction to the professional satisfaction of the engineer , to an [change] to the areas of responsibility between the parties which may result , in extreme cases , in the engineer contracting out of further responsibility or abandoning his or her engagement .

But it was a long step from this to Meade 's contention that the government could by its adjustment of demand raise the level of employment permanently .
but it was a long step from this to meade 's contention that the government could by its [change] of demand raise the level of employment permanently .

Many of these are subsumed within our business operating profits through changing cost competitiveness , or lags in market adjustment to movements in prices .
many of these are subsumed within our business operating profits through changing cost competitiveness , or lags in market [change] to movements in prices .

Employees must notify their Head of Department where the normal mode of transport is changed and the Head of Department will determine if any adjustment is to be made to compensation and arrangements .
employees must notify their head of department where the normal mode of transport is changed and the head of department will determine if any [change] is to be made to compensation and arrangements .

— an adjustment to the working hours .
— an [change] to the working hours .

None of this brings any need for adjustment to the principles outlined in Chapter 1 , nor to what we have to say about adjectives .
none of this brings any need for [change] to the principles outlined in chapter 1 , nor to what we have to say about adjectives .

Jordanian sources denied that the talks had included discussion of a possible renegotiation of an economic adjustment programme signed in 1989 [ see p. 36602 ] .
jordanian sources denied that the talks had included discussion of a possible renegotiation of an economic [change] programme signed in 1989 [ see p. 36602 ] .

Race norming `` — the adjustment of employment test scores according to race , sex , religion or national origin — was also prohibited by the bill .
race norming `` — the [change] of employment test scores according to race , sex , religion or national origin — was also prohibited by the bill .

The harsher budgets of previous years had been framed in the context of significant deficits , and in line with the requirements of the IMF-backed structural adjustment programme .
the harsher budgets of previous years had been framed in the context of significant deficits , and in line with the requirements of the imf-backed structural [change] programme .

In a period dominated by the processes of , and adjustment to , unification , the implementation of the state treaties instituting economic and monetary union ( July 1 , 1990 ) and the unification of the two German states ( Oct. 3 , 1990 ) were the most significant events .
in a period dominated by the processes of , and [change] to , unification , the implementation of the state treaties instituting economic and monetary union ( july 1 , 1990 ) and the unification of the two german states ( oct. 3 , 1990 ) were the most significant events .

On July 23 , 1990 , member government signed a convention on the elimination of double taxation in connection with the adjustment of profits of associated companies , when , for instance , two companies from different countries decided to merge .
on july 23 , 1990 , member government signed a convention on the elimination of double taxation in connection with the [change] of profits of associated companies , when , for instance , two companies from different countries decided to merge .

**3.4 after price adjustment
**3.4 after price [change]

***After adjustment
***after [change]

Efforts had to be made to effect a `` basic state budget adjustment `` .
efforts had to be made to effect a `` basic state budget [change] `` .

( 3 ) Prohibiting adjustment , also called " norming " , of test results earned by racial or other groups .
( 3 ) prohibiting [change] , also called " norming " , of test results earned by racial or other groups .

The package was accompanied by a 10,000 sucre cost-of-living adjustment grant for all workers .
the package was accompanied by a 10,000 sucre cost-of-living [change] grant for all workers .

According to Planning Minister Paulo Haddad and Economy and Finance Minister Gustavo Krause , the programme was more than an adjustment exercise and represented Itamar 's `` entire `` programme .
according to planning minister paulo haddad and economy and finance minister gustavo krause , the programme was more than an [change] exercise and represented itamar 's `` entire `` programme .

Approval of adjustment to 1992 budget
approval of [change] to 1992 budget

In its report , Sub-Saharan Africa : From Crisis to Sustainable Growth , published on Nov. 22 , 1989 , the World Bank reaffirmed the need for structural adjustment programmes ( SAPs ) as a prerequisite for economic recovery , but laid greater emphasis on `` human-centred `` development .
in its report , sub-saharan africa : from crisis to sustainable growth , published on nov. 22 , 1989 , the world bank reaffirmed the need for structural [change] programmes ( saps ) as a prerequisite for economic recovery , but laid greater emphasis on `` human-centred `` development .

There was widespread support for his contention that both the Congress and the judiciary were corrupt and were obstructing the government 's economic structural adjustment programme .
there was widespread support for his contention that both the congress and the judiciary were corrupt and were obstructing the government 's economic structural [change] programme .

The programme continued to emphasize the need for `` fundamental `` fiscal adjustment measures , the continued deregulation of the economy and the privatization of state companies .
the programme continued to emphasize the need for `` fundamental `` fiscal [change] measures , the continued deregulation of the economy and the privatization of state companies .

This represented a modest rise of 2.9 per cent in total federal spending and was predicted to result in a cut of 1.5 per cent in real terms ( after adjustment for inflation ) .
this represented a modest rise of 2.9 per cent in total federal spending and was predicted to result in a cut of 1.5 per cent in real terms ( after [change] for inflation ) .

As one might expect from the discussion elsewhere in this chapter , there are a variety of reasons why adjustment to monetary union is not likely to be spread evenly across space .
as one might expect from the discussion elsewhere in this chapter , there are a variety of reasons why [change] to monetary union is not likely to be spread evenly across space .

As the euphoria had gone along with an irrational faith in the Gaullist saviour , so the deepening disillusionment of 1945 , essentially an adjustment to reality , was reflected in a desanctification of the saviour figure .
as the euphoria had gone along with an irrational faith in the gaullist saviour , so the deepening disillusionment of 1945 , essentially an [change] to reality , was reflected in a desanctification of the saviour figure .

Induced trade deficits caused by such structural change may not result in an appropriate exchange rate adjustment .
induced trade deficits caused by such structural change may not result in an appropriate exchange rate [change] .

Nevertheless , Medick 's linking of new forms of recreation to the early period of adjustment to a money wage and to well-noted irregular rhythms of labour offers a more convincing explanation for the commercialisation of working-class leisure than does a simple downward percolation of middle- class forms .
nevertheless , medick 's linking of new forms of recreation to the early period of [change] to a money wage and to well-noted irregular rhythms of labour offers a more convincing explanation for the commercialisation of working-class leisure than does a simple downward percolation of middle- class forms .

Here adjustments in national price levels allow the required downward adjustment in real wages , but this will affect international competitiveness unless it is possible to undertake a devaluation of the currency .
here adjustments in national price levels allow the required downward [change] in real wages , but this will affect international competitiveness unless it is possible to undertake a devaluation of the currency .

It has also been pointed out that it is this very process of relocation to low wage areas that is the market adjustment mechanism for spreading the benefits of economic growth throughout all of the Community .
it has also been pointed out that it is this very process of relocation to low wage areas that is the market [change] mechanism for spreading the benefits of economic growth throughout all of the community .

In English-speaking communities these are an aid which may help newcomers whose mother tongue is not English to more effective personal-social adjustment .
in english-speaking communities these are an aid which may help newcomers whose mother tongue is not english to more effective personal-social [change] .

And yet a small adjustment at the right place can make a significant difference .
and yet a small [change] at the right place can make a significant difference .

which is to allow considerable local flexibility and adjustment .
which is to allow considerable local flexibility and [change] .

Positioning was validated fluoroscopically in six subjects , with no adjustment of tube required , and fluoroscopy was therefore not considered essential in subsequent subjects .
positioning was validated fluoroscopically in six subjects , with no [change] of tube required , and fluoroscopy was therefore not considered essential in subsequent subjects .

Despite reservations about comparatively small numbers of patients , we can say that by the trial criteria , the diet did not prevent or reduce gall stone recurrence — whether or not an adjustment is made for the stone free interval .
despite reservations about comparatively small numbers of patients , we can say that by the trial criteria , the diet did not prevent or reduce gall stone recurrence — whether or not an [change] is made for the stone free interval .

In this respect groups did not differ statistically but the adjustment is standard practice and allows a fairer comparison .
in this respect groups did not differ statistically but the [change] is standard practice and allows a fairer comparison .

Dose adjustment was made if necessary .
dose [change] was made if necessary .

Pugh score was less discriminatory than these last three variables in terms of accuracy of adjustment , goodness of fit to the model , receiver operating characteristic curves , and percentage correct prediction .
pugh score was less discriminatory than these last three variables in terms of accuracy of [change] , goodness of fit to the model , receiver operating characteristic curves , and percentage correct prediction .

In terms of activity , North Sea exploration slowed down in 1992 and unless we see some adjustment to the Petroleum Revenue Tax changes announced by the Chancellor in the March 1993 Budget , exploration will inevitably decrease further this year .
in terms of activity , north sea exploration slowed down in 1992 and unless we see some [change] to the petroleum revenue tax changes announced by the chancellor in the march 1993 budget , exploration will inevitably decrease further this year .

Despite the adjustment there are 40 trusts performing better than expected .
despite the [change] there are 40 trusts performing better than expected .

The interpretation they suggest is that the compositions of the trusts were changing too quickly for the adjustment procedure .
the interpretation they suggest is that the compositions of the trusts were changing too quickly for the [change] procedure .

Once we have price adjustment factors for a given set of bonds , we can use them to price different bonds with different amounts of the factors embodied in them .
once we have price [change] factors for a given set of bonds , we can use them to price different bonds with different amounts of the factors embodied in them .

overestimate the price adjustment ) when convexity is positive and underestimate risk and price adjustment when convexity is negative ( which is the case , for example , with callable bonds near par ) .
overestimate the price [change] ) when convexity is positive and underestimate risk and price [change] when convexity is negative ( which is the case , for example , with callable bonds near par ) .

This year 's adjustment saw some Halifax borrowers experience a sudden rise in mothly payments of ‘ more than 30 per cent in many cases ’ .
this year 's [change] saw some halifax borrowers experience a sudden rise in mothly payments of ‘ more than 30 per cent in many cases ’ .

Experiment will reveal that any regular polygon needs similar adjustment to transform a geometric shape into a sensory image .
experiment will reveal that any regular polygon needs similar [change] to transform a geometric shape into a sensory image .

Satisfaction and adjustment could never enter The Smiths ' picture , for this would breach their identity .
satisfaction and [change] could never enter the smiths ' picture , for this would breach their identity .

Your article ‘ When devaluation breeds contempt ’ ( November 24th ) gives a misleading impression of adjustment programmes supported by the World Bank .
your article ‘ when devaluation breeds contempt ’ ( november 24th ) gives a misleading impression of [change] programmes supported by the world bank .

Second , the Bank has long recognised that adjustment takes time .
second , the bank has long recognised that [change] takes time .

Notably in New England and California , the adjustment between old expectations of ever-better social services , paid for by an ever-growing economy , and the new recessionary reality is a large one that will have to be made quickly .
notably in new england and california , the [change] between old expectations of ever-better social services , paid for by an ever-growing economy , and the new recessionary reality is a large one that will have to be made quickly .

She took a lot of convincing : distrust was deeply ingrained in her , she dared not believe in good fortune ; she was conditioned to thinking in terms of Lajos and adjustment took some time .
she took a lot of convincing : distrust was deeply ingrained in her , she dared not believe in good fortune ; she was conditioned to thinking in terms of lajos and [change] took some time .

But , as the table shows , after adjustment for inflation some of the mergers that took place during this century 's three previous spates of restructuring — 1897–1904 , 1925–30 and the late 1960s — were as big as the top takeovers of the 1980s .
but , as the table shows , after [change] for inflation some of the mergers that took place during this century 's three previous spates of restructuring — 1897–1904 , 1925–30 and the late 1960s — were as big as the top takeovers of the 1980s .

Dual-level automatic air conditioning with the cooling capacity of 30 domestic fridges ; electric operation of gear selector , windows , seat adjustment , mirrors , central locking .
dual-level automatic air conditioning with the cooling capacity of 30 domestic fridges ; electric operation of gear selector , windows , seat [change] , mirrors , central locking .

We want to ease the adjustment from the present price support mechanism towards market prices and direct support aimed at assisting the farming industry in transition and at environmental and social goals .
we want to ease the [change] from the present price support mechanism towards market prices and direct support aimed at assisting the farming industry in transition and at environmental and social goals .

‘ This structure is the foundation of Man 's specialized form of adaptation as a species as well as the basis of his personal adjustment as an individual .
‘ this structure is the foundation of man 's specialized form of adaptation as a species as well as the basis of his personal [change] as an individual .

basis for the adjustment and co-ordination of action unsurpassed in its own way … evolution consists in the gradual replacement of instinct by reason and , it is the final goal of reason … to bring all the experience of the race to bear in organising the whole life of the race .
basis for the [change] and co-ordination of action unsurpassed in its own way … evolution consists in the gradual replacement of instinct by reason and , it is the final goal of reason … to bring all the experience of the race to bear in organising the whole life of the race .

Every culture as well as the personal adjustment of each individual gives evidence of this , both at the level of the unconscious as well as conscious processes .
every culture as well as the personal [change] of each individual gives evidence of this , both at the level of the unconscious as well as conscious processes .

Sole plate adjustment is via a base screw .
sole plate [change] is via a base screw .

In the event of any capitalisation or rights issue by the Company , or of any consolidation , sub-division , reduction or other variation of its share capital , the number of shares subject to any option and the acquisition price may be adjusted by the Committee , with the approval of the Inland Revenue , subject to the auditors confirming in writing that such adjustment is , in their opinion , fair and reasonable .
in the event of any capitalisation or rights issue by the company , or of any consolidation , sub-division , reduction or other variation of its share capital , the number of shares subject to any option and the acquisition price may be adjusted by the committee , with the approval of the inland revenue , subject to the auditors confirming in writing that such [change] is , in their opinion , fair and reasonable .

It is proposed to extend the circumstances in which the price and number of shares under the British Gas Sharesave Scheme may be adjusted to include an ‘ open offer ’ ( an offer to shareholders similar to a rights issue ) or any other variation of share capital which the Inland Revenue accepts as sufficient ground for such an adjustment and at the same time to allow for adjustments to reflect changes in the class of shares , or the rights attaching to shares , under option .
it is proposed to extend the circumstances in which the price and number of shares under the british gas sharesave scheme may be adjusted to include an ‘ open offer ’ ( an offer to shareholders similar to a rights issue ) or any other variation of share capital which the inland revenue accepts as sufficient ground for such an [change] and at the same time to allow for adjustments to reflect changes in the class of shares , or the rights attaching to shares , under option .

How is this adjustment achieved ?
how is this [change] achieved ?

We and our daily rhythms can respond to bright light and an appropriate use of this may become part of our armoury for speeding up adjustment of the body clock after a time-zone transition .
we and our daily rhythms can respond to bright light and an appropriate use of this may become part of our armoury for speeding up [change] of the body clock after a time-zone transition .

Promoting adjustment to a 24-hour day
promoting [change] to a 24-hour day

Adjustment of other markers of the body clock ( such as body temperature ) should also be measured .
[change] of other markers of the body clock ( such as body temperature ) should also be measured .

It can be seen that this very advantage now becomes disadvantageous after a time-zone transition when an adjustment of our body to new local time is required .
it can be seen that this very advantage now becomes disadvantageous after a time-zone transition when an [change] of our body to new local time is required .

Knowledge of this fact , together with understanding some properties of our body clock , will enable us to promote adjustment of our clock to the new time zone and so reduce the difficulties of jet-lag .
knowledge of this fact , together with understanding some properties of our body clock , will enable us to promote [change] of our clock to the new time zone and so reduce the difficulties of jet-lag .

In addition , many components of jet-lag — altered sleep , fatigue , loss of appetite , changed bowel movements — are found , and the rate of adjustment of the body rhythms to a simulated time-zone transition is similar to that observed after real transitions .
in addition , many components of jet-lag — altered sleep , fatigue , loss of appetite , changed bowel movements — are found , and the rate of [change] of the body rhythms to a simulated time-zone transition is similar to that observed after real transitions .

Accepting that the body clock is slow to adjust to a time-zone transition , our aim must be to speed up this adjustment .
accepting that the body clock is slow to adjust to a time-zone transition , our aim must be to speed up this [change] .

Adjustment will be speeded up if we can strengthen the time-cues in the new time zone .
[change] will be speeded up if we can strengthen the time-cues in the new time zone .

Such knowledge will be the basis of the advice we give in the next chapter for promoting adjustment after a time-zone transition .
such knowledge will be the basis of the advice we give in the next chapter for promoting [change] after a time-zone transition .

If your stay in the new time zone is brief ( 1 or 2 days ) , then a substantial adjustment to it is unlikely .
if your stay in the new time zone is brief ( 1 or 2 days ) , then a substantial [change] to it is unlikely .

If your stay is longer , then you can attempt to promote adjustment of your body to the new time zone .
if your stay is longer , then you can attempt to promote [change] of your body to the new time zone .

This will have the effect of strengthening the time-cues which cause adjustment of the body clock .
this will have the effect of strengthening the time-cues which cause [change] of the body clock .

The deprivations and adjustment entailed by war taught British filmmakers how to orchestrate strong emotions .
the deprivations and [change] entailed by war taught british filmmakers how to orchestrate strong emotions .

In this manner it continues the adjustment process begun before parade in the canteen .
in this manner it continues the [change] process begun before parade in the canteen .

The main point to realise is that if you can not feel a positive lock , you are either not pushing hard enough or the lock is completely out of adjustment and too light to be effective .
the main point to realise is that if you can not feel a positive lock , you are either not pushing hard enough or the lock is completely out of [change] and too light to be effective .

This report about your son 's adjustment to group life in camp has been compiled by the members of our staff who have been working with Leonard .
this report about your son 's [change] to group life in camp has been compiled by the members of our staff who have been working with leonard .

Adjustment is difficult , they are told .
[change] is difficult , they are told .

The stand is a machined steel column with telescopic height adjustment , the top is threaded to accept the banjo assembly , and tool rest from the lathe .
the stand is a machined steel column with telescopic height [change] , the top is threaded to accept the banjo assembly , and tool rest from the lathe .

And if we do not have the right drugs for a particular adjustment , research on orthodox lines will often find one .
and if we do not have the right drugs for a particular [change] , research on orthodox lines will often find one .

The seats are n't as comfortable as the Calibra 's either , and the base height adjustment is restricted to the rear of the cushion only .
the seats are n't as comfortable as the calibra 's either , and the base height [change] is restricted to the rear of the cushion only .

The cars were then each driven 500 miles at Brooklands without adjustment of any kind , averaging 34mph .
the cars were then each driven 500 miles at brooklands without [change] of any kind , averaging 34mph .

In fact their feelings and the vast emotional adjustment they have to make are perhaps best explained to nuclear family dwellers by considering the reverse transplant from nuclear to joint family .
in fact their feelings and the vast emotional [change] they have to make are perhaps best explained to nuclear family dwellers by considering the reverse transplant from nuclear to joint family .

Often Asian women coming from joint families in the Indian subcontinent to join their husbands in Britain do succeed in making the necessary emotional adjustment , but for many of them it takes months if not years ; for some coping with the total emotional dependence on the husband alone is just not possible .
often asian women coming from joint families in the indian subcontinent to join their husbands in britain do succeed in making the necessary emotional [change] , but for many of them it takes months if not years ; for some coping with the total emotional dependence on the husband alone is just not possible .

What makes this understanding , this adjustment even more difficult are the immense problems of everyday life in Britain — how to get to work , how to sign your name and so on .
what makes this understanding , this [change] even more difficult are the immense problems of everyday life in britain — how to get to work , how to sign your name and so on .

In this full-length version Gironella places her square to the picture plane , a crucial adjustment which changes the tone from that of the formality of the original into one of helplessness .
in this full-length version gironella places her square to the picture plane , a crucial [change] which changes the tone from that of the formality of the original into one of helplessness .

In the 1980s there has been an important adjustment in both exchange rates and agricultural pricing policy largely as a result of pressure from international aid agencies .
in the 1980s there has been an important [change] in both exchange rates and agricultural pricing policy largely as a result of pressure from international aid agencies .

The move away from project loans and towards structural adjustment loans in the 1980s does not diminish the main thrust of this argument .
the move away from project loans and towards structural [change] loans in the 1980s does not diminish the main thrust of this argument .

Faced with such effective local opposition civil servants in charge of delivering on policy conditions may indeed feel ambivalent about the desirability of an individual structural adjustment loan .
faced with such effective local opposition civil servants in charge of delivering on policy conditions may indeed feel ambivalent about the desirability of an individual structural [change] loan .

The ability of donors to turn off the tap is often cherished as a means of enforcing economic discipline , or more specifically the sets of policies now associated with structural adjustment .
the ability of donors to turn off the tap is often cherished as a means of enforcing economic discipline , or more specifically the sets of policies now associated with structural [change] .

The assessment of structural adjustment loans is even more problematic than the assessment of rural development projects .
the assessment of structural [change] loans is even more problematic than the assessment of rural development projects .

For instance , if an economy grows at 5 per cent per year following a two-year disbursement of a structural adjustment loan , if the international price for the country 's commodity exports has risen by at least 5 per cent in the same period of time , can the loan be regarded as justified ?
for instance , if an economy grows at 5 per cent per year following a two-year disbursement of a structural [change] loan , if the international price for the country 's commodity exports has risen by at least 5 per cent in the same period of time , can the loan be regarded as justified ?

The move to lending in the 1980s for ‘ adjustment ’ , and away from projects , has replaced a set of conditions closely tied to projects with a set tied to broader conditions affecting a whole economy , or large sectors within it .
the move to lending in the 1980s for ‘ [change] ’ , and away from projects , has replaced a set of conditions closely tied to projects with a set tied to broader conditions affecting a whole economy , or large sectors within it .

The underlying causes of Africa 's economic weakness imply that the current pattern of structural adjustment lending will also not break the cycle of dependency on aid .
the underlying causes of africa 's economic weakness imply that the current pattern of structural [change] lending will also not break the cycle of dependency on aid .

No less a transformation has been undergone by the front seats , which now enjoy much better lateral support , thanks to substantial side bolsters , and have electronic memory adjustment for reach , height , tilt and lumbar support .
no less a transformation has been undergone by the front seats , which now enjoy much better lateral support , thanks to substantial side bolsters , and have electronic memory [change] for reach , height , tilt and lumbar support .

But there 's plenty of seat adjustment and the driving position is faultless .
but there 's plenty of seat [change] and the driving position is faultless .

Most of our testers considered the driving position and seats close to perfect , but a couple of the taller specimens would have appreciated some sort of steering wheel adjustment to play off comfort against a clear view of the instruments .
most of our testers considered the driving position and seats close to perfect , but a couple of the taller specimens would have appreciated some sort of steering wheel [change] to play off comfort against a clear view of the instruments .

Before the tax year has ended , ask the Inland Revenue if you can still make an adjustment .
before the tax year has ended , ask the inland revenue if you can still make an [change] .

In Lawrence 's essays it goes along with that familiar stance of hard-earned adjustment whereby sickness is always someone else 's problem — the masses , the modern world , women , homosexuals , whoever .
in lawrence 's essays it goes along with that familiar stance of hard-earned [change] whereby sickness is always someone else 's problem — the masses , the modern world , women , homosexuals , whoever .

Lawrence 's masquerade of adjustment involves a projection of his own fears , anxieties , and neurosis which , in the Swift/Celia case , is especially revealing because in the same breath he consciously repudiates the scapegoating process which partly comprises that projection ( pp .
lawrence 's masquerade of [change] involves a projection of his own fears , anxieties , and neurosis which , in the swift/celia case , is especially revealing because in the same breath he consciously repudiates the scapegoating process which partly comprises that projection ( pp .

Lawrence remained too preoccupied with what in his adjusted mind he projected , disavowed , or consciously repudiated ; homosexuality especially remained too fascinating for either his strenuous vision of psychic adjustment or his banal view of sexual difference as unity in opposition to remain unharassed by it .
lawrence remained too preoccupied with what in his adjusted mind he projected , disavowed , or consciously repudiated ; homosexuality especially remained too fascinating for either his strenuous vision of psychic [change] or his banal view of sexual difference as unity in opposition to remain unharassed by it .

So on unemployment there is some evidence of a slight tendency for the public to follow the lead of the parties and the media but it was a very slight adjustment of public attitudes .
so on unemployment there is some evidence of a slight tendency for the public to follow the lead of the parties and the media but it was a very slight [change] of public attitudes .

Although this looked worse than it might have done since it covered fourteen months instead of twelve — the result of an adjustment to a different financial year — such figures demanded a response .
although this looked worse than it might have done since it covered fourteen months instead of twelve — the result of an [change] to a different financial year — such figures demanded a response .

It would be a major adjustment , and he did not know how to cope with it yet .
it would be a major [change] , and he did not know how to cope with it yet .

Overall , the studies suggest that the children 's adjustment following divorce is related first to consistent and on-going relationships with both parents ; and secondly , which is central to our discussion , to the parents ' ability to co-operate in their respective parenting roles , that is , co-operation without rancour or conflict .
overall , the studies suggest that the children 's [change] following divorce is related first to consistent and on-going relationships with both parents ; and secondly , which is central to our discussion , to the parents ' ability to co-operate in their respective parenting roles , that is , co-operation without rancour or conflict .

With regard to children 's adjustment when there is a step-parent and a non-custodial visiting parent , the research evidence is less clear and obviously the age of the child can be a crucial factor which has not yet been properly researched .
with regard to children 's [change] when there is a step-parent and a non-custodial visiting parent , the research evidence is less clear and obviously the age of the child can be a crucial factor which has not yet been properly researched .

Another study from the divorce field by Hetherington ( 1979 ) also supports the view that provided the non-custodial visiting father is not ‘ immature ’ or the two parents are not in conflict , the frequent availability of the father is associated with positive adjustment especially with boys .
another study from the divorce field by hetherington ( 1979 ) also supports the view that provided the non-custodial visiting father is not ‘ immature ’ or the two parents are not in conflict , the frequent availability of the father is associated with positive [change] especially with boys .

Most tracks are operated by a pedal which , when depressed , enables adjustment .
most tracks are operated by a pedal which , when depressed , enables [change] .

In the new climate of the 1980s , Yugoslavia was obliged to follow a different pattern of adjustment and to concentrate on changing the volumes of its commodity exports and imports .
in the new climate of the 1980s , yugoslavia was obliged to follow a different pattern of [change] and to concentrate on changing the volumes of its commodity exports and imports .

The increase , which followed a 0.2 per cent decline in August , took the index for materials and fuel purchased by industry to 104.6 , 1985=100 , after adjustment for seasonal influences , to stand a provisional 5.3 per cent above a year earlier .
the increase , which followed a 0.2 per cent decline in august , took the index for materials and fuel purchased by industry to 104.6 , 1985=100 , after [change] for seasonal influences , to stand a provisional 5.3 per cent above a year earlier .

Those seats are more supportive than before and offer good height adjustment .
those seats are more supportive than before and offer good height [change] .

Dry brakes need relining and adjustment — and with shoe types balancing — more often and are sometimes prone to ‘ grabbing ’ .
dry brakes need relining and [change] — and with shoe types balancing — more often and are sometimes prone to ‘ grabbing ’ .

In a slow , confused , grudging process of adjustment the Labour Party attuned itself to the fight against fascism , and eventually the need to abandon its emphasis upon political independence .
in a slow , confused , grudging process of [change] the labour party attuned itself to the fight against fascism , and eventually the need to abandon its emphasis upon political independence .

First of all , there may be contradictions between the social relations of production and the agricultural technology used , therefore at a particular moment in time technology and social relations may seem out of adjustment .
first of all , there may be contradictions between the social relations of production and the agricultural technology used , therefore at a particular moment in time technology and social relations may seem out of [change] .

The observer 's readiness to modify is admirably honest ( Mr Palomar is a nice man ) and ultimately exhausting : the process of adjustment can go only so far before atrophy threatens .
the observer 's readiness to modify is admirably honest ( mr palomar is a nice man ) and ultimately exhausting : the process of [change] can go only so far before atrophy threatens .

Any government planning such a large-scale redistribution of income as that contemplated by Mr Smith should create an environment in which those hit stand a chance of making the adjustment without being driven into bankruptcy .
any government planning such a large-scale redistribution of income as that contemplated by mr smith should create an environment in which those hit stand a chance of making the [change] without being driven into bankruptcy .

In much the same way , a good dose of inflation is needed now to facilitate the adjustment to higher taxes .
in much the same way , a good dose of inflation is needed now to facilitate the [change] to higher taxes .

Fit the new door to the unit and make the necessary adjustment to the hinge to ensure the door sits correctly
fit the new door to the unit and make the necessary [change] to the hinge to ensure the door sits correctly

Methods vary for ball valve adjustment , according to the type of valve involved .
methods vary for ball valve [change] , according to the type of valve involved .

The adjustment system is not particularly good , something of a nut-and-bolt operation , and looks as though it could well be vulnerable to failure as the bolt wears through the covering fabric .
the [change] system is not particularly good , something of a nut-and-bolt operation , and looks as though it could well be vulnerable to failure as the bolt wears through the covering fabric .

Latest in a long line of internal frame alpine packs from Lowe , the Alpamayo has an easy-to-use stepless and lockable Wedge Adjustment back systems which makes achieving a good fit simple .
latest in a long line of internal frame alpine packs from lowe , the alpamayo has an easy-to-use stepless and lockable wedge [change] back systems which makes achieving a good fit simple .

All of the foregoing assumes perfectly matching cores and windings and in practice is not easily achieved without individual and fiddling adjustment .
all of the foregoing assumes perfectly matching cores and windings and in practice is not easily achieved without individual and fiddling [change] .

But more often than not these will all need some adjustment and/or extra touches to make the dance design suitable or , even better , unique for a particular ballet .
but more often than not these will all need some [change] and/or extra touches to make the dance design suitable or , even better , unique for a particular ballet .

Whatever the arguments , teachers face a challenging period of adjustment — not just to the procedural formalities of the National Curriculum and its prescriptive content , but also to the psychology of regulation .
whatever the arguments , teachers face a challenging period of [change] — not just to the procedural formalities of the national curriculum and its prescriptive content , but also to the psychology of regulation .

Yes use with no adjustment and save money . It 's cheaper than diesel at present !
yes use with no [change] and save money . it 's cheaper than diesel at present !

It can be interpreted more narrowly as merely calling for an incidental adjustment in the form of an annotation of the present birth register .
it can be interpreted more narrowly as merely calling for an incidental [change] in the form of an annotation of the present birth register .

Leicestershire enter the table , and might have qualified last year if an adjustment had been made then to bring their figures into line with practices adopted by all the other counties .
leicestershire enter the table , and might have qualified last year if an [change] had been made then to bring their figures into line with practices adopted by all the other counties .

Any of these things will require some adjustment on your part , because you will have someone or something to think of , apart from yourself .
any of these things will require some [change] on your part , because you will have someone or something to think of , apart from yourself .

it will run on unleaded petrol with no adjustment
it will run on unleaded petrol with no [change]

The garage will inform you which category of car you have and , if it needs adjustment , where this can be done and how much it will cost .
the garage will inform you which category of car you have and , if it needs [change] , where this can be done and how much it will cost .

Even if it costs you £35 , the price differential on leaded petrol will virtually allow you to recoup the cost of adjustment within one year .
even if it costs you £35 , the price differential on leaded petrol will virtually allow you to recoup the cost of [change] within one year .

Structural adjustment programmes are conditional on countries cutting back on basics like food and education , they can not afford forest conservation officers .
structural [change] programmes are conditional on countries cutting back on basics like food and education , they can not afford forest conservation officers .

What startled spectator did not know was that a chiropractor on the Olympic Staff had given him a spinal adjustment immediately after the accident .
what startled spectator did not know was that a chiropractor on the olympic staff had given him a spinal [change] immediately after the accident .

Even though not all the results of chiropractic adjustment are this dramatic , many sportsmen and women have benefited from chiropractic treatment .
even though not all the results of chiropractic [change] are this dramatic , many sportsmen and women have benefited from chiropractic treatment .

In fact , in Chiropractic , the emphasis is on prevention and ‘ adjustment ’ .
in fact , in chiropractic , the emphasis is on prevention and ‘ [change] ’ .

According to the condition being treated , one or more of a whole range of different Chiropractic adjustment techniques could be employed .
according to the condition being treated , one or more of a whole range of different chiropractic [change] techniques could be employed .

In short , the loss of children is often the major adjustment of middle age for women , equivalent in its impact to the loss of employment for men .
in short , the loss of children is often the major [change] of middle age for women , equivalent in its impact to the loss of employment for men .

Children who made a successful adjustment and settled in happily with a foster family were devastated when they were subjected to another round of upheaval and insecurity . This was Peter Prager 's experience :
children who made a successful [change] and settled in happily with a foster family were devastated when they were subjected to another round of upheaval and insecurity . this was peter prager 's experience :

All new cars since October 1990 are manufactured to do so , whilst some older cars may need a simple adjustment to their engine timing .
all new cars since october 1990 are manufactured to do so , whilst some older cars may need a simple [change] to their engine timing .

Armbands have velcro adjustment to ensure correct fit .
armbands have velcro [change] to ensure correct fit .

The counter-argument is that seasonal adjustment will itself take care of much of the distortion ( as it will eliminate the predictable seasonal rise in unemployment in July and August when school-leavers come on to the register ) .
the counter-argument is that seasonal [change] will itself take care of much of the distortion ( as it will eliminate the predictable seasonal rise in unemployment in july and august when school-leavers come on to the register ) .

First , the costs of inflation to a society are discussed in detail ; these include adjustment costs , balance of payments problems , redistribution effects and reduced economic efficiency .
first , the costs of inflation to a society are discussed in detail ; these include [change] costs , balance of payments problems , redistribution effects and reduced economic efficiency .

Even when the inflation rate is fully anticipated there will be costs of adjustment which will fall on both individuals and firms .
even when the inflation rate is fully anticipated there will be costs of [change] which will fall on both individuals and firms .

Institutional adjustment costs
institutional [change] costs

We can sum up by saying that inflation distorts many of society 's institutional arrangements and these distortions lead to adjustment costs in addition to those discussed above .
we can sum up by saying that inflation distorts many of society 's institutional arrangements and these distortions lead to [change] costs in addition to those discussed above .

Or In equilibrium , the nominal demand for money equals the nominal money supply so that : ( 1 ) Now any increase in the nominal money supply will create an excess supply of money which will lead to an adjustment of portfolios as people attempt to spend their excess money holdings .
or in equilibrium , the nominal demand for money equals the nominal money supply so that : ( 1 ) now any increase in the nominal money supply will create an excess supply of money which will lead to an [change] of portfolios as people attempt to spend their excess money holdings .

The proportion w is sometimes referred to as the adjustment parameter .
the proportion w is sometimes referred to as the [change] parameter .

Any effective loft which a golfer may have enjoyed through using a flexible shaft can be restored by an adjustment of the clubface .
any effective loft which a golfer may have enjoyed through using a flexible shaft can be restored by an [change] of the clubface .

Spiritual direction then , fully includes our humanity but is far more than personal adjustment or social adaptation .
spiritual direction then , fully includes our humanity but is far more than personal [change] or social adaptation .

Only one major adjustment was needed , to replace the captain , Tom Parker , who was nearing the end of his playing days .
only one major [change] was needed , to replace the captain , tom parker , who was nearing the end of his playing days .

Some form of adjustment is therefore required to give users in minority interest categories a ‘ better deal ’ .
some form of [change] is therefore required to give users in minority interest categories a ‘ better deal ’ .

write to creditors with debt adjustment proposals , negotiate and finally agree a scheme
write to creditors with debt [change] proposals , negotiate and finally agree a scheme

Certainly it was an adjustment which you fought against .
certainly it was an [change] which you fought against .

But adjustment went on all the same because it was the only way of making yourself tolerate a condition which you loathed .
but [change] went on all the same because it was the only way of making yourself tolerate a condition which you loathed .

For this simplistic example , it can be assumed that these are readily available , and no adjustment of the resources is needed before the audit process can start .
for this simplistic example , it can be assumed that these are readily available , and no [change] of the resources is needed before the audit process can start .

Indeed , it is , for many , a major adjustment since the prevailing medical culture suggests that , once doctors acquire consultant status , they are self-contained , autonomous individuals accountable to no one other than their patients .
indeed , it is , for many , a major [change] since the prevailing medical culture suggests that , once doctors acquire consultant status , they are self-contained , autonomous individuals accountable to no one other than their patients .

While other institutions needed to accommodate themselves to the decline of formulary procedure and the new predominance of cognitio , trusts were in need of no adjustment .
while other institutions needed to accommodate themselves to the decline of formulary procedure and the new predominance of cognitio , trusts were in need of no [change] .

Even when people intellectually accept the need for change , they are sometimes emotionally unable to make the adjustment .
even when people intellectually accept the need for change , they are sometimes emotionally unable to make the [change] .

It is possible that this may be a little reduced by budgetary adjustment , ’ he told a gathering of French researchers and administrators on the Cote d'Azur .
it is possible that this may be a little reduced by budgetary [change] , ’ he told a gathering of french researchers and administrators on the cote d'azur .

It responds to this helpful adjustment by promptly inverting itself into the mock-dead posture .
it responds to this helpful [change] by promptly inverting itself into the mock-dead posture .

Controls must be sufficiently near to the event to enable adjustment or avoiding action to be taken .
controls must be sufficiently near to the event to enable [change] or avoiding action to be taken .

Adjustment may well be necessary , however , to exclude the element of partners ' salaries from work in progress totals at the end of the financial year .
[change] may well be necessary , however , to exclude the element of partners ' salaries from work in progress totals at the end of the financial year .

To bring the price down , Toyota has dropped the electric sunroof , radio-cassette player , anti-theft system and ‘ some ’ seat adjustment .
to bring the price down , toyota has dropped the electric sunroof , radio-cassette player , anti-theft system and ‘ some ’ seat [change] .

Those in back can adjust the rake of the split backrests and height of the rear cushions electrically , but the degree of adjustment is insufficient to make it worthwhile .
those in back can adjust the rake of the split backrests and height of the rear cushions electrically , but the degree of [change] is insufficient to make it worthwhile .

Most will hope to return to the House ; and on part form many will do so , but the immediate problems of adjustment will be hard .
most will hope to return to the house ; and on part form many will do so , but the immediate problems of [change] will be hard .

Havelock Fidler , the dowser , found that the Scots pine acted as an ‘ interruptor ’ of energy lines , and Paul Baines speculates that the trees may thus be capable of drawing and absorbing the energy pattern of disease from those who need treatment or adjustment .
havelock fidler , the dowser , found that the scots pine acted as an ‘ interruptor ’ of energy lines , and paul baines speculates that the trees may thus be capable of drawing and absorbing the energy pattern of disease from those who need treatment or [change] .

Suffice to say , however , that there has been noise deletion ( pertaining to the surface noise from both lacquer and tape masters ) and there has been adjustment of level by way of compensation .
suffice to say , however , that there has been noise deletion ( pertaining to the surface noise from both lacquer and tape masters ) and there has been [change] of level by way of compensation .

How has it come about that we are prepared to describe a serious physical mutilation as a trivial adjustment ?
how has it come about that we are prepared to describe a serious physical mutilation as a trivial [change] ?

On retirement their savings and pension enable them to buy their own flat or cottage ; but because they may never have cooked more than a snack for themselves or lived alone , the adjustment to this different way of life can be hard to make .
on retirement their savings and pension enable them to buy their own flat or cottage ; but because they may never have cooked more than a snack for themselves or lived alone , the [change] to this different way of life can be hard to make .

When both partners retire at more or less the same time , the adjustment is often easiest to organise .
when both partners retire at more or less the same time , the [change] is often easiest to organise .

Molly and George needed to work at the adjustment .
molly and george needed to work at the [change] .

In a conscious break from recent lengthy works such as his trilogy ‘ In Penumbria ’ , ‘ Nexus ’ and ‘ An Adjustment of Expectations ’ , in ‘ Beach Bodies ’ Adrian Gatie glances at the summer visitors to our beaches .
in a conscious break from recent lengthy works such as his trilogy ‘ in penumbria ’ , ‘ nexus ’ and ‘ an [change] of expectations ’ , in ‘ beach bodies ’ adrian gatie glances at the summer visitors to our beaches .

Every minute spent in physical self-improvement is an investment , not only materially but in terms of emotional adjustment too .
every minute spent in physical self-improvement is an investment , not only materially but in terms of emotional [change] too .

Stable exchange rates were regarded as absolutely essential to reduce LDCs ' economic management problems and better adjustment mechanisms were required to share the burden of external imbalances between deficit and surplus countries .
stable exchange rates were regarded as absolutely essential to reduce ldcs ' economic management problems and better [change] mechanisms were required to share the burden of external imbalances between deficit and surplus countries .

Forward rates are quoted as an adjustment on the spot rate by banks and are published daily in the financial press of most non-Communist countries .
forward rates are quoted as an [change] on the spot rate by banks and are published daily in the financial press of most non-communist countries .

As previously stated , forward rates are quoted as an adjustment to the spot rate for all the world 's principal currencies by bank dealers operating in the foreign exchange market .
as previously stated , forward rates are quoted as an [change] to the spot rate for all the world 's principal currencies by bank dealers operating in the foreign exchange market .

Countries where educational difficulties over the last decade have been caused mainly by economic problems related to the burden of debt service and the effects of stabilization and adjustment policies designed to cope with them .
countries where educational difficulties over the last decade have been caused mainly by economic problems related to the burden of debt service and the effects of stabilization and [change] policies designed to cope with them .

Planning under pressure : debt , adjustment and education policy in Zambia , Zimbabwe and Costa Rica
planning under pressure : debt , [change] and education policy in zambia , zimbabwe and costa rica

At a meeting in Harare of African finance officials in July 1989 , it was argued that development is being held up by the tendency for government policy-makers to be involved in short-term crisis management for structural adjustment programmes , and responding to the demands of large numbers of foreign advisers .
at a meeting in harare of african finance officials in july 1989 , it was argued that development is being held up by the tendency for government policy-makers to be involved in short-term crisis management for structural [change] programmes , and responding to the demands of large numbers of foreign advisers .

No great change occurred in this situation until the outbreak of the crisis and the introduction of the adjustment policies .
no great change occurred in this situation until the outbreak of the crisis and the introduction of the [change] policies .

These measures have failed to reverse Sudan 's economic decline , and problems related to the adjustment policies , the war and drought have intensified .
these measures have failed to reverse sudan 's economic decline , and problems related to the [change] policies , the war and drought have intensified .

Social adjustment ( adaptation ) begins to take hold when children try to restrain their impulses because they know others will disapprove .
social [change] ( adaptation ) begins to take hold when children try to restrain their impulses because they know others will disapprove .

Lack of social adjustment
lack of social [change]

Problems of social adjustment constituted the most frequent single source of anger outbursts among children .
problems of social [change] constituted the most frequent single source of anger outbursts among children .

The increased height relative to the bedside locker and bed table may require spatial adjustment .
the increased height relative to the bedside locker and bed table may require spatial [change] .

Under these conditions , heredity and environment act in concert to maintain the child ’ s fear , increasing the likelihood that it will translate into long-term adjustment diculties , such as excessive cautiousness , social withdrawal , loneliness , and ( by school age ) overwhelming anxiety in the face of academic challenges .
under these conditions , heredity and environment act in concert to maintain the child ’ s fear , increasing the likelihood that it will translate into long-term [change] diculties , such as excessive cautiousness , social withdrawal , loneliness , and ( by school age ) overwhelming anxiety in the face of academic challenges .

For others , this unconditional parental acceptance may contribute to an unrealistic , overly inﬂated sense of self-esteem , which is also linked to adjustment problems .
for others , this unconditional parental acceptance may contribute to an unrealistic , overly inﬂated sense of self-esteem , which is also linked to [change] problems .

Marital conﬂict is linked to hostile behavior and poor emotional adjustment in children , including feeling sad and engaging in aggressive acts.33 Hearing one or both parents berate the other leads children to act similarly—toward parents , siblings , teachers , and peers .
marital conﬂict is linked to hostile behavior and poor emotional [change] in children , including feeling sad and engaging in aggressive acts.33 hearing one or both parents berate the other leads children to act similarly—toward parents , siblings , teachers , and peers .

Seeking the help of a marriage and family counselor without delay is the best way to prevent the child ’ s emotionally despondent and angry reactions from spiraling into lasting adjustment problems .
seeking the help of a marriage and family counselor without delay is the best way to prevent the child ’ s emotionally despondent and angry reactions from spiraling into lasting [change] problems .

Long-term peer rejection , as I indicated in Chapter 5 , not only leads to an unhappy social life but to serious adjustment problems in adolescence and early adulthood .
long-term peer rejection , as i indicated in chapter 5 , not only leads to an unhappy social life but to serious [change] problems in adolescence and early adulthood .

Most children improve in adjustment by two years after divorce .
most children improve in [change] by two years after divorce .

Changing the type of fabric , even if the thread color is the same , generally demands adjustment of the thread tensions and other parts of the machine .
changing the type of fabric , even if the thread color is the same , generally demands [change] of the thread tensions and other parts of the machine .

Weir says that traditionally LSC sticks to the 10-year census data , and will not change its funding based on the 2001 data , however it is possible that LSC will make an adjustment in the future .
weir says that traditionally lsc sticks to the 10-year census data , and will not change its funding based on the 2001 data , however it is possible that lsc will make an [change] in the future .

Adjustment of cut points or use of alternative screening tests may be necessary for these subgroups .
[change] of cut points or use of alternative screening tests may be necessary for these subgroups .

In some cases , an adjustment subsequent to the original forfeiture judgment may be necessary when it is later determined that a portion of the forfeiture is to be distributed to state or local law enforcement agencies or foreign governments .
in some cases , an [change] subsequent to the original forfeiture judgment may be necessary when it is later determined that a portion of the forfeiture is to be distributed to state or local law enforcement agencies or foreign governments .

The quinquennial military service credit adjustment paid between the General Fund and the social security trust funds is likewise an other financing source to the social security trust funds but one that may be either positive or negative .
the quinquennial military service credit [change] paid between the general fund and the social security trust funds is likewise an other financing source to the social security trust funds but one that may be either positive or negative .

If the loan is not repaid , the unpaid amount is recognized as an adjustment to the bad debt allowance and does not affect revenue , gains , or other financing sources .
if the loan is not repaid , the unpaid amount is recognized as an [change] to the bad debt allowance and does not affect revenue , gains , or other financing sources .

If the receivable is not repaid , the unpaid amount is recognized as an adjustment to the bad debt allowance and does not affect revenue , gains , or other financing sources .
if the receivable is not repaid , the unpaid amount is recognized as an [change] to the bad debt allowance and does not affect revenue , gains , or other financing sources .

MODIFICATION ADJUSTMENT TRANSFER - A non-expenditure transfer from a financing account to the Treasury , or vice versa , to offset the difference between the cost of modification of direct loans ( or loan guarantees ) and the change in the book value of direct loans ( or loan guarantee liabilities ) .
modification [change] transfer - a non-expenditure transfer from a financing account to the treasury , or vice versa , to offset the difference between the cost of modification of direct loans ( or loan guarantees ) and the change in the book value of direct loans ( or loan guarantee liabilities ) .

REVENUE ADJUSTMENT -A contra revenue account that is used to report reduction in revenue when realization is not probable ( less likely than not ) .
revenue [change] -a contra revenue account that is used to report reduction in revenue when realization is not probable ( less likely than not ) .

One company emphasized that if a major milestone is delayed , an appropriate adjustment should be made to the end date of the program , thereby avoiding compressing the time allotted for the rest of product development and managing the risks that subsequent milestones will be missed .
one company emphasized that if a major milestone is delayed , an appropriate [change] should be made to the end date of the program , thereby avoiding compressing the time allotted for the rest of product development and managing the risks that subsequent milestones will be missed .

In contrast , fixed-priced contracts , except those subject to price adjustment , provide for a preestablished firm price , place maximum risk and full responsibility for all costs and resulting profit or loss on the contractor , and provide maximum incentive for the contractor to control costs and perform effectively .
in contrast , fixed-priced contracts , except those subject to price [change] , provide for a preestablished firm price , place maximum risk and full responsibility for all costs and resulting profit or loss on the contractor , and provide maximum incentive for the contractor to control costs and perform effectively .

Similarly , GAO recommendations included in Medicare program legislation will produce a gradual reduction , through fiscal year 2001 , in the overly generous `` adjustment factor '' designed to compensate teaching hospitals for higher Medicare costs .
similarly , gao recommendations included in medicare program legislation will produce a gradual reduction , through fiscal year 2001 , in the overly generous `` [change] factor '' designed to compensate teaching hospitals for higher medicare costs .

GAO would also have difficulty in taking on some of the expanded roles that Congress has asked of the agency in recent years , such as assisting on task forces and commissions without any commensurate adjustment for resources .
gao would also have difficulty in taking on some of the expanded roles that congress has asked of the agency in recent years , such as assisting on task forces and commissions without any commensurate [change] for resources .

Adjustment or Corrections After the T & A Period Ends Adjustments or corrections required because of changes after T & A data were approved must be made in the payroll system and reflected in pay for the pay period to which the changes apply , when possible .
[change] or corrections after the t & a period ends adjustments or corrections required because of changes after t & a data were approved must be made in the payroll system and reflected in pay for the pay period to which the changes apply , when possible .

Using Performance Management Systems to Help Transform Agencies percent of the cost associated with the annual increases in federal salaries is due to cost-of-living and locality pay adjustment .
using performance management systems to help transform agencies percent of the cost associated with the annual increases in federal salaries is due to cost-of-living and locality pay [change] .

Various options are available within the current structure of the program including raising the retirement age , reducing the cost-of-living adjustment , altering the benefit formula , increasing payroll taxes , and investing trust fund surpluses in higher-yielding assets .
various options are available within the current structure of the program including raising the retirement age , reducing the cost-of-living [change] , altering the benefit formula , increasing payroll taxes , and investing trust fund surpluses in higher-yielding assets .

The phrase `` present in the United States '' appears to have originated in proposed legislation that would have expanded the categories of aliens eligible for LSC funded representation.17 The shift in language may have been based 15 From before the 1983 amendment until 1986 , the categories of eligible aliens included : ( 1 ) an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence ; ( 2 ) an alien who was either married to a United States citizen or was a parent or an unmarried child under the age of twenty-one years of such a citizen and who had filed an application for adjustment of status under the INA ; ( 3 ) an alien who was lawfully present in the United States as a refugee or who had been granted asylum by the Attorney General ; ( 4 ) an alien who was lawfully present in the United States as a result of the Attorney General 's withholding of deportation ; and ( 5 ) an alien lawfully present in the United States as a result of being granted conditional entry .
the phrase `` present in the united states '' appears to have originated in proposed legislation that would have expanded the categories of aliens eligible for lsc funded representation.17 the shift in language may have been based 15 from before the 1983 amendment until 1986 , the categories of eligible aliens included : ( 1 ) an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence ; ( 2 ) an alien who was either married to a united states citizen or was a parent or an unmarried child under the age of twenty-one years of such a citizen and who had filed an application for [change] of status under the ina ; ( 3 ) an alien who was lawfully present in the united states as a refugee or who had been granted asylum by the attorney general ; ( 4 ) an alien who was lawfully present in the united states as a result of the attorney general 's withholding of deportation ; and ( 5 ) an alien lawfully present in the united states as a result of being granted conditional entry .

With the great improvement in the accuracy for 2000 , LSC can return to using the reported figures without any adjustment .
with the great improvement in the accuracy for 2000 , lsc can return to using the reported figures without any [change] .

NOECs and LOECs are determined by hypothesis testing ( Dunnett 's Test , a t test with the Bonferroni adjustment , Steel 's Many-One Rank Test , or the Wilcoxon Rank Sum Test with Bonferroni adjustment ) , whereas LCs , ICs , and ECs are determined by point estimation techniques ( Probit Analysis , the Spearman-Karber Method , the Trimmed Spearman-Karber Method , the Graphical Method or Linear Interpolation Method ) .
noecs and loecs are determined by hypothesis testing ( dunnett 's test , a t test with the bonferroni [change] , steel 's many-one rank test , or the wilcoxon rank sum test with bonferroni [change] ) , whereas lcs , ics , and ecs are determined by point estimation techniques ( probit analysis , the spearman-karber method , the trimmed spearman-karber method , the graphical method or linear interpolation method ) .

An initial decision is made to use point estimation techniques ( the Probit Analysis , the Spearman-Karber Method , the Trimmed Spearman-Karber Method , the Graphical Method , or Linear Interpolation Method ) and/or to use hypothesis testing ( Dunnett 's Test , the t test with the Bonferroni adjustment , Steel 's Many-one Rank Test , or Wilcoxon Rank Sum Test with the Bonferroni adjustment ) .
an initial decision is made to use point estimation techniques ( the probit analysis , the spearman-karber method , the trimmed spearman-karber method , the graphical method , or linear interpolation method ) and/or to use hypothesis testing ( dunnett 's test , the t test with the bonferroni [change] , steel 's many-one rank test , or wilcoxon rank sum test with the bonferroni [change] ) .

In cases where the numbers of data points ( replicates ) for each concentration are not equal , a t test may be performed with Bonferroni 's adjustment for multiple comparisons ( see Appendix D ) , instead of using Dunnett 's Procedure .
in cases where the numbers of data points ( replicates ) for each concentration are not equal , a t test may be performed with bonferroni 's [change] for multiple comparisons ( see appendix d ) , instead of using dunnett 's procedure .

If the numbers of data points for each toxicant concentration are not equal , the Wilcoxon Rank Sum Test with Bonferroni 's adjustment should be used ( see Appendix F ) .
if the numbers of data points for each toxicant concentration are not equal , the wilcoxon rank sum test with bonferroni 's [change] should be used ( see appendix f ) .

A step-by-step example of the use of a t-test with the Bonferroni adjustment is provided in Appendix D .
a step-by-step example of the use of a t-test with the bonferroni [change] is provided in appendix d .

The data are ranked and the analysis proceeds exactly as in Steel 's Test except that Bonferroni 's adjustment for multiple comparisons is used instead of Steel 's tables .
the data are ranked and the analysis proceeds exactly as in steel 's test except that bonferroni 's [change] for multiple comparisons is used instead of steel 's tables .

When Steel 's test can be used ( i.e. , when there are equal numbers of data points per toxicant concentration ) , it will be more powerful ( able to detect smaller differences as statistically significant ) than the Wilcoxon Rank Sum Test with Bonferroni 's adjustment .
when steel 's test can be used ( i.e. , when there are equal numbers of data points per toxicant concentration ) , it will be more powerful ( able to detect smaller differences as statistically significant ) than the wilcoxon rank sum test with bonferroni 's [change] .

A step-by-step example of the use of the Wilcoxon Rank Sum Test with Bonferroni adjustment is provided in Appendix F .
a step-by-step example of the use of the wilcoxon rank sum test with bonferroni [change] is provided in appendix f .

In cases where the responses at the low toxicant concentrations are much higher than in the controls , the smoothing process may result in a large upward adjustment in the control mean .
in cases where the responses at the low toxicant concentrations are much higher than in the controls , the smoothing process may result in a large upward [change] in the control mean .

NOECs and LOECs are determined by hypothesis testing ( Dunnett 's Test , a t test with the Bonferroni adjustment , Steel 's Many-one Rank Test , or the Wilcoxon Rank Sum Test with the Bonferroni adjustment ) , whereas LCs , ICs , and ECs are determined by point estimation techniques ( Probit Analysis , Spearman-Karber Method , Trimmed Spearman-Karber Method , Graphical Method or Linear Interpolation Method ) .
noecs and loecs are determined by hypothesis testing ( dunnett 's test , a t test with the bonferroni [change] , steel 's many-one rank test , or the wilcoxon rank sum test with the bonferroni [change] ) , whereas lcs , ics , and ecs are determined by point estimation techniques ( probit analysis , spearman-karber method , trimmed spearman-karber method , graphical method or linear interpolation method ) .

An initial decision is made to use point estimation techniques ( the Probit Analysis , the Spearman-Karber Method , the Trimmed Spearman-Karber Method , the Graphical Method , or Linear Interpolation Method ) and/or to use hypothesis testing ( Dunnett 's Test , the t test with the Bonferroni adjustment , Steel 's Many-one Rank Test , or the Wilcoxon Rank Sum Test with the Bonferroni adjustment ) .
an initial decision is made to use point estimation techniques ( the probit analysis , the spearman-karber method , the trimmed spearman-karber method , the graphical method , or linear interpolation method ) and/or to use hypothesis testing ( dunnett 's test , the t test with the bonferroni [change] , steel 's many-one rank test , or the wilcoxon rank sum test with the bonferroni [change] ) .

In cases where the numbers of data points ( replicates ) for each concentration are not equal , a t test may be performed with Bonferroni 's adjustment for multiple comparisons ( see Appendix D ) , instead of using Dunnett 's Procedure .
in cases where the numbers of data points ( replicates ) for each concentration are not equal , a t test may be performed with bonferroni 's [change] for multiple comparisons ( see appendix d ) , instead of using dunnett 's procedure .

If the numbers of data points for each toxicant concentration are not equal , the Wilcoxon Rank Sum Test with Bonferroni 's adjustment should be used ( see Appendix F ) .
if the numbers of data points for each toxicant concentration are not equal , the wilcoxon rank sum test with bonferroni 's [change] should be used ( see appendix f ) .

A step-by-step example of the use of the t test with Bonferroni 's adjustment is provided in Appendix D .
a step-by-step example of the use of the t test with bonferroni 's [change] is provided in appendix d .

The data are ranked and the analysis proceeds exactly as in Steel 's Test except that Bonferroni 's adjustment for multiple comparisons is used instead of Steel 's tables .
the data are ranked and the analysis proceeds exactly as in steel 's test except that bonferroni 's [change] for multiple comparisons is used instead of steel 's tables .

When Steel 's test can be used ( i.e. , when there are equal numbers of data points per toxicant concentration ) , it will be more powerful ( able to detect smaller differences as statistically significant ) than the Wilcoxon Rank Sum Test with Bonferroni 's adjustment .
when steel 's test can be used ( i.e. , when there are equal numbers of data points per toxicant concentration ) , it will be more powerful ( able to detect smaller differences as statistically significant ) than the wilcoxon rank sum test with bonferroni 's [change] .

A step-by-step example of the use of the Wilcoxon Rank Sum Test with Bonferroni Adjustment is provided in Appendix F .
a step-by-step example of the use of the wilcoxon rank sum test with bonferroni [change] is provided in appendix f .

In cases where the responses at the low toxicant concentrations are much higher than in the controls , the smoothing process may result in a large upward adjustment in the control mean .
in cases where the responses at the low toxicant concentrations are much higher than in the controls , the smoothing process may result in a large upward [change] in the control mean .

The Limitations of the Model Include • The Model combines IPM and EIA cost elements that use similar -- but not identical -- assumptions on capital recovery and aggregate cost data in a similar -- but not identical -- regional manner that needs adjustment .
the limitations of the model include • the model combines ipm and eia cost elements that use similar -- but not identical -- assumptions on capital recovery and aggregate cost data in a similar -- but not identical -- regional manner that needs [change] .

The costs include : ( 1 ) direct investment costs , ( 2 ) operating and maintenance costs , ( 3 ) research and development and other government program costs , ( 4 ) transaction , search , and compliance costs , ( 5 ) adjustment costs associated with large changes in specific capital stocks , ( 6 ) lost economic flexibility created by additional emission requirements , and ( 7 ) potential interactions with the existing tax system .
the costs include : ( 1 ) direct investment costs , ( 2 ) operating and maintenance costs , ( 3 ) research and development and other government program costs , ( 4 ) transaction , search , and compliance costs , ( 5 ) [change] costs associated with large changes in specific capital stocks , ( 6 ) lost economic flexibility created by additional emission requirements , and ( 7 ) potential interactions with the existing tax system .

Some , such as loss of flexibility and adjustment costs on the cost side , and health benefits and spillovers on the benefit side , remain beyond the scope of this analysis .
some , such as loss of flexibility and [change] costs on the cost side , and health benefits and spillovers on the benefit side , remain beyond the scope of this analysis .

The Administrator , in consultation with the Secretary of Energy , must conduct a study that addresses a number of specific factors regarding , among other things : the need for further reductions of these pollutants from affected EGUs and other sources to attain or maintain the national ambient air quality standards ; whether adjusting any of the limitations would have benefits that would justify the costs of such adjustment ; the relative marginal cost effectiveness of the reductions from affected EGUs ; and the feasibility of attaining the limitations and any alternative limitations .
the administrator , in consultation with the secretary of energy , must conduct a study that addresses a number of specific factors regarding , among other things : the need for further reductions of these pollutants from affected egus and other sources to attain or maintain the national ambient air quality standards ; whether adjusting any of the limitations would have benefits that would justify the costs of such [change] ; the relative marginal cost effectiveness of the reductions from affected egus ; and the feasibility of attaining the limitations and any alternative limitations .

These adjustment ratios are applied to the actual monitoring data to generate estimates of ozone levels at the monitor for the future scenarios .
these [change] ratios are applied to the actual monitoring data to generate estimates of ozone levels at the monitor for the future scenarios .

While we wait for further clarification from the scientific community , we have chosen not to remove these results from the Clear Skies benefits estimates , nor have we elected to apply any interim adjustment factor based on the preliminary reanalyses .
while we wait for further clarification from the scientific community , we have chosen not to remove these results from the clear skies benefits estimates , nor have we elected to apply any interim [change] factor based on the preliminary reanalyses .

To account for the full potential multi-day mortality impact of acute PM2.5 events , we use the distributed lag model for PM10 reported in Schwartz ( 2000 ) to develop an adjustment factor which we then apply to the PM2.5 based C-R function reported in Schwartz et al .
to account for the full potential multi-day mortality impact of acute pm2.5 events , we use the distributed lag model for pm10 reported in schwartz ( 2000 ) to develop an [change] factor which we then apply to the pm2.5 based c-r function reported in schwartz et al .

The distributed lag adjustment factor is constructed as the ratio of the estimated coefficient from the unconstrained distributed lag model to the estimated coefficient from the single-lag model reported in Schwartz ( 2000 ) .
the distributed lag [change] factor is constructed as the ratio of the estimated coefficient from the unconstrained distributed lag model to the estimated coefficient from the single-lag model reported in schwartz ( 2000 ) .

This adjustment factor is then multiplied by the estimated coefficients from the Schwartz et al .
this [change] factor is then multiplied by the estimated coefficients from the schwartz et al .

The lag adjustment distributes the mortality incidence over five years ( 25 percent in each of the first two years , and 17 percent for each of the remaining years ) and discounts mortality benefits over this period at a rate of three percent .
the lag [change] distributes the mortality incidence over five years ( 25 percent in each of the first two years , and 17 percent for each of the remaining years ) and discounts mortality benefits over this period at a rate of three percent .

The adjustment to the mortality unit valuation for growth in real income in 2020 is achieved using an adjustment factor of 1.278.2 This value does not reflect the adjustment for changes in real income over time that is included in the chronic bronchitis valuation in our national benefits summaries .
the [change] to the mortality unit valuation for growth in real income in 2020 is achieved using an [change] factor of 1.278.2 this value does not reflect the [change] for changes in real income over time that is included in the chronic bronchitis valuation in our national benefits summaries .

The adjustment to the chronic bronchitis unit valuation for growth in real income in 2020 is achieved using an adjustment factor of 1.319 .
the [change] to the chronic bronchitis unit valuation for growth in real income in 2020 is achieved using an [change] factor of 1.319 .

These values do not reflect the adjustment for changes in real income over time that is included in the benefit valuations in our national benefits summaries .
these values do not reflect the [change] for changes in real income over time that is included in the benefit valuations in our national benefits summaries .

The adjustment to the unit valuations of these endpoints for growth in real income in 2020 is achieved using an adjustment factor of 1.089 .
the [change] to the unit valuations of these endpoints for growth in real income in 2020 is achieved using an [change] factor of 1.089 .

The valuation of Work Loss Days presented in our national benefits summaries , however , incorporates county-specific adjustment factors to account for variations in regional income .
the valuation of work loss days presented in our national benefits summaries , however , incorporates county-specific [change] factors to account for variations in regional income .

The second issue is addressed by assuming that the relationship between age and willingness-to-pay for fatal risk reductions can be approximated using an adjustment factor derived from Jones-Lee ( 1989 ) .
the second issue is addressed by assuming that the relationship between age and willingness-to-pay for fatal risk reductions can be approximated using an [change] factor derived from jones-lee ( 1989 ) .

A simpler and potentially less biased approach is to simply apply a single age adjustment based on whether the individual was over or under 65 years of age at the time of death .
a simpler and potentially less biased approach is to simply apply a single age [change] based on whether the individual was over or under 65 years of age at the time of death .

To correct for the potential extrapolation error for ages beyond 70 , the adjustment factor is selected as the ratio of a 70 year old individual 's WTP to a 40 year old individual 's WTP , which is 0.63 , based on the Jones-Lee ( 1989 ) results and 0.92 based on the Jones-Lee ( 1993 ) results .
to correct for the potential extrapolation error for ages beyond 70 , the [change] factor is selected as the ratio of a 70 year old individual 's wtp to a 40 year old individual 's wtp , which is 0.63 , based on the jones-lee ( 1989 ) results and 0.92 based on the jones-lee ( 1993 ) results .

To show the maximum impact of the age adjustment , the Alternative Estimate is based on the Jones-Lee ( 1989 ) adjustment factor of 0.63 , which yields a VSL of $ 2.3 million for populations over the age of 70 .
to show the maximum impact of the age [change] , the alternative estimate is based on the jones-lee ( 1989 ) [change] factor of 0.63 , which yields a vsl of $ 2.3 million for populations over the age of 70 .

As a final step , these estimated VSL values are multiplied by the appropriate adjustment factors to account for changes in WTP over time , as outlined above .
as a final step , these estimated vsl values are multiplied by the appropriate [change] factors to account for changes in wtp over time , as outlined above .

The adjustment is made by applying the elasticity of WTP with respect to severity reported in the Krupnick and Cropper ( 1992 ) study .
the [change] is made by applying the elasticity of wtp with respect to severity reported in the krupnick and cropper ( 1992 ) study .

Details of this adjustment procedure can be found in the Heavy-Duty Engine/Diesel Fuel RIA and its supporting documentation , and in the most recent Section 812 study ( EPA 1999 ) .
details of this [change] procedure can be found in the heavy-duty engine/diesel fuel ria and its supporting documentation , and in the most recent section 812 study ( epa 1999 ) .

As noted above , we apply one adjustment by discounting lagged mortality incidence effects .
as noted above , we apply one [change] by discounting lagged mortality incidence effects .

A second adjustment is conducted as part of the mortality , morbidity , and visibility valuation procedures to incorporate the effect of changes in income over time on WTP .
a second [change] is conducted as part of the mortality , morbidity , and visibility valuation procedures to incorporate the effect of changes in income over time on wtp .

That procedure uses per capita income estimates generated from Federal Government projections of income and population growth , and applies three different income elasticities for mortality , severe morbidity , and light symptom effects.21 Benefits for each of the categories - minor health effects , severe and chronic health effects ( which include chronic bronchitis and premature mortality ) , and visibility - were adjusted by multiplying the unadjusted benefits by the appropriate adjustment factor , listed in Exhibit 10 below .
that procedure uses per capita income estimates generated from federal government projections of income and population growth , and applies three different income elasticities for mortality , severe morbidity , and light symptom effects.21 benefits for each of the categories - minor health effects , severe and chronic health effects ( which include chronic bronchitis and premature mortality ) , and visibility - were adjusted by multiplying the unadjusted benefits by the appropriate [change] factor , listed in exhibit 10 below .

Exhibit 10 Adjustment Factors Used to Account for Projected Real Income Growth through 2010 and 2020 Benefit Adjustment Factor Adjustment Factor Category ( 2010 ) ( 2020 ) Minor Health Effect 1.038 1.089 Severe and Chronic Health Effects 1.127 1.319 Premature Mortality 1.112 1.278 Visibility 1.272 1.758 The procedure used to develop these adjustment factors is described in more detail in the Heavy-Duty Engine/Diesel Fuel RIA ( U.S. EPA , 2000b ) .
exhibit 10 [change] factors used to account for projected real income growth through 2010 and 2020 benefit [change] factor [change] factor category ( 2010 ) ( 2020 ) minor health effect 1.038 1.089 severe and chronic health effects 1.127 1.319 premature mortality 1.112 1.278 visibility 1.272 1.758 the procedure used to develop these [change] factors is described in more detail in the heavy-duty engine/diesel fuel ria ( u.s. epa , 2000b ) .

The result of applying these adjustment factors is an updated set of unit economic values used in the valuation step .
the result of applying these [change] factors is an updated set of unit economic values used in the valuation step .

This value reflects both the 5-year lag adjustment and the adjustments for changes in real income over time that are included in the mortality valuation in our national benefits summaries .
this value reflects both the 5-year lag [change] and the adjustments for changes in real income over time that are included in the mortality valuation in our national benefits summaries .

The lag adjustment distributes the mortality incidence over five years ( 25 percent in each of the first two years , and 17 percent for each of the remaining years ) and discounts mortality benefits over this period at a rate of three percent .
the lag [change] distributes the mortality incidence over five years ( 25 percent in each of the first two years , and 17 percent for each of the remaining years ) and discounts mortality benefits over this period at a rate of three percent .

The adjustment to the mortality unit valuation for growth in real income in 2010 is achieved using an adjustment factor of 1.112 .
the [change] to the mortality unit valuation for growth in real income in 2010 is achieved using an [change] factor of 1.112 .

For 2020 , the adjustment factor is 1.278 .
for 2020 , the [change] factor is 1.278 .

This value reflects the adjustment for changes in real income over time that is included in the chronic bronchitis valuation in our national benefits summaries .
this value reflects the [change] for changes in real income over time that is included in the chronic bronchitis valuation in our national benefits summaries .

The adjustment to the chronic bronchitis unit valuation for growth in real income in 2010 is achieved using an adjustment factor of 1.127 .
the [change] to the chronic bronchitis unit valuation for growth in real income in 2010 is achieved using an [change] factor of 1.127 .

For 2020 , the adjustment factor is 1.319 .
for 2020 , the [change] factor is 1.319 .

These values reflect the adjustment for changes in real income over time that is included in the benefit valuations in our national benefits summaries .
these values reflect the [change] for changes in real income over time that is included in the benefit valuations in our national benefits summaries .

The adjustment to the unit valuations of these endpoints for growth in real income in 2010 is achieved using an adjustment factor of 1.038 .
the [change] to the unit valuations of these endpoints for growth in real income in 2010 is achieved using an [change] factor of 1.038 .

For 2020 , the adjustment factor is 1.089 .
for 2020 , the [change] factor is 1.089 .

The valuation of Work Loss Days presented in our national benefits summaries , however , incorporates county-specific adjustment factors to account for variations in regional income .
the valuation of work loss days presented in our national benefits summaries , however , incorporates county-specific [change] factors to account for variations in regional income .

The first alternative C-R function is based on the relative risk of 1.16 from the `` Fine Particles Alone , Regional Adjustment Random Effects '' model reported in Table 46 of the HEI report .
the first alternative c-r function is based on the relative risk of 1.16 from the `` fine particles alone , regional [change] random effects '' model reported in table 46 of the hei report .

However , the HEI report noted that the spatial adjustment methods `` may have over adjusted the estimated effect for regional pollutants such as fine particles and sulfate compared with the effect estimates for more local pollutants such as sulfur dioxide . ''
however , the hei report noted that the spatial [change] methods `` may have over adjusted the estimated effect for regional pollutants such as fine particles and sulfate compared with the effect estimates for more local pollutants such as sulfur dioxide . ''

Age-specific VSL adjustment factors can be derived from a series of contingent valuation studies conducted in the United Kingdom to evaluate WTP for road safety improvements that reduce mortality risk .
age-specific vsl [change] factors can be derived from a series of contingent valuation studies conducted in the united kingdom to evaluate wtp for road safety improvements that reduce mortality risk .

The two available sources , both authored by Michael Jones-Lee , derive significantly differing adjustment factors , and reflect reflecting the overall uncertainty within the literature about age-specific VSL adjustments .
the two available sources , both authored by michael jones-lee , derive significantly differing [change] factors , and reflect reflecting the overall uncertainty within the literature about age-specific vsl adjustments .

The results of this alternative calculation reduce the overall Base Estimate for the Clear Skies Act by 43 percent for the more extreme adjustment derived from Jones-Lee ( 1989 ) , and by 9 percent for the less extreme adjustment derived from Jones-Lee ( 1993 ) , as summarized in Exhibits 15 and 16 below .
the results of this alternative calculation reduce the overall base estimate for the clear skies act by 43 percent for the more extreme [change] derived from jones-lee ( 1989 ) , and by 9 percent for the less extreme [change] derived from jones-lee ( 1993 ) , as summarized in exhibits 15 and 16 below .

The specific adjustment procedure applied is described in more detail in the Heavy-Duty Engine/Diesel Fuel RIA ( U.S. EPA , 2000b ) .
the specific [change] procedure applied is described in more detail in the heavy-duty engine/diesel fuel ria ( u.s. epa , 2000b ) .

In particular , adjustments were made for differences in labor cost , amount of worksharing , and mix of mail by shape.1 In this paper , we add an adjustment for counter costs.2 The resulting model estimate of Poste Italiane 's unit cost is 74 cents versus the actual value of 79 cents .
in particular , adjustments were made for differences in labor cost , amount of worksharing , and mix of mail by shape.1 in this paper , we add an [change] for counter costs.2 the resulting model estimate of poste italiane 's unit cost is 74 cents versus the actual value of 79 cents .

A downward adjustment would also improve Italy 's relation to the mail processing prediction but move Portugal further away .
a downward [change] would also improve italy 's relation to the mail processing prediction but move portugal further away .

ESTIMATED UNIT COSTS In order to compare unit costs , it is desirable to make the adjustments we have discussed above plus an adjustment for productive hourly wage in purchasing power parities ( PPP ) .
estimated unit costs in order to compare unit costs , it is desirable to make the adjustments we have discussed above plus an [change] for productive hourly wage in purchasing power parities ( ppp ) .

The appendix describes the adjustment factors .
the appendix describes the [change] factors .

It was a take -- off on a joint USPS-PRC task force recommendation in the early '90s for a four-year rate cycle with a mid-cycle adjustment .
it was a take -- off on a joint usps-prc task force recommendation in the early '90s for a four-year rate cycle with a mid-cycle [change] .

GENERAL GUIDE LINES It is necessary to discuss the framework within which the Postal Service 's adjustment process will be considered .
general guide lines it is necessary to discuss the framework within which the postal service 's [change] process will be considered .

What is important to understand is that the MBMFC rule is fundamental to Class and Standard A as we know them , and eliminating it would unleash forces that would lead to a major restructuring , not to a minor adjustment .
what is important to understand is that the mbmfc rule is fundamental to class and standard a as we know them , and eliminating it would unleash forces that would lead to a major restructuring , not to a minor [change] .

The inverse price cap is a relatively simple notion that would require no more than a minor adjustment to the law , if one is needed at all .
the inverse price cap is a relatively simple notion that would require no more than a minor [change] to the law , if one is needed at all .

One more adjustment is needed .
one more [change] is needed .

According to General Eberhart , `` it took about 30 seconds '' to make the adjustment to the real-world situation .
according to general eberhart , `` it took about 30 seconds '' to make the [change] to the real-world situation .

Social and religious traditions complicate adjustment to modern economic activity and limit employment opportunities for young Saudis .
social and religious traditions complicate [change] to modern economic activity and limit employment opportunities for young saudis .

This removal introduces artificial space by day-of-week interaction , so this approach only works if it is implemented in conjunction with the stratified adjustment for space by day-of-week interaction .
this removal introduces artificial space by day-of-week interaction , so this approach only works if it is implemented in conjunction with the stratified [change] for space by day-of-week interaction .

The primary advantages of the method are that it is easy to use , it only requires case data , it automatically adjusts for naturally occurring purely spatial and purely temporal variation , it allows adjustment for space by day-of-week interaction , and it is capable of handling missing data .
the primary advantages of the method are that it is easy to use , it only requires case data , it automatically adjusts for naturally occurring purely spatial and purely temporal variation , it allows [change] for space by day-of-week interaction , and it is capable of handling missing data .

Figure 2 shows the mean BMI for 45-min intervals of average nightly sleep after adjustment for age and sex .
figure 2 shows the mean bmi for 45-min intervals of average nightly sleep after [change] for age and sex .

We found a significant U-shaped curvilinear relationship between average nightly sleep and BMI after adjustment for age and sex ( average nightly sleep coefficient = −2.40 , p = 0.008 ; ( average nightly sleep ) 2 coefficient = 0.156 , p = 0.008 ; the two coefficients define a curve ) .
we found a significant u-shaped curvilinear relationship between average nightly sleep and bmi after [change] for age and sex ( average nightly sleep coefficient = −2.40 , p = 0.008 ; ( average nightly sleep ) 2 coefficient = 0.156 , p = 0.008 ; the two coefficients define a curve ) .

Figure 3A shows the mean leptin levels for half-hour increments of average nightly sleep after adjustment for age , sex , BMI , and time of storage ( see Table 2 ) .
figure 3a shows the mean leptin levels for half-hour increments of average nightly sleep after [change] for age , sex , bmi , and time of storage ( see table 2 ) .

Figure 3B shows the mean ghrelin levels for half-hour increments of total sleep time after adjustment for age , sex , BMI , and time of storage ( see Table 2 ) .
figure 3b shows the mean ghrelin levels for half-hour increments of total sleep time after [change] for age , sex , bmi , and time of storage ( see table 2 ) .

The paper answers the question of the role of uric acid in prediction of CHD clearly : the risk ratio for prediction of disease was 1.13 ( 1.07–1.20 ) , but it was only 1.02 ( 0.91–1.14 ) in the eight studies that had the most complete adjustment for possible confounders .
the paper answers the question of the role of uric acid in prediction of chd clearly : the risk ratio for prediction of disease was 1.13 ( 1.07–1.20 ) , but it was only 1.02 ( 0.91–1.14 ) in the eight studies that had the most complete [change] for possible confounders .

Ideally , frequent contact with the patient and adjustment of the insulin regimen prior to surgery should lead to an excellent glycemic control .
ideally , frequent contact with the patient and [change] of the insulin regimen prior to surgery should lead to an excellent glycemic control .

Statistical adjustment for smoking is often insufficient to account for this difficulty .
statistical [change] for smoking is often insufficient to account for this difficulty .

In the present study , the authors appropriately excluded people with diabetes , and adjustment for hypertension appeared to have little impact .
in the present study , the authors appropriately excluded people with diabetes , and [change] for hypertension appeared to have little impact .

C-reactive protein continued to show abatement of the acute phase response with reduced smoking intensity and increased time since cessation despite adjustment for covariates ( Table 4 ) .
c-reactive protein continued to show abatement of the acute phase response with reduced smoking intensity and increased time since cessation despite [change] for covariates ( table 4 ) .

Tripp 's raise , including a `` locality '' adjustment for working in the Washington , D.C. , area , was 3.68 percent , bringing her salary to $ 94,098 a year .
tripp 's raise , including a `` locality '' [change] for working in the washington , d.c. , area , was 3.68 percent , bringing her salary to $ 94,098 a year .

This table shows how the beers performed on `` raw score '' -- that is , without the advanced statistical adjustment of throwing out the highest and lowest score each beer received .
this table shows how the beers performed on `` raw score '' -- that is , without the advanced statistical [change] of throwing out the highest and lowest score each beer received .

The objective is to keep the won from falling much more than is necessary for the long-run adjustment of the Korean economy , and thereby to prevent unnecessary bankruptcies and unnecessary depression of Korean income and employment .
the objective is to keep the won from falling much more than is necessary for the long-run [change] of the korean economy , and thereby to prevent unnecessary bankruptcies and unnecessary depression of korean income and employment .

Longitudinal studies sought to measure children 's `` development '' -- their language skills , school achievement , cognitive gains , social and emotional adjustment , etc. -- given different kinds and quality of care in their early years .
longitudinal studies sought to measure children 's `` development '' -- their language skills , school achievement , cognitive gains , social and emotional [change] , etc. -- given different kinds and quality of care in their early years .

The law , for example , does not say that the closing of a brewery ( or other plant ) has to be directly attributable to NAFTA-induced trade in order for the displaced workers to be eligible for an extra year of unemployment benefits and other `` adjustment '' assistance .
the law , for example , does not say that the closing of a brewery ( or other plant ) has to be directly attributable to nafta-induced trade in order for the displaced workers to be eligible for an extra year of unemployment benefits and other `` [change] '' assistance .

Instead they retired , found other jobs -- or applied for regular Trade Adjustment Assistance , a larger , older , and also much-abused program .
instead they retired , found other jobs -- or applied for regular trade [change] assistance , a larger , older , and also much-abused program .

Still , while these exclusions may bolster the job-loss claims of the NAFTA attackers , they are hardly an advertisement for the equity of the `` adjustment '' they embrace .
still , while these exclusions may bolster the job-loss claims of the nafta attackers , they are hardly an advertisement for the equity of the `` [change] '' they embrace .

Should that willingness ever falter , one thing is sure : No `` worker adjustment '' program will be able to measure the harm , much less assuage it .
should that willingness ever falter , one thing is sure : no `` worker [change] '' program will be able to measure the harm , much less assuage it .

According to the NYT and LAT , the key legislative adjustment was allowing the president to retain the power to appoint the IRS commissioner .
according to the nyt and lat , the key legislative [change] was allowing the president to retain the power to appoint the irs commissioner .

As labor-market adjustment problems go , this is a pretty small one .
as labor-market [change] problems go , this is a pretty small one .

In reality , there is n't much of a difference between `` support '' and `` agreement '' -- certainly not enough to constitute a `` reversal , '' which was how the New York Times characterized Gore 's adjustment .
in reality , there is n't much of a difference between `` support '' and `` agreement '' -- certainly not enough to constitute a `` reversal , '' which was how the new york times characterized gore 's [change] .

After a period of adjustment , during which many long home runs will seem puny , we 'll slowly reacclimate ourselves to reality .
after a period of [change] , during which many long home runs will seem puny , we 'll slowly reacclimate ourselves to reality .

He likened exchange rate adjustment to the act of setting clocks forward in the spring .
he likened exchange rate [change] to the act of setting clocks forward in the spring .

In the same way , Friedman argued , a country whose wages and prices are too high compared with those abroad will find it much easier to make the necessary adjustment via a change in the value of its currency than through thousands of changes in individual prices .
in the same way , friedman argued , a country whose wages and prices are too high compared with those abroad will find it much easier to make the necessary [change] via a change in the value of its currency than through thousands of changes in individual prices .

There are well-informed people who think that the world economy would be better off if no aid was provided and the Koreans and the international investors who lent money there were forced to make their own adjustment .
there are well-informed people who think that the world economy would be better off if no aid was provided and the koreans and the international investors who lent money there were forced to make their own [change] .

Among the most sensible options are a slight increase in the retirement age ( in keeping with growing life expectancy ) , a mild means-test ( in keeping with principles of fairness ) , and an adjustment in the Consumer Price Index ( in keeping with economic reality ) .
among the most sensible options are a slight increase in the retirement age ( in keeping with growing life expectancy ) , a mild means-test ( in keeping with principles of fairness ) , and an [change] in the consumer price index ( in keeping with economic reality ) .

This adjustment might , notes the Post , significantly affect affirmative action hiring goals or the boundaries of congressional districts .
this [change] might , notes the post , significantly affect affirmative action hiring goals or the boundaries of congressional districts .

Adopting an adjustment to the CPI as the centerpiece of a balanced budget would be a boon to the Democrats .
adopting an [change] to the cpi as the centerpiece of a balanced budget would be a boon to the democrats .

Even liberal economists who are opposing the CPI adjustment understand how good the status quo is for the GOP .
even liberal economists who are opposing the cpi [change] understand how good the status quo is for the gop .

The first is that I find their interpretation of the evidence often skewed ; the second is that while adjustment to lexicon , which they have always strongly advocated , is one thing , modification of grammar is another .
the first is that i find their interpretation of the evidence often skewed ; the second is that while [change] to lexicon , which they have always strongly advocated , is one thing , modification of grammar is another .

