Before adjournment Monday afternoon , the Senate is expected to approve a study of the number of legislators allotted to rural and urban areas to determine what adjustments should be made .
before adjournment monday afternoon , the senate is expected to approve a study of the number of legislators allotted to rural and urban areas to determine what [changes] should be made .

Any adjustments which are made , Mr. Grenier said earlier this month , will appear on the balance of the tax bill since most of the town's taxpayers take the option of paying quarterly with the balance due next year .
any [changes] which are made , mr. grenier said earlier this month , will appear on the balance of the tax bill since most of the town's taxpayers take the option of paying quarterly with the balance due next year .

Obviously , the bridal pair has many adjustments to make to their new situation .
obviously , the bridal pair has many [changes] to make to their new situation .

When no medical problems exist , the newly married couple generally prefer to cope with the adjustments of their new relationship by themselves .
when no medical problems exist , the newly married couple generally prefer to cope with the [changes] of their new relationship by themselves .

Despite their adherence to the status quo , the forces of organized religion were compelled to make adjustments as increasing civilization augmented human knowledge .
despite their adherence to the status quo , the forces of organized religion were compelled to make [changes] as increasing civilization augmented human knowledge .

The type of program desired can be determined by the nature and extent of the adjustments needed .
the type of program desired can be determined by the nature and extent of the [changes] needed .

the other is how to finance the adjustments when necessary .
the other is how to finance the [changes] when necessary .

The adjustments needed to establish a uniform and coordinated fiscal tax collection year calendar throughout Rhode Island , based on a July 1 to June 30 year , are shown below .
the [changes] needed to establish a uniform and coordinated fiscal tax collection year calendar throughout rhode island , based on a july 1 to june 30 year , are shown below .

Simultaneous adjustments .
simultaneous [changes] .

Varying adjustments .
varying [changes] .

All of these towns will require adjustments of both their fiscal and tax collection years .
all of these towns will require [changes] of both their fiscal and tax collection years .

Methods of financing adjustments
methods of financing [changes]

It should be emphasized strongly that adjustments in fiscal dates or adoption of interim budgets do not necessarily mean financing over and above normal governmental requirements .
it should be emphasized strongly that [changes] in fiscal dates or adoption of interim budgets do not necessarily mean financing over and above normal governmental requirements .

For those communities which have financial difficulties in effecting adjustments , there are a number of alternatives any one of which alone , or in combination with others , would minimize if not even eliminate the problem .
for those communities which have financial difficulties in effecting [changes] , there are a number of alternatives any one of which alone , or in combination with others , would minimize if not even eliminate the problem .

and second , to increase uniformly the allotments to those States whose allotments are below their maximums , with adjustments to prevent the allotment of any State from thereby exceeding its maximum .
and second , to increase uniformly the allotments to those states whose allotments are below their maximums , with [changes] to prevent the allotment of any state from thereby exceeding its maximum .

I strongly recommend to the Congress the avoidance of mandatory floors on the size of the reserve components so that we may have the flexibility to make adjustments in keeping with military necessity .
i strongly recommend to the congress the avoidance of mandatory floors on the size of the reserve components so that we may have the flexibility to make [changes] in keeping with military necessity .

For our present purposes we assume that the sole subject of bargaining is the basic wage rate ( not including productivity improvement factors or cost-of-living adjustments ) , and it is this basic wage rate which determines the level of costs .
for our present purposes we assume that the sole subject of bargaining is the basic wage rate ( not including productivity improvement factors or cost-of-living [changes] ) , and it is this basic wage rate which determines the level of costs .

that business be free from governmental supervision and notions of morality which might clog the automatic adjustments of the free market ; ;
that business be free from governmental supervision and notions of morality which might clog the automatic [changes] of the free market ; ;

When the cloth dried and stiffened , he saw what adjustments had to be made .
when the cloth dried and stiffened , he saw what [changes] had to be made .

He flew about the place making these adjustments and it was obvious that what he was doing was the fruit of long experience .
he flew about the place making these [changes] and it was obvious that what he was doing was the fruit of long experience .

Flight lieutenant Fraser Boyd does n't like heights ; With that in mind he hopes the final adjustments he 's making in dock in Plymouth will render a return visits unnecessary while half way across the Atlantic .
flight lieutenant fraser boyd does n't like heights ; with that in mind he hopes the final [changes] he 's making in dock in plymouth will render a return visits unnecessary while half way across the atlantic .

The technicians make the final adjustments to the Blockbusters board .
the technicians make the final [changes] to the blockbusters board .

The technicians make the final adjustments to the Blockbusters board .
the technicians make the final [changes] to the blockbusters board .

We therefore have to make adjustments to these cereals if we are going to provide the horse with the nutrients it needs .
we therefore have to make [changes] to these cereals if we are going to provide the horse with the nutrients it needs .

After the red-hot protests of the retired classes , Clinton will not touch the expensive cost of living adjustments to their social security pensions , although he will make taxable 85 per cent of the benefits paid to the rich instead of the present 50 per cent .
after the red-hot protests of the retired classes , clinton will not touch the expensive cost of living [changes] to their social security pensions , although he will make taxable 85 per cent of the benefits paid to the rich instead of the present 50 per cent .

Mr Smith said the Government 's stock-taking exercise invited ridicule as a set of inadequate minor adjustments to an out-dated system by a discredited government .
mr smith said the government 's stock-taking exercise invited ridicule as a set of inadequate minor [changes] to an out-dated system by a discredited government .

After writing back £122 million of restructuring costs taken to reserves and several other adjustments , Midland chipped in only £184 million to attributable profits of £1.22 billion .
after writing back £122 million of restructuring costs taken to reserves and several other [changes] , midland chipped in only £184 million to attributable profits of £1.22 billion .

Some analysts pointed to a further fall of 13,000 in manufacturing jobs which could indicate the overall fall may be due to problems with seasonal adjustments , and expect the upward trend to resume in March .
some analysts pointed to a further fall of 13,000 in manufacturing jobs which could indicate the overall fall may be due to problems with seasonal [changes] , and expect the upward trend to resume in march .

Each change induces subtle adjustments and the heavier bat has brought about the introduction of the early pick-up with some resultant technical deficiencies .
each change induces subtle [changes] and the heavier bat has brought about the introduction of the early pick-up with some resultant technical deficiencies .

This is no humdrum bundle of fiscal adjustments , but a bonfire of the old dogma .
this is no humdrum bundle of fiscal [changes] , but a bonfire of the old dogma .

It should be understood that the market does not have an actual geographical location , but that the market is the activity which takes place between financial institutions , using the various instruments and facilities to make liquidity adjustments , to maximise returns on money they are holding .
it should be understood that the market does not have an actual geographical location , but that the market is the activity which takes place between financial institutions , using the various instruments and facilities to make liquidity [changes] , to maximise returns on money they are holding .

It 's more at the medium-term level that you can talk about the system making sensible adjustments to new circumstances , and indeed , many schools and many Local Education Authorities have simply had to do that , they 've had to erm adjust to much smaller numbers of pupils , correspondingly smaller numbers of teachers , and a much more static situation generally .
it 's more at the medium-term level that you can talk about the system making sensible [changes] to new circumstances , and indeed , many schools and many local education authorities have simply had to do that , they 've had to erm adjust to much smaller numbers of pupils , correspondingly smaller numbers of teachers , and a much more static situation generally .

Yes , it 's , it 's about ten thousand miles , but er , er hopefully with a few adjustments , should be alright ,
yes , it 's , it 's about ten thousand miles , but er , er hopefully with a few [changes] , should be alright ,

Are you now confident about placing your faith in the adjustments that are happening with the economy ?
are you now confident about placing your faith in the [changes] that are happening with the economy ?

The monthly fall , which after seasonal adjustments was 0.8pc , confirmed the previous month 's record drop was due to a distortion rather than a more general malaise .
the monthly fall , which after seasonal [changes] was 0.8pc , confirmed the previous month 's record drop was due to a distortion rather than a more general malaise .

National income and real output per capita To convert national income into real output per capita , it is necessary to make two adjustments : ( i ) national income must be deflated by an appropriate price index to convert it to real terms ; ( ii ) the figure must then be divided by the population to convert it to per capita terms .
national income and real output per capita to convert national income into real output per capita , it is necessary to make two [changes] : ( i ) national income must be deflated by an appropriate price index to convert it to real terms ; ( ii ) the figure must then be divided by the population to convert it to per capita terms .

To show how these adjustments are made , consider a simple numerical example .
to show how these [changes] are made , consider a simple numerical example .

This is the essence of Keynes ' analysis : that output or quantity adjustments come before price adjustments in response to changes in demand in the economy .
this is the essence of keynes ' analysis : that output or quantity [changes] come before price [changes] in response to changes in demand in the economy .

meant beauty lotions or help for someone in trouble , we are today senior citizens , a hardy bunch when you think of how the world has changed and of the adjustments we have had to make and that is
meant beauty lotions or help for someone in trouble , we are today senior citizens , a hardy bunch when you think of how the world has changed and of the [changes] we have had to make and that is

The adjustments are generally made in club selection , aim and body alignment at address .
the [changes] are generally made in club selection , aim and body alignment at address .

Many a club golfer tries to swing harder , or tries to beat the wind conditions with mid-swing adjustments .
many a club golfer tries to swing harder , or tries to beat the wind conditions with mid-swing [changes] .

( Chandler guitars recommend holding the tremolo arm down to make adjustments ; you can then prop up the rear of the bridge with a small block of wood or the like ) .
( chandler guitars recommend holding the tremolo arm down to make [changes] ; you can then prop up the rear of the bridge with a small block of wood or the like ) .

When the overall height is approximately right , retune the guitar and make any necessary fine adjustments for height and intonation with the saddle screws .
when the overall height is approximately right , retune the guitar and make any necessary fine [changes] for height and intonation with the saddle screws .

For the fishkeeper perhaps the main advantage is that small adjustments to the lighting level can be made without buying a new control unit .
for the fishkeeper perhaps the main advantage is that small [changes] to the lighting level can be made without buying a new control unit .

Originally , the adjustments Gambale made to the standard Saber design included even lower profiling of neck , pickups and trem .
originally , the [changes] gambale made to the standard saber design included even lower profiling of neck , pickups and trem .

Later changes in the heart mechanism , according to the argument , and increasing size completed the job of further adjustments to their changing environment .
later changes in the heart mechanism , according to the argument , and increasing size completed the job of further [changes] to their changing environment .

Remember to ensure the instrument is tuned to concert pitch while making these adjustments .
remember to ensure the instrument is tuned to concert pitch while making these [changes] .

It was obvious that Anne had adjustments to make in accommodating his success in her life .
it was obvious that anne had [changes] to make in accommodating his success in her life .

He failed always to understand that there was a large area of common ground in British public opinion on India which consisted in the belief that , with a few adjustments , British rule could be made , and remain , acceptable to Indians for ever , and that differences of opinion were to a considerable extent about how this was to be done .
he failed always to understand that there was a large area of common ground in british public opinion on india which consisted in the belief that , with a few [changes] , british rule could be made , and remain , acceptable to indians for ever , and that differences of opinion were to a considerable extent about how this was to be done .

We are expected to make seasonal adjustments to change our clothes , make-up and even our bodies in accordance with fashion .
we are expected to make seasonal [changes] to change our clothes , make-up and even our bodies in accordance with fashion .

When making alignment adjustments , Warwick users occasionally tend to over-tighten the rod in order to make the neck as straight as possible .
when making alignment [changes] , warwick users occasionally tend to over-tighten the rod in order to make the neck as straight as possible .

He said : ‘ The Queen could concede that with inflation being rather different from what was anticipated in 1990 , there need to be certain adjustments .
he said : ‘ the queen could concede that with inflation being rather different from what was anticipated in 1990 , there need to be certain [changes] .

And she can volunteer those adjustments .
and she can volunteer those [changes] .

However , should the excess fares and/or office allowance increase at any time during the three year period adjustments will be made .
however , should the excess fares and/or office allowance increase at any time during the three year period [changes] will be made .

However , very precise adjustments to the diet can have a dramatic effect on helping to control the disease .
however , very precise [changes] to the diet can have a dramatic effect on helping to control the disease .

Nor will she be able to look forward to that sense of completeness when her grieving is over which is experienced by the widow whose marriage was happy , and she will have some difficult emotional adjustments to make in order to come to terms with her situation , in which both love and life seem to have betrayed her .
nor will she be able to look forward to that sense of completeness when her grieving is over which is experienced by the widow whose marriage was happy , and she will have some difficult emotional [changes] to make in order to come to terms with her situation , in which both love and life seem to have betrayed her .

Sugar is not usually a major culprit in food intolerance , but high intakes do require massive hormone adjustments , and put a strain on your body .
sugar is not usually a major culprit in food intolerance , but high intakes do require massive hormone [changes] , and put a strain on your body .

This agreement was an essential item incorporated into the Form of Tender , and allowances made accordingly , although some adjustments to the programming were made as work proceeded on site .
this agreement was an essential item incorporated into the form of tender , and allowances made accordingly , although some [changes] to the programming were made as work proceeded on site .

Falling rolls and rapid technological and social change are bringing about constant adjustments and shifts in the secondary school curriculum , demanding in turn a degree of flexibility and adaptability on the part of the teaching force .
falling rolls and rapid technological and social change are bringing about constant [changes] and shifts in the secondary school curriculum , demanding in turn a degree of flexibility and adaptability on the part of the teaching force .

Not only is there a lack of research evidence to support this view , but it has been argued that many children do better remaining in a single-parent family than in having to make further adjustments to a third form of family life — the step-family ( Richards and Dyson , 1982 ) .
not only is there a lack of research evidence to support this view , but it has been argued that many children do better remaining in a single-parent family than in having to make further [changes] to a third form of family life — the step-family ( richards and dyson , 1982 ) .

Plants are closing all over Europe as recession deepens on the continent and particular industries make the painful adjustments to their own private new world orders , but the announcement that Digital Equipment Corp was to close its venerable 22-year-old manufacturing plant in Galway has drawn international attention that far exceeds anything generated by threatened closures such as the even more venerable truck plant that is almost the only employer in the Lancashire town of Leyland , and involved a threat to many more jobs .
plants are closing all over europe as recession deepens on the continent and particular industries make the painful [changes] to their own private new world orders , but the announcement that digital equipment corp was to close its venerable 22-year-old manufacturing plant in galway has drawn international attention that far exceeds anything generated by threatened closures such as the even more venerable truck plant that is almost the only employer in the lancashire town of leyland , and involved a threat to many more jobs .

Numerous analyses leave no doubt that the scale of these changes can not be explained by any combination of relative adjustments within the context of post-war international economic recovery , the emergence of new industrial nations , the vigorous operation of comparative advantage within a high growth of trade , or by the substantial increase in semi-manufactures [ Panic , 1975 ] .
numerous analyses leave no doubt that the scale of these changes can not be explained by any combination of relative [changes] within the context of post-war international economic recovery , the emergence of new industrial nations , the vigorous operation of comparative advantage within a high growth of trade , or by the substantial increase in semi-manufactures [ panic , 1975 ] .

On this measure , in average terms , Britain was not at a disadvantage after 1967 since exchange rate adjustments compensated for higher costs [ National Institute , 1972 ] .
on this measure , in average terms , britain was not at a disadvantage after 1967 since exchange rate [changes] compensated for higher costs [ national institute , 1972 ] .

Over and above this , there were no exchange rate adjustments before 1967 by which time , anyway , much serious damage had already been done [ Hughes and Thirlwall , 1977 ] .
over and above this , there were no exchange rate [changes] before 1967 by which time , anyway , much serious damage had already been done [ hughes and thirlwall , 1977 ] .

There have been numerous and convincing criticisms of the data used in these exercises and of their disregard of other forces , in particular of the causal influence of prices on wage demands and of complex institutional pressures which result in marked stickiness in downward adjustments of wage rates [ Phelps Brown , 1975 ] .
there have been numerous and convincing criticisms of the data used in these exercises and of their disregard of other forces , in particular of the causal influence of prices on wage demands and of complex institutional pressures which result in marked stickiness in downward [changes] of wage rates [ phelps brown , 1975 ] .

What is assumed is an unreal world in which governments would be able to resist the pressures and demands of this union or that business corporation for tariff adjustments to meet particular vested interests .
what is assumed is an unreal world in which governments would be able to resist the pressures and demands of this union or that business corporation for tariff [changes] to meet particular vested interests .

Although there was a potential for conflict between the other two policy aims , full employment and the protection of sterling , they were sustained because any necessary adjustments could be absorbed by the overall growth of the economy .
although there was a potential for conflict between the other two policy aims , full employment and the protection of sterling , they were sustained because any necessary [changes] could be absorbed by the overall growth of the economy .

Beyond provisions for retraining , such policies do not involve interventionism but the removal of obstacles — including minimum wage laws and ‘ excessive ’ social welfare benefits — which inhibit the efficiency of labour markets and , in particular , real-wage adjustments .
beyond provisions for retraining , such policies do not involve interventionism but the removal of obstacles — including minimum wage laws and ‘ excessive ’ social welfare benefits — which inhibit the efficiency of labour markets and , in particular , real-wage [changes] .

You 're at your terminal making those last adjustments to the spreadsheets .
you 're at your terminal making those last [changes] to the spreadsheets .

Alan West , senior tax manager of accountants Grant Thornton in Suffolk , said that while , generally , tax rates had not been increased because of Budget adjustments , people would have less cash available for spending or saving .
alan west , senior tax manager of accountants grant thornton in suffolk , said that while , generally , tax rates had not been increased because of budget [changes] , people would have less cash available for spending or saving .

To combat ageism , therefore , we need knowledge and understanding of the effective adjustments which so many very old people make in the face of radically changed situations , physical , social and emotional .
to combat ageism , therefore , we need knowledge and understanding of the effective [changes] which so many very old people make in the face of radically changed situations , physical , social and emotional .

In general , Wordsworth 's changes were often simple adjustments aimed at tidying up the poem — he removed lines 343–4 in our extract ; but he also altered the language in the direction of the exaggerated poetic diction which he had campaigned against in earlier days — there are no examples in our extract , except perhaps ‘ the female ’ for ‘ the Woman ’ in line 315 .
in general , wordsworth 's changes were often simple [changes] aimed at tidying up the poem — he removed lines 343–4 in our extract ; but he also altered the language in the direction of the exaggerated poetic diction which he had campaigned against in earlier days — there are no examples in our extract , except perhaps ‘ the female ’ for ‘ the woman ’ in line 315 .

If you had set the pitch of the blades using a pitch gauge this will , of course , upset your careful adjustments .
if you had set the pitch of the blades using a pitch gauge this will , of course , upset your careful [changes] .

Here , the answer is to be extra careful with the pitch setting of one blade and make all your tracking adjustments to the other blade .
here , the answer is to be extra careful with the pitch setting of one blade and make all your tracking [changes] to the other blade .

Adjustments may then be made to ensure that both tips are at the same height above the same point without the model being moved ( Fig.4.3 ) .
[changes] may then be made to ensure that both tips are at the same height above the same point without the model being moved ( fig.4.3 ) .

Assuming that you decide that you wish to take things seriously and intend to acquire suitable equipment , you should look for a helicopter radio which has two idle-up systems , plus a throttle hold switch , with separate collective pitch adjustments on each . These will be used to set things up for three separate flight conditions :
assuming that you decide that you wish to take things seriously and intend to acquire suitable equipment , you should look for a helicopter radio which has two idle-up systems , plus a throttle hold switch , with separate collective pitch [changes] on each . these will be used to set things up for three separate flight conditions :

Adjustments could also be made at the wrapping stage .
[changes] could also be made at the wrapping stage .

While ideal for touring , when flying in close formation you ca n't put in rapid throttle adjustments without first pushing in the centre button .
while ideal for touring , when flying in close formation you ca n't put in rapid throttle [changes] without first pushing in the centre button .

It 's no good to produce neatly cut panels then spoil them with distorted sewing , so the very first concern must be to understand the adjustments for thread tension .
it 's no good to produce neatly cut panels then spoil them with distorted sewing , so the very first concern must be to understand the [changes] for thread tension .

Then go through the sleeving procedure and , according to type of handle , apply knots to secure , but no ‘ Granny ’ knots please as you will possibly have to make adjustments later .
then go through the sleeving procedure and , according to type of handle , apply knots to secure , but no ‘ granny ’ knots please as you will possibly have to make [changes] later .

Two adjustments are possible .
two [changes] are possible .

So check thoroughly-there is no point in our going further to describe how small adjustments on the connecting ring can affect performance when the bridle loops to the leading edge are allowed to slide out of position !
so check thoroughly-there is no point in our going further to describe how small [changes] on the connecting ring can affect performance when the bridle loops to the leading edge are allowed to slide out of position !

Use the gentler heat if your dryer has variable adjustments .
use the gentler heat if your dryer has variable [changes] .

Not because the decision in Spain weighed on him , but because while Niki 's Ferrari continued to perform with unfailing reliability , his own car , due to minute adjustments to accommodate new regulations , was turning into a pig : proof once again that even the tiniest changes in a car can gravely affect its performance and that it is the smallest defects that are the hardest to detect .
not because the decision in spain weighed on him , but because while niki 's ferrari continued to perform with unfailing reliability , his own car , due to minute [changes] to accommodate new regulations , was turning into a pig : proof once again that even the tiniest changes in a car can gravely affect its performance and that it is the smallest defects that are the hardest to detect .

Although in general the evidence suggests that it is usually the man 's retirement that provokes most friction , this may change as more of today 's working wives turn sixty and find themselves facing the same need to make difficult adjustments .
although in general the evidence suggests that it is usually the man 's retirement that provokes most friction , this may change as more of today 's working wives turn sixty and find themselves facing the same need to make difficult [changes] .

The basic subjects that the best courses address are : finance , health , activity , leisure , housing and the adjustments which will need to be made by both you and your family when you retire .
the basic subjects that the best courses address are : finance , health , activity , leisure , housing and the [changes] which will need to be made by both you and your family when you retire .

Harmonious family life requires regular maintenance , and adjustments of understanding as one phase of development gives way to another .
harmonious family life requires regular maintenance , and [changes] of understanding as one phase of development gives way to another .

Thus the learning context of any child must initially be the loving home where relationships can be tried out in all kinds of ways , mistakes made , lessons noted and adjustments effected .
thus the learning context of any child must initially be the loving home where relationships can be tried out in all kinds of ways , mistakes made , lessons noted and [changes] effected .

If a car is to remain on the road , basic checks and adjustments need to be made regularly .
if a car is to remain on the road , basic checks and [changes] need to be made regularly .

The frame is then checked for plumb , and adjusted with packing pieces if necessary . If any adjustments are made , check again for square
the frame is then checked for plumb , and adjusted with packing pieces if necessary . if any [changes] are made , check again for square

While it is true that a sensitive adult will respond intuitively to a child 's language and make numerous adjustments to his or her own language in a way that will reflect the child 's strengths and weaknesses , it may nevertheless be helpful to make these explicit in a written assessment so that intuitions can be further re fined on the basis of objective information .
while it is true that a sensitive adult will respond intuitively to a child 's language and make numerous [changes] to his or her own language in a way that will reflect the child 's strengths and weaknesses , it may nevertheless be helpful to make these explicit in a written assessment so that intuitions can be further re fined on the basis of objective information .

Various other adjustments that enable you to configure the program to suit your own particular needs can also be made in this section .
various other [changes] that enable you to configure the program to suit your own particular needs can also be made in this section .

3 ) You can now make various detailed adjustments to the garment , such as neck width and depth , welt , cuff and neckband depths and so on .
3 ) you can now make various detailed [changes] to the garment , such as neck width and depth , welt , cuff and neckband depths and so on .

In the multiracial , multicultural society which the United Kingdom has become , there are adjustments to be made on all sides .
in the multiracial , multicultural society which the united kingdom has become , there are [changes] to be made on all sides .

Negotiates a package of services and adjustments to daily life which is acceptable to all involved .
negotiates a package of services and [changes] to daily life which is acceptable to all involved .

Elderly couples continue to have a number of adjustments to make , getting used to different patterns of daily living , changing forms of sexual expression , failing health and senses , shifting roles .
elderly couples continue to have a number of [changes] to make , getting used to different patterns of daily living , changing forms of sexual expression , failing health and senses , shifting roles .

In many cases this care can continue with adjustments in the amount of support until the elderly person dies .
in many cases this care can continue with [changes] in the amount of support until the elderly person dies .

The end of parenting is usually the first shedding of an important social role , and if a successful redirection in life can be achieved at this point , many of the problems and difficulties of later adjustments to old age can be more successfully faced .
the end of parenting is usually the first shedding of an important social role , and if a successful redirection in life can be achieved at this point , many of the problems and difficulties of later [changes] to old age can be more successfully faced .

‘ Geoff has been giving me a lot of help , having a look at my action and making a few minor adjustments .
‘ geoff has been giving me a lot of help , having a look at my action and making a few minor [changes] .

Inflation adjustments can make a big difference .
inflation [changes] can make a big difference .

Obviously , when it comes to consolidating the divisions , adjustments will have to be made .
obviously , when it comes to consolidating the divisions , [changes] will have to be made .

’ But in accounting , at least , Mr Aimetti thinks that there has been considerable progress over the past 10 years : ‘ With some adjustments , we are all following the Americans .
’ but in accounting , at least , mr aimetti thinks that there has been considerable progress over the past 10 years : ‘ with some [changes] , we are all following the americans .

These figures exclude goodwill arising on acquisitions more than six years ago and any adjustments to goodwill in relation to part disposal in the year , since the relevant information is not available .
these figures exclude goodwill arising on acquisitions more than six years ago and any [changes] to goodwill in relation to part disposal in the year , since the relevant information is not available .

Those changes relate to fundamental errors and adjustments resulting from changes in accounting policies .
those changes relate to fundamental errors and [changes] resulting from changes in accounting policies .

make any desirable adjustments to the competitive strategies ;
make any desirable [changes] to the competitive strategies ;

These adjustments do not affect the prior year figures in the group p&l account or balance sheet .
these [changes] do not affect the prior year figures in the group p&l account or balance sheet .

In most situations this works perfectly well , but there are times when it is useful to be able to make your own adjustments .
in most situations this works perfectly well , but there are times when it is useful to be able to make your own [changes] .

Correct for backlight by pressing backlight button or by making manual adjustments to iris ( depending on model ) .
correct for backlight by pressing backlight button or by making manual [changes] to iris ( depending on model ) .

When you are pre-recording the music , remember to record it at a constant high level so that you can make all the downward level adjustments when the final transfer is made onto the video tape ; this minimises tape hiss .
when you are pre-recording the music , remember to record it at a constant high level so that you can make all the downward level [changes] when the final transfer is made onto the video tape ; this minimises tape hiss .

In a partnership any adjustment to original provisions and submitted computations would need to be communicated to each partner and his or her adviser , and adjustments made for each partner to payments on account .
in a partnership any adjustment to original provisions and submitted computations would need to be communicated to each partner and his or her adviser , and [changes] made for each partner to payments on account .

The not altogether clear provisions regarding audit , finality and certainty mean that adjustments could well take place long after a partner has left a firm .
the not altogether clear provisions regarding audit , finality and certainty mean that [changes] could well take place long after a partner has left a firm .

These three specific types of item that should be shown separately on the face of the p&l account after operating profit and before interest are : profits or losses on the sale or termination of an operation ; costs of a fundamental reorganisation or restructuring having a material effect on the nature and focus of the reporting entity 's operations ; and profits or losses on the disposal of fixed assets ( although not those profits or losses that are in effect no more than marginal adjustments to depreciation previously charged ) .
these three specific types of item that should be shown separately on the face of the p&l account after operating profit and before interest are : profits or losses on the sale or termination of an operation ; costs of a fundamental reorganisation or restructuring having a material effect on the nature and focus of the reporting entity 's operations ; and profits or losses on the disposal of fixed assets ( although not those profits or losses that are in effect no more than marginal [changes] to depreciation previously charged ) .

Teachers too are faced with methodological decisions as to where adjustments are to be made in the matching up of abstraction with actuality .
teachers too are faced with methodological decisions as to where [changes] are to be made in the matching up of abstraction with actuality .

They are not examined with a view to appraisal which might require adjustments to concepts of syllabus design to accommodate them .
they are not examined with a view to appraisal which might require [changes] to concepts of syllabus design to accommodate them .

As a result of the adjustments , Trafalgar says the 1991 comparative figures will show a £102.7m deficit on revaluation of properties as a charge to the p & l account .
as a result of the [changes] , trafalgar says the 1991 comparative figures will show a £102.7m deficit on revaluation of properties as a charge to the p & l account .

The new chairman , Dr David Swallow , says that it has not been possible to ascertain the impact of these adjustments on the interim results for the six months ended 30 June 1991 , and the directors consider it would not be practical to restate those results .
the new chairman , dr david swallow , says that it has not been possible to ascertain the impact of these [changes] on the interim results for the six months ended 30 june 1991 , and the directors consider it would not be practical to restate those results .

The changes made by prior year adjustments result in the p & l balance brought forward of £47.425m being reduced by provision for retirement gratuity liabilities £3.13m , interest on bank overdrafts and other loans £814,219 , exchange adjustments on foreign currency loans £791,499 and operating expenses £1.236m .
the changes made by prior year [changes] result in the p & l balance brought forward of £47.425m being reduced by provision for retirement gratuity liabilities £3.13m , interest on bank overdrafts and other loans £814,219 , exchange [changes] on foreign currency loans £791,499 and operating expenses £1.236m .

They are , however , not completely independent of each other ; for example , satisfactory fits can be obtained with time constants between 16 days and 20 days for the main recovery component , with small adjustments to the other values .
they are , however , not completely independent of each other ; for example , satisfactory fits can be obtained with time constants between 16 days and 20 days for the main recovery component , with small [changes] to the other values .

If Africans had plenty of examples of countries that had gone through painful structural adjustments and emerged transformed , it might be easier for governments to persuade citizens that the pain was worthwhile .
if africans had plenty of examples of countries that had gone through painful structural [changes] and emerged transformed , it might be easier for governments to persuade citizens that the pain was worthwhile .

Large adjustments downwards required the costly cancellation of contracts ( which the Boards understandably resisted ) , and sheer logistic and managerial problems also limited their capacity quickly to accelerate their planned programmes .
large [changes] downwards required the costly cancellation of contracts ( which the boards understandably resisted ) , and sheer logistic and managerial problems also limited their capacity quickly to accelerate their planned programmes .

Macroeconomic policy makers could , it seems , use general fiscal and monetary tools , more effectively than revisions of nationalised industry investment programmes , for short-term adjustments .
macroeconomic policy makers could , it seems , use general fiscal and monetary tools , more effectively than revisions of nationalised industry investment programmes , for short-term [changes] .

The Japanese economy is undergoing two profound adjustments .
the japanese economy is undergoing two profound [changes] .

As well as having to adapt to major changes in their status , environment , lifestyle and relationships , Elizabeth and Helen have to cope with the adjustments made by the people on whom they depend .
as well as having to adapt to major changes in their status , environment , lifestyle and relationships , elizabeth and helen have to cope with the [changes] made by the people on whom they depend .

‘ They 'll have to make adjustments , but theirs is such a rugby culture that they 'll spare nothing .
‘ they 'll have to make [changes] , but theirs is such a rugby culture that they 'll spare nothing .

Higueras warned Jim , ‘ Once a player is as close as you are to being number one in the world , the adjustments should be fractional in your game .
higueras warned jim , ‘ once a player is as close as you are to being number one in the world , the [changes] should be fractional in your game .

It may take time to move from number ten to number one in the world , plus you will require one to two years for tiny adjustments in your game .
it may take time to move from number ten to number one in the world , plus you will require one to two years for tiny [changes] in your game .

Even more revolutionary , though , were the social adjustments that needed to be made to accommodate the new masses .
even more revolutionary , though , were the social [changes] that needed to be made to accommodate the new masses .

The longest sequence of required activities is the time it will take if no adjustments are made .
the longest sequence of required activities is the time it will take if no [changes] are made .

Engage the wheels and make any adjustments with screw driver and spanner . Anti-jump clips are provided to keep the doors on track
engage the wheels and make any [changes] with screw driver and spanner . anti-jump clips are provided to keep the doors on track

The front , like the back , was made as two 6ft sections through a few adjustments were made in order to incorporate a door and windows .
the front , like the back , was made as two 6ft sections through a few [changes] were made in order to incorporate a door and windows .

When facing the prospects of marriage which brings personal adjustments and added responsibilities .
when facing the prospects of marriage which brings personal [changes] and added responsibilities .

It is essential that alternative accommodation should be very varied in type and support to give the greatest degree of independence to patients commensurate with their disabilities and to enable adjustments to be made in small steps .
it is essential that alternative accommodation should be very varied in type and support to give the greatest degree of independence to patients commensurate with their disabilities and to enable [changes] to be made in small steps .

The bonus surveyor would make adjustments for partially completed work and time spent working in different gangs .
the bonus surveyor would make [changes] for partially completed work and time spent working in different gangs .

The builder 's surveyor will therefore need to make the necessary adjustments for cost value reconciliation purposes .
the builder 's surveyor will therefore need to make the necessary [changes] for cost value reconciliation purposes .

Two of them were making adjustments with hand tools .
two of them were making [changes] with hand tools .

Making the necessary adjustments , for instance by adding the gender dimension in the target text ( English table : French la/une table ) is usually straightforward and automatic because the distinctions themselves are largely arbitrary .
making the necessary [changes] , for instance by adding the gender dimension in the target text ( english table : french la/une table ) is usually straightforward and automatic because the distinctions themselves are largely arbitrary .

This suggests that adjustments in translation will often affect both the content and the line of argumentation .
this suggests that [changes] in translation will often affect both the content and the line of argumentation .

In an extreme form this analysis would suggest that the senior civil servants constitute an effective and permanent ruling class forced to make adjustments to their policies from time to time because of the intervention of ministers .
in an extreme form this analysis would suggest that the senior civil servants constitute an effective and permanent ruling class forced to make [changes] to their policies from time to time because of the intervention of ministers .

Also the movement of people involved in wartime adjustments , the identification of the Conservatives with appeasement and the ‘ fair shares ’ aspect of rationing all helped to undermine laissez-faire doctrines .
also the movement of people involved in wartime [changes] , the identification of the conservatives with appeasement and the ‘ fair shares ’ aspect of rationing all helped to undermine laissez-faire doctrines .

Ernest looked through the lens and made some last-minute adjustments , then beckoned Rosie , who was standing to one side , watching .
ernest looked through the lens and made some last-minute [changes] , then beckoned rosie , who was standing to one side , watching .

To put it more crudely , those students who are male , white , middle-class and Christian , will very rarely have their views challenged or have to make sympathetic adjustments as a consequence .
to put it more crudely , those students who are male , white , middle-class and christian , will very rarely have their views challenged or have to make sympathetic [changes] as a consequence .

The modular system helps to make adjustments to unplanned contraction easier and makes staff work-loads more even .
the modular system helps to make [changes] to unplanned contraction easier and makes staff work-loads more even .

One answer is that in the late 1980s we have been witnessing structural changes , whereas in more normal times we see only adjustments and changes within a set structure .
one answer is that in the late 1980s we have been witnessing structural changes , whereas in more normal times we see only [changes] and changes within a set structure .

Each participant is constantly on the lookout for small adjustments that will speed and smooth the evolution of the whole .
each participant is constantly on the lookout for small [changes] that will speed and smooth the evolution of the whole .

Such movement was especially great in the 1960s and 1970s because this was a time of rapid change in industrial technology , calling for new investments , and capitalists preferred to make ‘ drastic adjustments , such as massively replacing living labor by machines and/or disciplining their labor forces ’ ( p. 129 ) in areas of low-intensity class struggle .
such movement was especially great in the 1960s and 1970s because this was a time of rapid change in industrial technology , calling for new investments , and capitalists preferred to make ‘ drastic [changes] , such as massively replacing living labor by machines and/or disciplining their labor forces ’ ( p. 129 ) in areas of low-intensity class struggle .

Frenetic confusion reigned , as new rattan was hurriedly woven into cradles for her steering oars , rips in her old sails were frantically patched and last-minute adjustments made to her standing rigging .
frenetic confusion reigned , as new rattan was hurriedly woven into cradles for her steering oars , rips in her old sails were frantically patched and last-minute [changes] made to her standing rigging .

Show the nature and amount of any significant accounting adjustments by the combining companies to achieve consistency of accounting policies .
show the nature and amount of any significant accounting [changes] by the combining companies to achieve consistency of accounting policies .

In respect of depreciation disclose : accumulated depreciation at beginning of year and at balance sheet date charge for year and provision for diminution in value adjustments for disposals other adjustments .
in respect of depreciation disclose : accumulated depreciation at beginning of year and at balance sheet date charge for year and provision for diminution in value [changes] for disposals other [changes] .

adjustments for disposals
[changes] for disposals

other adjustments .
other [changes] .

adjustments for disposals
[changes] for disposals

other adjustments .
other [changes] .

Include a statement of the amount of any goodwill arising on the acquisition , together with an explanation of any significant adjustments made
include a statement of the amount of any goodwill arising on the acquisition , together with an explanation of any significant [changes] made

where the merger method of accounting has been adopted , explain any significant adjustments made to the amounts of assets and liabilities of the undertaking acquired , together with a statement of any resulting adjustment to the consolidated reserves ( including the restatement of opening consolidated reserves ) .
where the merger method of accounting has been adopted , explain any significant [changes] made to the amounts of assets and liabilities of the undertaking acquired , together with a statement of any resulting adjustment to the consolidated reserves ( including the restatement of opening consolidated reserves ) .

In calculating the goodwill arising on acquisition , the fair value of net assets of Model Layout have been assessed and adjustments from book value have been made where necessary .
in calculating the goodwill arising on acquisition , the fair value of net assets of model layout have been assessed and [changes] from book value have been made where necessary .

Adjustments are summarised in the following table : The revaluation of fixed assets relates to increases in value of freehold properties since their last revaluation in 1983 .
[changes] are summarised in the following table : the revaluation of fixed assets relates to increases in value of freehold properties since their last revaluation in 1983 .

The statement should show the profit or loss for the period , together with the adjustments required for items which did not involve the movement of funds . The following other sources and applications of funds should , where material , be shown :
the statement should show the profit or loss for the period , together with the [changes] required for items which did not involve the movement of funds . the following other sources and applications of funds should , where material , be shown :

charge for the year and provisions for diminution in value adjustments for disposals
charge for the year and provisions for diminution in value [changes] for disposals

other adjustments .
other [changes] .

We have noticed that , by making adjustments to their diet , not only did they overcome their symptoms , but those who were overweight very often lost weight without even trying .
we have noticed that , by making [changes] to their diet , not only did they overcome their symptoms , but those who were overweight very often lost weight without even trying .

This supplement is designed as a temporary nutritional prop while you are making dietary adjustments .
this supplement is designed as a temporary nutritional prop while you are making dietary [changes] .

It is also important to carry out regular water changes — do n't forget to make adjustments with additional salt .
it is also important to carry out regular water changes — do n't forget to make [changes] with additional salt .

The retained air also regulates the snail 's buoyancy ; adjustments to the chamber volume let the snail rise or sink .
the retained air also regulates the snail 's buoyancy ; [changes] to the chamber volume let the snail rise or sink .

There have been some adjustments to the extent of these powers ; in particular , the Local Government Planning and Land Act 1980 relaxed the controls and shifted more responsibility from the counties to the district ( Catchpole 1982 ) .
there have been some [changes] to the extent of these powers ; in particular , the local government planning and land act 1980 relaxed the controls and shifted more responsibility from the counties to the district ( catchpole 1982 ) .

If you sat down and made another fair copy of the manuscript , you would infallibly find yourself making new adjustments and emendations to it .
if you sat down and made another fair copy of the manuscript , you would infallibly find yourself making new [changes] and emendations to it .

In 1700 minor frontier adjustments created two Turkish corridors to the sea which separated the Ragusan republic from Venetian territory .
in 1700 minor frontier [changes] created two turkish corridors to the sea which separated the ragusan republic from venetian territory .

After another series of beeps , he put it in his pocket beside the explosives , and made some adjustments to the blaster 's power setting .
after another series of beeps , he put it in his pocket beside the explosives , and made some [changes] to the blaster 's power setting .

Most policy is incremental in character , involving marginal adjustments to what has gone before , and is motivated to correct what are seen as undesirable consequences of previous policies .
most policy is incremental in character , involving marginal [changes] to what has gone before , and is motivated to correct what are seen as undesirable consequences of previous policies .

On first returning to power in 1979 the Conservatives set out to make piecemeal adjustments to the social security system .
on first returning to power in 1979 the conservatives set out to make piecemeal [changes] to the social security system .

Initially it found the removal of pay controls and its own taxation adjustments produced severely inflationary effects .
initially it found the removal of pay controls and its own taxation [changes] produced severely inflationary effects .

Moreover , growing old often involves very considerable adjustments for the individual , who has to accept increasing physical dependency and consequent loss of autonomy and status .
moreover , growing old often involves very considerable [changes] for the individual , who has to accept increasing physical dependency and consequent loss of autonomy and status .

They deserve a more sensitive environment that does not so harshly relegate them en masse to the category of ‘ old people ’ and does not emphasize , in attitudes and actions , their increasing dependency ; many need help , too , in coming to terms with the process of ageing and the major adjustments it entails — to retirement , to relinquishing their home , etc .
they deserve a more sensitive environment that does not so harshly relegate them en masse to the category of ‘ old people ’ and does not emphasize , in attitudes and actions , their increasing dependency ; many need help , too , in coming to terms with the process of ageing and the major [changes] it entails — to retirement , to relinquishing their home , etc .

So , underlying this chapter is a theory of ageing based not on the analysis of biologically determined differences in senescence or individual adjustments to the ageing process but , instead , on the social creation of dependent status and on the structural relationships between older people and younger adults and between different groups of older people , especially men and women .
so , underlying this chapter is a theory of ageing based not on the analysis of biologically determined differences in senescence or individual [changes] to the ageing process but , instead , on the social creation of dependent status and on the structural relationships between older people and younger adults and between different groups of older people , especially men and women .

Features like sliding-scales , graphics and previews make complicated colour adjustments easy to experiment with .
features like sliding-scales , graphics and previews make complicated colour [changes] easy to experiment with .

Good quality clinical information systems are expensive , will often need adjustments for individual units , and , to make them usable , require computer terminals at every site where information might be recorded .
good quality clinical information systems are expensive , will often need [changes] for individual units , and , to make them usable , require computer terminals at every site where information might be recorded .

Gray pointed out the need to make adjustments for exchange rates by using appropriate purchasing power parities for medical goods and services ( Health Economists Study Group , Aberdeen , 1991 ) .
gray pointed out the need to make [changes] for exchange rates by using appropriate purchasing power parities for medical goods and services ( health economists study group , aberdeen , 1991 ) .

Adjustments were made for the continuous variables triceps skinfold ( measured as recommended by Tanner and Whitehouse , expressed as standard deviation scores calculated by the method of Cole ) and reported maternal height .
[changes] were made for the continuous variables triceps skinfold ( measured as recommended by tanner and whitehouse , expressed as standard deviation scores calculated by the method of cole ) and reported maternal height .

We have shown that in over 110000 deliveries there are only small , non-significant differences in perinatal mortality rates between hospitals when the place of booking is considered and that these are further reduced when adjustments are made to allow for the risk factors known at booking .
we have shown that in over 110000 deliveries there are only small , non-significant differences in perinatal mortality rates between hospitals when the place of booking is considered and that these are further reduced when [changes] are made to allow for the risk factors known at booking .

This shows how important such adjustments can be for units that provide neonatal intensive care .
this shows how important such [changes] can be for units that provide neonatal intensive care .

Once the use of a partial empirical model is accepted then it will be open to constant revisions and adjustments as new data become available .
once the use of a partial empirical model is accepted then it will be open to constant revisions and [changes] as new data become available .

This is the simplest component of legal aid , but alterations and adjustments to it make it best to think of it as encompassing a number of different types of help .
this is the simplest component of legal aid , but alterations and [changes] to it make it best to think of it as encompassing a number of different types of help .

For brands like this , originality may lie in very small adjustments to an established formula .
for brands like this , originality may lie in very small [changes] to an established formula .

However , simple adjustments to numbers can produce worthwhile learning behaviour .
however , simple [changes] to numbers can produce worthwhile learning behaviour .

Braque , on the other hand , has used Cézanne 's technique of opening up the contours of objects , so that in his paintings the eye slips inwards and upwards from plane to plane without having to make a series of abrupt transitions or adjustments .
braque , on the other hand , has used cézanne 's technique of opening up the contours of objects , so that in his paintings the eye slips inwards and upwards from plane to plane without having to make a series of abrupt transitions or [changes] .

This is combined in Cézanne with an extremely elaborate build-up of form in terms of small flat planes based on empirical observations , which , following countless adjustments , fuse into the whole and become inseparable from each other .
this is combined in cézanne with an extremely elaborate build-up of form in terms of small flat planes based on empirical observations , which , following countless [changes] , fuse into the whole and become inseparable from each other .

The justification for them is well established : many local government services are required by national legislation , local variations in needs and resources can be equalized by grant adjustments , the impact of the regressive rating system can be reduced , and so on .
the justification for them is well established : many local government services are required by national legislation , local variations in needs and resources can be equalized by grant [changes] , the impact of the regressive rating system can be reduced , and so on .

Similar strategies are adopted by the non-indigenous people who leave temperate environments to live temporarily in polar regions ; they make small physiological adjustments , but rely for safety on good clothing , housing and food , and constant alertness to risk .
similar strategies are adopted by the non-indigenous people who leave temperate environments to live temporarily in polar regions ; they make small physiological [changes] , but rely for safety on good clothing , housing and food , and constant alertness to risk .

It may well have been a more sensible policy , therefore , to make the Phase 1/3 disparity less extreme , and to use the resources to ensure that all schools were staffed on the 1986 Select Committee recommended basis of n registration groups plus one , with further pro rata adjustments for school size and specific challenges like those of the inner city .
it may well have been a more sensible policy , therefore , to make the phase 1/3 disparity less extreme , and to use the resources to ensure that all schools were staffed on the 1986 select committee recommended basis of n registration groups plus one , with further pro rata [changes] for school size and specific challenges like those of the inner city .

If we know the extent to which changes in local spending affect savings and if government has some indication of the level of overall local spending during the coming year , it could make the appropriate adjustments to overall policy .
if we know the extent to which changes in local spending affect savings and if government has some indication of the level of overall local spending during the coming year , it could make the appropriate [changes] to overall policy .

In the short term local councils responded by making a series of adjustments , some short term , some longer term , as follows :
in the short term local councils responded by making a series of [changes] , some short term , some longer term , as follows :

Workers are not able to choose to trade small adjustments in hours worked against take-home pay .
workers are not able to choose to trade small [changes] in hours worked against take-home pay .

Checking on progress and making appropriate adjustments .
checking on progress and making appropriate [changes] .

Edward 's interference in fact made adjustments that favoured his own view of the direction nature ought to take ; nature itself generated a free for all .
edward 's interference in fact made [changes] that favoured his own view of the direction nature ought to take ; nature itself generated a free for all .

This forecast rate of increase simply did not materialize , and once again British cities got by with incremental adjustments , while an accelerated process of decentralization helped to transfer traffic flows from the centre to a series of nodes within the city region .
this forecast rate of increase simply did not materialize , and once again british cities got by with incremental [changes] , while an accelerated process of decentralization helped to transfer traffic flows from the centre to a series of nodes within the city region .

The actual monitor controls are never altered , the adjustments are made with the standard colour wheel control of the Macintosh , but the end result should be a pretty close approximation .
the actual monitor controls are never altered , the [changes] are made with the standard colour wheel control of the macintosh , but the end result should be a pretty close approximation .

Whilst these are small adjustments , Aldus have changed their tack on two other fronts as well .
whilst these are small [changes] , aldus have changed their tack on two other fronts as well .

The rest of the day followed predictably — Len 's breakfast , seeing him off to work , cleaning the small , semi-detached house they were steadily paying for , looking after the baby , making Len 's evening meal , sitting by the fire in the evening watching the telly , before they went to bed … The basic pattern was always the same , but Bridget liked to make minute adjustments each time she reviewed it .
the rest of the day followed predictably — len 's breakfast , seeing him off to work , cleaning the small , semi-detached house they were steadily paying for , looking after the baby , making len 's evening meal , sitting by the fire in the evening watching the telly , before they went to bed … the basic pattern was always the same , but bridget liked to make minute [changes] each time she reviewed it .

When the Bill was introduced into Parliament in December 1985 , it made some important but relatively minor adjustments in the pre-existing law relating to racial hatred offences .
when the bill was introduced into parliament in december 1985 , it made some important but relatively minor [changes] in the pre-existing law relating to racial hatred offences .

There are no balance sheets because there are no assets or liabilities in the books : sales are only recognized when cash is received ( so there are no debtors ) ; purchases are only recognized when cash is paid ( so there are no creditors ) ; there are no stock adjustments because the accounts are not concerned with recording usage , only with the fact that cash has been paid for purchases ( so there is no closing stock figure ) ; there are no fixed assets , for the same reason .
there are no balance sheets because there are no assets or liabilities in the books : sales are only recognized when cash is received ( so there are no debtors ) ; purchases are only recognized when cash is paid ( so there are no creditors ) ; there are no stock [changes] because the accounts are not concerned with recording usage , only with the fact that cash has been paid for purchases ( so there is no closing stock figure ) ; there are no fixed assets , for the same reason .

Cash accounting does not include these adjustments and does not therefore involve their subjectivity .
cash accounting does not include these [changes] and does not therefore involve their subjectivity .

Thirdly , in comparison with cash flow accounting , accruals adjustments demand a higher administrative and accounting cost .
thirdly , in comparison with cash flow accounting , accruals [changes] demand a higher administrative and accounting cost .

Either keeping personal creditors accounts or making sundry creditors adjustments can consume inordinate amounts of administrative and accounting time .
either keeping personal creditors accounts or making sundry creditors [changes] can consume inordinate amounts of administrative and accounting time .

What types of adjustments has man made to those fluctuations ?
what types of [changes] has man made to those fluctuations ?

What is the total range of possible adjustments which man theoretically could make to those fluctuations ?
what is the total range of possible [changes] which man theoretically could make to those fluctuations ?

What accounts for the difference in adoption of adjustments from place to place and time to time ?
what accounts for the difference in adoption of [changes] from place to place and time to time ?

What would be the effect of changing the public policy insofar as it constitutes a social guide to the conditions in which individuals or groups chose from the possible adjustments ?
what would be the effect of changing the public policy insofar as it constitutes a social guide to the conditions in which individuals or groups chose from the possible [changes] ?

The forces propelling the world toward more and greater disasters will continue to outweigh by a wide margin the forces promoting a wise choice of adjustments to hazard .
the forces propelling the world toward more and greater disasters will continue to outweigh by a wide margin the forces promoting a wise choice of [changes] to hazard .

In turn however adjustments of attitude and method were demanded of the traditional concerns , some of which had developed simultaneously with , and sometimes interactively with , systems ideas .
in turn however [changes] of attitude and method were demanded of the traditional concerns , some of which had developed simultaneously with , and sometimes interactively with , systems ideas .

Workloads of applications and counselling are reviewed in the current year and adjustments made to the ranking for the following year , by moving tutors up or down , or by moving responsibilities for individual fields .
workloads of applications and counselling are reviewed in the current year and [changes] made to the ranking for the following year , by moving tutors up or down , or by moving responsibilities for individual fields .

Some care plans ( Dudley and Bedfordshire , for example ) appear to have assimilated the approach because they state that it is already in operation , as directed by the circular , and only requires minor adjustments , if any :
some care plans ( dudley and bedfordshire , for example ) appear to have assimilated the approach because they state that it is already in operation , as directed by the circular , and only requires minor [changes] , if any :

This is particularly true of monetary compensatory amounts , which typify the kind of legislation adopted at the end of marathon meetings of agriculture ministers and subsequently amended again and again to respond to political adjustments or monetary fluctuations .
this is particularly true of monetary compensatory amounts , which typify the kind of legislation adopted at the end of marathon meetings of agriculture ministers and subsequently amended again and again to respond to political [changes] or monetary fluctuations .

Lucien could see the adjustments .
lucien could see the [changes] .

In its Report on Sexual Offences , the Criminal Law Revision Committee concluded that , whilst certain adjustments to it might be desirable , the law of rape as presently constructed was basically sound .
in its report on sexual offences , the criminal law revision committee concluded that , whilst certain [changes] to it might be desirable , the law of rape as presently constructed was basically sound .

Transportation also monitors the Department 's Capital expenditure and recommend adjustments in priority to Committee .
transportation also monitors the department 's capital expenditure and recommend [changes] in priority to committee .

New pockets are required for the snooker tables and to accommodate the smaller 10p coin adjustments will be necessary to the pool table .
new pockets are required for the snooker tables and to accommodate the smaller 10p coin [changes] will be necessary to the pool table .

The Company is empowered under its articles of Association to borrow up to twice the aggregate amount of the share capital and reserves of the Company and its subsidiaries as indicated by the latest audited accounts , subject to certain adjustments .
the company is empowered under its articles of association to borrow up to twice the aggregate amount of the share capital and reserves of the company and its subsidiaries as indicated by the latest audited accounts , subject to certain [changes] .

Another example in which modelling surpasses the limitations of physical testing is the space industry , which relies heavily on electromagnetic modelling of antennas because of the impracticality of making adjustments once equipment is operational .
another example in which modelling surpasses the limitations of physical testing is the space industry , which relies heavily on electromagnetic modelling of antennas because of the impracticality of making [changes] once equipment is operational .

We are pleased to see a programme of monitoring and review built into the scheme and hope that it will be possible to measure its success at the end of its first three years and make adjustments as necessary .
we are pleased to see a programme of monitoring and review built into the scheme and hope that it will be possible to measure its success at the end of its first three years and make [changes] as necessary .

The texture of the novel is in part created by the juxtaposition of dead metaphors and new ones created by slight adjustments to the normal patterns of the language : `` … the sun looked down into the top of the dead tree and breathed warmly on the two people `` ( p. 142 ) .
the texture of the novel is in part created by the juxtaposition of dead metaphors and new ones created by slight [changes] to the normal patterns of the language : `` … the sun looked down into the top of the dead tree and breathed warmly on the two people `` ( p. 142 ) .

Certain value added tax cases would tend to indicate that the amount of benefit obtained by a taxpayer if the trustees allow him the use of a Ming Vase would equate to the sort of rent which they could have received if they had let the vase with appropriate adjustments being made for insurance , agreeing to house the vase , etc .
certain value added tax cases would tend to indicate that the amount of benefit obtained by a taxpayer if the trustees allow him the use of a ming vase would equate to the sort of rent which they could have received if they had let the vase with appropriate [changes] being made for insurance , agreeing to house the vase , etc .

This chapter deals principally with the situation where the husband and the wife hold the matrimonial home in their joint names ( whether as beneficial joint tenants or as tenants in common ) and , as a result of property adjustments , the husband 's interest in the home is conveyed or transferred to the wife 's new husband or friend .
this chapter deals principally with the situation where the husband and the wife hold the matrimonial home in their joint names ( whether as beneficial joint tenants or as tenants in common ) and , as a result of property [changes] , the husband 's interest in the home is conveyed or transferred to the wife 's new husband or friend .

There are many adjustments that can be made to the interests of the husband and wife in the matrimonial home .
there are many [changes] that can be made to the interests of the husband and wife in the matrimonial home .

In some cases quite small adjustments in the two values during the process of such negotiation will have a very large effect on the amount of development charge finally assessed .
in some cases quite small [changes] in the two values during the process of such negotiation will have a very large effect on the amount of development charge finally assessed .

However , it would almost always be undesirable behaviour in any practical system ; presumably people reacted to it by saying ‘ something has gone wrong ’ and making adjustments to get rid of it .
however , it would almost always be undesirable behaviour in any practical system ; presumably people reacted to it by saying ‘ something has gone wrong ’ and making [changes] to get rid of it .

This is achieved by adjustments in the average rate of interest .
this is achieved by [changes] in the average rate of interest .

Furthermore , it will mean that the authorities will have to make frequent and sizeable adjustments to interest rates .
furthermore , it will mean that the authorities will have to make frequent and sizeable [changes] to interest rates .

It is important to use the exact quantities of given ingredients when following cake recipes , but you should also remember that stated oven temperatures and cooking times may vary slightly according to your own oven 's temperament — make any minor adjustments as necessary .
it is important to use the exact quantities of given ingredients when following cake recipes , but you should also remember that stated oven temperatures and cooking times may vary slightly according to your own oven 's temperament — make any minor [changes] as necessary .

Until quite recently it was considered that it was the crust that attained equilibrium with respect to the mantle , but it is now known that isostatic adjustments also involve the rigid mantle forming the lower part of the lithosphere .
until quite recently it was considered that it was the crust that attained equilibrium with respect to the mantle , but it is now known that isostatic [changes] also involve the rigid mantle forming the lower part of the lithosphere .

Complexity is added to this simple relationship because the predominant direction of stress along oblique-slip margins may change through time as a consequence of adjustments to the overall direction of plate movement .
complexity is added to this simple relationship because the predominant direction of stress along oblique-slip margins may change through time as a consequence of [changes] to the overall direction of plate movement .

If isostatic compensation is local , that is if vertical adjustments of the lithosphere in response to the removal of a load are confined just to the area covered by the original load , then isostatic uplift simply reduces the rate at which a land-surface is lowered by denudation ( Fig .
if isostatic compensation is local , that is if vertical [changes] of the lithosphere in response to the removal of a load are confined just to the area covered by the original load , then isostatic uplift simply reduces the rate at which a land-surface is lowered by denudation ( fig .

Such unemployment as exists at any time is due wholly to the frictional resistances [ which ] prevent wage and price adjustments being made instantaneously .
such unemployment as exists at any time is due wholly to the frictional resistances [ which ] prevent wage and price [changes] being made instantaneously .

Since the new classical macroeconomics is grounded in old classical macroeconomics in its emphasis on the role of real wage adjustments in accounting for variations in employment , presumably they have also taken on board that essential element of the classical theory of employment , the marginal productivity theory of the demand for labour ( see Chapter 2 ) .
since the new classical macroeconomics is grounded in old classical macroeconomics in its emphasis on the role of real wage [changes] in accounting for variations in employment , presumably they have also taken on board that essential element of the classical theory of employment , the marginal productivity theory of the demand for labour ( see chapter 2 ) .

The new partner 's capital share will be assessed accordingly and any required adjustments made to the shares of the other partners .
the new partner 's capital share will be assessed accordingly and any required [changes] made to the shares of the other partners .

Moreover , that agreement should be kept under constant scrutiny during the initial period after the merger and amended as necessary to take account of the adjustments which will almost certainly be required as a result of the new firm 's experiences .
moreover , that agreement should be kept under constant scrutiny during the initial period after the merger and amended as necessary to take account of the [changes] which will almost certainly be required as a result of the new firm 's experiences .

The basic period of notice should always be sufficient to allow for the firm to absorb the financial shock of a partner 's going and to make any necessary adjustments to the day to day business of the practice ( allocation of work , finding or training a successor , and so on ) .
the basic period of notice should always be sufficient to allow for the firm to absorb the financial shock of a partner 's going and to make any necessary [changes] to the day to day business of the practice ( allocation of work , finding or training a successor , and so on ) .

To avoid potential disputes the parties should set out in a letter , preferably attached to the sale agreement , any specific adjustments that will need to be made for the purpose of the completion statement .
to avoid potential disputes the parties should set out in a letter , preferably attached to the sale agreement , any specific [changes] that will need to be made for the purpose of the completion statement .

There is no mention of sanctions against companies , or fines if they do not fulfil the objectives , or of incentives … for them to make adjustments `` he said .
there is no mention of sanctions against companies , or fines if they do not fulfil the objectives , or of incentives … for them to make [changes] `` he said .

The move from saltwater to fresh in itself requires major adjustments to the chemistry of the body , but the salmon manages to make them .
the move from saltwater to fresh in itself requires major [changes] to the chemistry of the body , but the salmon manages to make them .

No matter how intense things get — have faith ; all you need are minor adjustments , not major changes .
no matter how intense things get — have faith ; all you need are minor [changes] , not major changes .

Darlington argues persuasively that Marx believed the process of evolution to be by direct Lamarkian and not by indirect Darwinian , or selective means : that is to say , that the environment in which individuals found themselves operated directly upon them to adjust them to it and that the adjustments were transmitted by them to the next generation ; and not that , fortuitous mutations having occurred in the genetic package , they would when favourable equip the mutant for greater success in the given environment than the unmutated form could achieve .
darlington argues persuasively that marx believed the process of evolution to be by direct lamarkian and not by indirect darwinian , or selective means : that is to say , that the environment in which individuals found themselves operated directly upon them to adjust them to it and that the [changes] were transmitted by them to the next generation ; and not that , fortuitous mutations having occurred in the genetic package , they would when favourable equip the mutant for greater success in the given environment than the unmutated form could achieve .

If a natural finish is preferred , this may cause problems if further adjustments or cleaning up are needed at the assembly stage .
if a natural finish is preferred , this may cause problems if further [changes] or cleaning up are needed at the assembly stage .

Her mother came to inspect her , and after a few minor adjustments declared that she was satisfied with her appearance .
her mother came to inspect her , and after a few minor [changes] declared that she was satisfied with her appearance .

In the modern post-war period various adjustments within the national system of education have resulted in a succession of controversies regarding the role of English in a democratic society .
in the modern post-war period various [changes] within the national system of education have resulted in a succession of controversies regarding the role of english in a democratic society .

At the newer universities and polytechnics the process of institutional growth had led to a variety of adjustments both in the modes of teaching ( most notably through the introduction of the seminar ) and curriculum ( with a more modern and selective emphasis , and the use of the period study ) .
at the newer universities and polytechnics the process of institutional growth had led to a variety of [changes] both in the modes of teaching ( most notably through the introduction of the seminar ) and curriculum ( with a more modern and selective emphasis , and the use of the period study ) .

The magisterial pronouncement of Sir George Macdonald on the Antonine Wall has now been overthrown by the brilliant study of the samian by Brian Hartley ( 1972 ) , and the work at Carpow and other Severan sites will help to stabilize the dating of the pottery of this period , so with more revisions and adjustments , we may eventually have a framework which will endure , but only possible since all the groundwork had been so carefully prepared .
the magisterial pronouncement of sir george macdonald on the antonine wall has now been overthrown by the brilliant study of the samian by brian hartley ( 1972 ) , and the work at carpow and other severan sites will help to stabilize the dating of the pottery of this period , so with more revisions and [changes] , we may eventually have a framework which will endure , but only possible since all the groundwork had been so carefully prepared .

Students who drop out or who fail their college courses are often those who failed to come to terms quickly with their new environment and to make the necessary personal adjustments to fit into that environment .
students who drop out or who fail their college courses are often those who failed to come to terms quickly with their new environment and to make the necessary personal [changes] to fit into that environment .

There was little doubt that Britain could continue to be successful , but certain adjustments were thought necessary to bring this about .
there was little doubt that britain could continue to be successful , but certain [changes] were thought necessary to bring this about .

No matter how skilled the executives , these shifts in the production structure would not have been possible without complementary adjustments in the way firms can organise their financial affairs .
no matter how skilled the executives , these shifts in the production structure would not have been possible without complementary [changes] in the way firms can organise their financial affairs .

Where these domestic effects are strong , the country has prevented any far-reaching adjustments of the domestic economy at the micro-economic level .
where these domestic effects are strong , the country has prevented any far-reaching [changes] of the domestic economy at the micro-economic level .

The prime concern for the adjustments was the preservation of the banks and the international financial system .
the prime concern for the [changes] was the preservation of the banks and the international financial system .

Such adjustments , however , can only be made if firms invest in their internal capabilities .
such [changes] , however , can only be made if firms invest in their internal capabilities .

At different points of time , one set of ideas may be abandoned and another adopted , and the history of any society consists of a series of such adjustments , some more radical than others .
at different points of time , one set of ideas may be abandoned and another adopted , and the history of any society consists of a series of such [changes] , some more radical than others .

Automatic adjustments .
automatic [changes] .

Reagan 's capacity to learn from past mistakes and to make the adjustments necessary to achieve at least part of his declared purpose can be seen in his second term and in the passage of welfare reform legislation .
reagan 's capacity to learn from past mistakes and to make the [changes] necessary to achieve at least part of his declared purpose can be seen in his second term and in the passage of welfare reform legislation .

If the policy makers are willing to learn from some of the mistakes made in industry , where hasty changes were made which led to a dramatic brain drain subsequently , the unpalatable adjustments that will need to be made in London should create less harm than will otherwise be the case .
if the policy makers are willing to learn from some of the mistakes made in industry , where hasty changes were made which led to a dramatic brain drain subsequently , the unpalatable [changes] that will need to be made in london should create less harm than will otherwise be the case .

In the first place , the lack of significant correlations with regard to this group of features may result from the limited variance observed in most studies : apparently all adults make such adjustments when speaking to young children .
in the first place , the lack of significant correlations with regard to this group of features may result from the limited variance observed in most studies : apparently all adults make such [changes] when speaking to young children .

Accommodation should therefore be available both to assist them in the personal adjustments they will have to make and to ensure that at the outset they are suitably accommodated .
accommodation should therefore be available both to assist them in the personal [changes] they will have to make and to ensure that at the outset they are suitably accommodated .

This information should be widely publicised to raise awareness among nurse managers and others of the current position and as preparation fur the inevitable adjustments which will follow in subsequent operational plans .
this information should be widely publicised to raise awareness among nurse managers and others of the current position and as preparation fur the inevitable [changes] which will follow in subsequent operational plans .

The best insurance against this happening is for time-off to be planned well in advance so that staff and the ward manager can make the adjustments necessary to ensure that patient needs are met .
the best insurance against this happening is for time-off to be planned well in advance so that staff and the ward manager can make the [changes] necessary to ensure that patient needs are met .

These would have extended the county boroughs of Cardiff and Newport ; made minor adjustments to the boundaries of Swansea ; demoted Merthyr Tydfil to a non-county borough ; and reduced the number of counties to seven .
these would have extended the county boroughs of cardiff and newport ; made minor [changes] to the boundaries of swansea ; demoted merthyr tydfil to a non-county borough ; and reduced the number of counties to seven .

In place of these grand documents are ‘ rolling programmes ’ that are revised each year , and the even more prosaic procedures of periodic adjustments in response to perceived needs and anomalies when resources become available — the classic ‘ incremental ’ approach of local government .
in place of these grand documents are ‘ rolling programmes ’ that are revised each year , and the even more prosaic procedures of periodic [changes] in response to perceived needs and anomalies when resources become available — the classic ‘ incremental ’ approach of local government .

Various adjustments are made to allow for special circumstances affecting local costs of providing particular services .
various [changes] are made to allow for special circumstances affecting local costs of providing particular services .

As wide a number of technical people as possible will be invited to state their views , so that by early August further adjustments can be made to eliminate those disadvantages that remain and to build in other desirable features that may be considered worthwhile .
as wide a number of technical people as possible will be invited to state their views , so that by early august further [changes] can be made to eliminate those disadvantages that remain and to build in other desirable features that may be considered worthwhile .

Place the pool in position , check the edges are level and make any necessary adjustments to the hole , which should be a little wider than the shape
place the pool in position , check the edges are level and make any necessary [changes] to the hole , which should be a little wider than the shape

Any statement can be held true come what may , if we make drastic enough adjustments elsewhere in the system .
any statement can be held true come what may , if we make drastic enough [changes] elsewhere in the system .

Mickey Spielberg , Disney 's chief imagineer , told me that some adjustments have been made for the European park , especially in the type of catering provided .
mickey spielberg , disney 's chief imagineer , told me that some [changes] have been made for the european park , especially in the type of catering provided .

Adjustments to incorporate various factors which may have affected this annual prevalence figure ( over 200 cases lacking an identity code , low response rates from GPs and social workers ) suggest a possible range of 1,550 to 1,850 individual problem drug users in Wirral during 1984–5 .
[changes] to incorporate various factors which may have affected this annual prevalence figure ( over 200 cases lacking an identity code , low response rates from gps and social workers ) suggest a possible range of 1,550 to 1,850 individual problem drug users in wirral during 1984–5 .

As a basis for adjustments to treatment results of self monitoring have now been superseded by the glycated haemoglobin concentration or results of fructosamine assays .
as a basis for [changes] to treatment results of self monitoring have now been superseded by the glycated haemoglobin concentration or results of fructosamine assays .

No adjustments can be made at the laying stage .
no [changes] can be made at the laying stage .

In the previous chapter we identified the major variables which influence the current account of the balance of payments and examined how automatic and discretionary adjustments operate to rectify payments imbalances .
in the previous chapter we identified the major variables which influence the current account of the balance of payments and examined how automatic and discretionary [changes] operate to rectify payments imbalances .

This was an attempt to retain some of the advantages of the gold standard , since stable rates of exchange were thought to be beneficial to the conduct of trade and other international transactions , and yet adjustments in the exchange rate were deemed desirable for a country facing a permanent payments imbalance .
this was an attempt to retain some of the advantages of the gold standard , since stable rates of exchange were thought to be beneficial to the conduct of trade and other international transactions , and yet [changes] in the exchange rate were deemed desirable for a country facing a permanent payments imbalance .

But despite intervention and interest rate adjustments , it has been necessary for realignments of exchange rates to take place on a frequent basis .
but despite intervention and interest rate [changes] , it has been necessary for realignments of exchange rates to take place on a frequent basis .

There was the recognition that elimination of trade deficits can be accomplished by policy measures in both deficit and surplus economies , i.e. demand moderation in the deficit countries and demand stimulation in the surplus countries as well as regulated exchange rate adjustments .
there was the recognition that elimination of trade deficits can be accomplished by policy measures in both deficit and surplus economies , i.e. demand moderation in the deficit countries and demand stimulation in the surplus countries as well as regulated exchange rate [changes] .

First , when governments want to make relatively large adjustments in their budgetary positions they may rely more upon changes in taxation than changes in public expenditures .
first , when governments want to make relatively large [changes] in their budgetary positions they may rely more upon changes in taxation than changes in public expenditures .

From 1908 onwards successive governments made adjustments to the income of some groups of parents in the light of their responsibilities ( for example , servicemen , the unemployed , widows and some income tax payers ) .
from 1908 onwards successive governments made [changes] to the income of some groups of parents in the light of their responsibilities ( for example , servicemen , the unemployed , widows and some income tax payers ) .

In addition , adjustments are made to reflect the alignment of accounting policies where the accounting policies of acquired companies would otherwise be inconsistent with those of the Group .
in addition , [changes] are made to reflect the alignment of accounting policies where the accounting policies of acquired companies would otherwise be inconsistent with those of the group .

This is prepared by the pursuer 's agents and is a statement of the pursuer 's case and the defender 's response , now including any alterations known as adjustments , made in course of the Adjustment Period , thus for example , if one has obtained a Medical Report which suggests that the pursuer is exaggerating his injuries and that he should have returned to work earlier than he did , appropriate statement to that effect should have been included in the Adjustment Period and will now be incorporated in the Closed Record .
this is prepared by the pursuer 's agents and is a statement of the pursuer 's case and the defender 's response , now including any alterations known as [changes] , made in course of the adjustment period , thus for example , if one has obtained a medical report which suggests that the pursuer is exaggerating his injuries and that he should have returned to work earlier than he did , appropriate statement to that effect should have been included in the adjustment period and will now be incorporated in the closed record .

When businesses just want to get on with doing business , ‘ to be told you can take out a summons but then must allow three to four months for the other side to put forward defences , then allow more time for adjustments of claims and defences , and then , subject to the availability of a judge , you 'll get a hearing on it in 18 months ’ time , is less than satisfactory ’ , said , senior partner with Dorman Jeffrey .
when businesses just want to get on with doing business , ‘ to be told you can take out a summons but then must allow three to four months for the other side to put forward defences , then allow more time for [changes] of claims and defences , and then , subject to the availability of a judge , you 'll get a hearing on it in 18 months ’ time , is less than satisfactory ’ , said , senior partner with dorman jeffrey .

Such groupings clearly have a development potential in enabling young people to make the social adjustments necessary for them to operate in adult society .
such groupings clearly have a development potential in enabling young people to make the social [changes] necessary for them to operate in adult society .

Secondment was full of uncertainties and the need for continual adjustments .
secondment was full of uncertainties and the need for continual [changes] .

New pockets are required for the snooker tables and to accommodate the smaller 10p coin adjustments will be necessary to the pool table .
new pockets are required for the snooker tables and to accommodate the smaller 10p coin [changes] will be necessary to the pool table .

As we are now reaching the Summer holiday period the adjustments to flexitime will be increasing due to staff applying for annual leave , flexi holidays and extended time away from work .
as we are now reaching the summer holiday period the [changes] to flexitime will be increasing due to staff applying for annual leave , flexi holidays and extended time away from work .

It is essential , therefore , that all adjustments covering annual leave during this period are received in the Admin — Personnel Section ( Room 3.20 ) in advance .
it is essential , therefore , that all [changes] covering annual leave during this period are received in the admin — personnel section ( room 3.20 ) in advance .

If adjustments are late at the end of an accounting period they have to be corrected manually causing the work involved in administering the system to increase making it very time consuming for the clerical staff .
if [changes] are late at the end of an accounting period they have to be corrected manually causing the work involved in administering the system to increase making it very time consuming for the clerical staff .

To alleviate this situation adjustments for week 4 of any period must be in by 10.00 am on the Tuesday of week 1 .
to alleviate this situation [changes] for week 4 of any period must be in by 10.00 am on the tuesday of week 1 .

High authority in an organization gives one the power to design organizational structure , make adjustments to its technology , motivate its participants and resist interference and opposition from within and outside the organization ( Benson 1977 ) .
high authority in an organization gives one the power to design organizational structure , make [changes] to its technology , motivate its participants and resist interference and opposition from within and outside the organization ( benson 1977 ) .

For example , the increased risk found by Jorgensen showed only a weak dose-response relation , and the effect found by the Rome Group for Epidemiology and Prevention of Cholelithiasis was reduced after adjustments for confounding factors .
for example , the increased risk found by jorgensen showed only a weak dose-response relation , and the effect found by the rome group for epidemiology and prevention of cholelithiasis was reduced after [changes] for confounding factors .

Answer guide : The answers need to show an understanding of the trial balance as being equivalent to the first balance on the worksheet and the extended trial balance as including the end of year adjustments .
answer guide : the answers need to show an understanding of the trial balance as being equivalent to the first balance on the worksheet and the extended trial balance as including the end of year [changes] .

Explain the meaning of the term ‘ final adjustments ’
explain the meaning of the term ‘ final [changes] ’

Answer guide : The answers should show the students understanding of these adjustments as being the same as would be used on the worksheet to put through year end entries .
answer guide : the answers should show the students understanding of these [changes] as being the same as would be used on the worksheet to put through year end entries .

The incomplete , sluggish and/or mistaken adjustments to changing economic signals that can be found in the Keynesian and monetarist short-run situations are removed from the new classical world by economic agents ' incentives and their ability to use full information to adjust to any new configuration of nominal variables as rapidly as possible .
the incomplete , sluggish and/or mistaken [changes] to changing economic signals that can be found in the keynesian and monetarist short-run situations are removed from the new classical world by economic agents ' incentives and their ability to use full information to adjust to any new configuration of nominal variables as rapidly as possible .

All the adjustments made are summarized in Table 12–5 .
all the [changes] made are summarized in table 12–5 .

As a boy in high school he 'd progressed from World-War-I aircraft-kits to model railways , his mind and his hands responding most happily to the assemblage of pistons , valves , wheels , with their appropriate adjustments and lubrications .
as a boy in high school he 'd progressed from world-war-i aircraft-kits to model railways , his mind and his hands responding most happily to the assemblage of pistons , valves , wheels , with their appropriate [changes] and lubrications .

The Hard Copy Manager may edit the configuration file to allocate more room in the hard copy directory , or to reduce the minimum fill mark of the volumes , or the manager may reduce the number of charge codes for which the run is being made ; the manager may make both adjustments if necessary .
the hard copy manager may edit the configuration file to allocate more room in the hard copy directory , or to reduce the minimum fill mark of the volumes , or the manager may reduce the number of charge codes for which the run is being made ; the manager may make both [changes] if necessary .

However , in case of need , cars can run on pure alcohol after adjustments .
however , in case of need , cars can run on pure alcohol after [changes] .

Test running , and making final adjustments to the newly installed hank scouring machine is Duncan Dawson .
test running , and making final [changes] to the newly installed hank scouring machine is duncan dawson .

Engineer Jack Cuthbert makes some finishing adjustments to one of the new high pressure package dyeing machines being installed at Douglas Reyburn .
engineer jack cuthbert makes some finishing [changes] to one of the new high pressure package dyeing machines being installed at douglas reyburn .

Alex Muirhead , Textile Technician , makes final adjustments to the new Gilbos Winding Machines recently installed at Douglas Reyburn .
alex muirhead , textile technician , makes final [changes] to the new gilbos winding machines recently installed at douglas reyburn .

Corporation tax on profits and advance coloration tax on dividends In computing the amount of a company 's annual profits subject to corporation tax , certain adjustments are required to be made to the profit before tax reported in published accounts .
corporation tax on profits and advance coloration tax on dividends in computing the amount of a company 's annual profits subject to corporation tax , certain [changes] are required to be made to the profit before tax reported in published accounts .

In this small community the adjustments can be made for the handicapping conditions of the persons involved .
in this small community the [changes] can be made for the handicapping conditions of the persons involved .

The announcement by the government of liberalization measures to reactivate the economy was reported on Oct. 21 ; these included exchange rate adjustments to favour exports , lifting credit restrictions , reducing bank controls and opening credit lines to promote production .
the announcement by the government of liberalization measures to reactivate the economy was reported on oct. 21 ; these included exchange rate [changes] to favour exports , lifting credit restrictions , reducing bank controls and opening credit lines to promote production .

Further economic adjustments were announced on Dec. 10 but faced with the continuing collapse of the austral Rapanelli resigned as Economy Minister on Dec. 15 and was replaced by González [ see p. 37118 ] .
further economic [changes] were announced on dec. 10 but faced with the continuing collapse of the austral rapanelli resigned as economy minister on dec. 15 and was replaced by gonzález [ see p. 37118 ] .

Although lacking a formal programme , Fujimori had rejected `` shock `` adjustments at a time when he claimed that the buying power of the majority of people had been halved over the previous year and that the needs of the poorest sectors had still to be met .
although lacking a formal programme , fujimori had rejected `` shock `` [changes] at a time when he claimed that the buying power of the majority of people had been halved over the previous year and that the needs of the poorest sectors had still to be met .

Nevertheless , adjustments in the exchange rates from ECUs to national `` green `` currencies and changes to other payment arrangements resulted in effective increases for farmers .
nevertheless , [changes] in the exchange rates from ecus to national `` green `` currencies and changes to other payment arrangements resulted in effective increases for farmers .

The West German Finance Minister , Theo Waigel , had told the meeting that the costs of unification could be carried by means of tax revenues resulting from higher than expected economic growth , and in an interview on April 8 he said that , although there would have to be some tax adjustments , the overall tax burden would remain the same .
the west german finance minister , theo waigel , had told the meeting that the costs of unification could be carried by means of tax revenues resulting from higher than expected economic growth , and in an interview on april 8 he said that , although there would have to be some tax [changes] , the overall tax burden would remain the same .

An extra £310 million would be allocated in 1991 and £1,250 million over three years to extend the existing system of transitional relief to those whose bills had increased by £100 per year or more ( £150 previously ) , benefiting a further 4,000,000 people in addition to the 7,500,000 already covered ; and adjustments were made to help those faced with charges for second homes or for joint business/residential premises and those in areas being phased out of the `` safety net `` arrangements applying in 25 local authorities .
an extra £310 million would be allocated in 1991 and £1,250 million over three years to extend the existing system of transitional relief to those whose bills had increased by £100 per year or more ( £150 previously ) , benefiting a further 4,000,000 people in addition to the 7,500,000 already covered ; and [changes] were made to help those faced with charges for second homes or for joint business/residential premises and those in areas being phased out of the `` safety net `` arrangements applying in 25 local authorities .

Further economic adjustments announced on Sept. 4 complemented an economic austerity package announced by Economy Minister Antonio Ermán González on Aug. 31 , the fifth under his administration [ for March 1990 measures see p. 37500 ] .
further economic [changes] announced on sept. 4 complemented an economic austerity package announced by economy minister antonio ermán gonzález on aug. 31 , the fifth under his administration [ for march 1990 measures see p. 37500 ] .

Time based with fail/success adjustments 1105.3
time based with fail/success [changes] 1105.3

to the extent that the adjustments do not meet this test , the financial data should be presented as an ‘ illustrative pro-forma ’ rather than as historical fact .
to the extent that the [changes] do not meet this test , the financial data should be presented as an ‘ illustrative pro-forma ’ rather than as historical fact .

In both cases , the basis of the adjustments to audited data should be explained and the results commented on when appropriate .
in both cases , the basis of the [changes] to audited data should be explained and the results commented on when appropriate .

pro forma financial adjustments
pro forma financial [changes]

Adjustments to initial consideration and deferred consideration depending on net assets and profits ( see below ) .
[changes] to initial consideration and deferred consideration depending on net assets and profits ( see below ) .

Where a successful claim is made against the vendor for breach of warranty under the sale agreement , adjustments will be made which effectively reduce the consideration for capital gains tax purposes by the amount of the damages paid to the purchaser .
where a successful claim is made against the vendor for breach of warranty under the sale agreement , [changes] will be made which effectively reduce the consideration for capital gains tax purposes by the amount of the damages paid to the purchaser .

It may be preferably for any payments to be payable to the purchaser and to be stated to be adjustments to the purchase price .
it may be preferably for any payments to be payable to the purchaser and to be stated to be [changes] to the purchase price .

The accounts for each subsidiary undertaking shall be prepared on the same basis as those for the company or such adjustments shall be made on consolidation to amend the accounts of each subsidiary undertaking to be equivalent to accounts prepared on such a basis .
the accounts for each subsidiary undertaking shall be prepared on the same basis as those for the company or such [changes] shall be made on consolidation to amend the accounts of each subsidiary undertaking to be equivalent to accounts prepared on such a basis .

The accounts for each subsidiary undertaking shall be prepared on the same basis as those for the company or such adjustments shall be made on consolidation to amend the accounts of each subsidiary undertaking to be equivalent to accounts prepared on such a basis .
the accounts for each subsidiary undertaking shall be prepared on the same basis as those for the company or such [changes] shall be made on consolidation to amend the accounts of each subsidiary undertaking to be equivalent to accounts prepared on such a basis .

Turnover shall represent the net value of deliveries made , or services rendered and includes adjustments arising from the use of estimated prices in previous years .
turnover shall represent the net value of deliveries made , or services rendered and includes [changes] arising from the use of estimated prices in previous years .

To the best of our knowledge and belief there are no events or new information which have occurred or have become known subsequent to [ date of last audited financial statements ] that would reasonably necessitate adjustments to the Memorandum .
to the best of our knowledge and belief there are no events or new information which have occurred or have become known subsequent to [ date of last audited financial statements ] that would reasonably necessitate [changes] to the memorandum .

1105.3 Time basis with fail/success adjustments
1105.3 time basis with fail/success [changes]

Are adjustments required to calculate the consideration from the accounts ?
are [changes] required to calculate the consideration from the accounts ?

Are the adjustments clearly defined ?
are the [changes] clearly defined ?

Will earn-out payments be governed by audited accounts or are adjustments required ?
will earn-out payments be governed by audited accounts or are [changes] required ?

The research first aims to empirically model the resulting adjustments in the economy ( such as the savings rate , housing demand and employment ) .
the research first aims to empirically model the resulting [changes] in the economy ( such as the savings rate , housing demand and employment ) .

This programme is concerned with the adjustments and responses in the world economy elicited by the oil price shocks of the 1970s .
this programme is concerned with the [changes] and responses in the world economy elicited by the oil price shocks of the 1970s .

If , however , adjustments are made on the basis of political bargaining within the officer and councillor structure , the consequences of external pressure on budgets may be unpredictable and result neither in overall cuts in spending nor in the hoped for shifts between budget heads .
if , however , [changes] are made on the basis of political bargaining within the officer and councillor structure , the consequences of external pressure on budgets may be unpredictable and result neither in overall cuts in spending nor in the hoped for shifts between budget heads .

Several adjustments are necessary when the system load is changed .
several [changes] are necessary when the system load is changed .

Since titles , footnotes and other adjustments to the presentation of the report may be made when requesting the information , the need to type the resulting report is also avoided .
since titles , footnotes and other [changes] to the presentation of the report may be made when requesting the information , the need to type the resulting report is also avoided .

That aside , Xtradrive handles memory managers automatically at install time , making the necessary adjustments without user intervention .
that aside , xtradrive handles memory managers automatically at install time , making the necessary [changes] without user intervention .

An Anglican compromise was reached : he sat on the ones she did n't need to read : baptismal returns ( decreasing ) , adjustments of quota ( increasing ) , confirmation numbers ( decreasing ) .
an anglican compromise was reached : he sat on the ones she did n't need to read : baptismal returns ( decreasing ) , [changes] of quota ( increasing ) , confirmation numbers ( decreasing ) .

Consequently , the mechanical behaviour is dominated by viscoelastic phenomena , in contrast to materials such as metal and glass where atomic adjustments under stress are more localized and limited .
consequently , the mechanical behaviour is dominated by viscoelastic phenomena , in contrast to materials such as metal and glass where atomic [changes] under stress are more localized and limited .

Robert Hassan inspects all returns for their validity and between them , a daily check is carried out on the adjustments of each loom .
robert hassan inspects all returns for their validity and between them , a daily check is carried out on the [changes] of each loom .

Where changes in presentation are made , appropriate adjustments are made to comparative figures .
where changes in presentation are made , appropriate [changes] are made to comparative figures .

The implementation of key targets as operational components of the new strategy — and hence also of the process of negotiation — may be conceived in the time frame of a decade but only in the form of a dynamic process , with different time frames for different components , and with an in-built and effective mechanism for review and reappraisal , leading to adjustments and correctives whenever the strategy is seen to deflect from the goals and objectives of development for which it was devised .
the implementation of key targets as operational components of the new strategy — and hence also of the process of negotiation — may be conceived in the time frame of a decade but only in the form of a dynamic process , with different time frames for different components , and with an in-built and effective mechanism for review and reappraisal , leading to [changes] and correctives whenever the strategy is seen to deflect from the goals and objectives of development for which it was devised .

We need to look at needs multipliers and area cost adjustments , particularly for outer London — they are not very generous this year .
we need to look at needs multipliers and area cost [changes] , particularly for outer london — they are not very generous this year .

The fun of choosing the exact position for each item , and making the final adjustments , could wait until she was on her own .
the fun of choosing the exact position for each item , and making the final [changes] , could wait until she was on her own .

The immediate first-round effects are often offset by subsequent adjustments ; and to know the full impact of a tax , one needs to trace through all its consequences .
the immediate first-round effects are often offset by subsequent [changes] ; and to know the full impact of a tax , one needs to trace through all its consequences .

The increase in , and reduction in n for a given output , leads to a reduced demand for capital ( see the term in ( 7–33 ' ) ) , and this necessitates equilibrating adjustments in w/r .
the increase in , and reduction in n for a given output , leads to a reduced demand for capital ( see the term in ( 7–33 ' ) ) , and this necessitates equilibrating [changes] in w/r .

How do adjustments in the rate of capital accumulation alter the results on the incidence of taxation derived in the previous Lectures ?
how do [changes] in the rate of capital accumulation alter the results on the incidence of taxation derived in the previous lectures ?

We now consider the concept of balanced growth incidence , where changes in taxation are accompanied by offsetting adjustments in monetary policy to hold constant the capital-labour ratio .
we now consider the concept of balanced growth incidence , where changes in taxation are accompanied by offsetting [changes] in monetary policy to hold constant the capital-labour ratio .

In particular , we have shown examples where a tax on capital income may be shifted completely , and have demonstrated that in less extreme cases the effective redistribution may be very much reduced in the long run as a result of adjustments in the capital stock .
in particular , we have shown examples where a tax on capital income may be shifted completely , and have demonstrated that in less extreme cases the effective redistribution may be very much reduced in the long run as a result of [changes] in the capital stock .

One can not discuss the effect of the national debt without specifying the other accompanying adjustments in fiscal policy .
one can not discuss the effect of the national debt without specifying the other accompanying [changes] in fiscal policy .

Thus , the use of tax records means that income may be missing because it is not taxable or not declared ( the adjustments made to reported income are discussed by Pechman and Okner , 1974 ) .
thus , the use of tax records means that income may be missing because it is not taxable or not declared ( the [changes] made to reported income are discussed by pechman and okner , 1974 ) .

If the Haig-Simons definition relates to real income , then adjustments need to be made to the return to all assets and to the interest paid on all liabilities ( i.e .
if the haig-simons definition relates to real income , then [changes] need to be made to the return to all assets and to the interest paid on all liabilities ( i.e .

Suddenly amid the grunts and petty adjustments there would appear a great big smile on his face as he contemplated certain of the pictures .
suddenly amid the grunts and petty [changes] there would appear a great big smile on his face as he contemplated certain of the pictures .

For if prices are rigid in the McCallum sense , the main results of the flexible-price models carry through : in particular , systematic attempts to stabilize real output , employment and other real variables will fail ; whereas if prices are sticky over long enough to permit policy adjustments by the government , the case for the type of stabilization policy advocated by Keynesian economists is restored even if expectations are rational .
for if prices are rigid in the mccallum sense , the main results of the flexible-price models carry through : in particular , systematic attempts to stabilize real output , employment and other real variables will fail ; whereas if prices are sticky over long enough to permit policy [changes] by the government , the case for the type of stabilization policy advocated by keynesian economists is restored even if expectations are rational .

It is particularly important to allow for the electronic relaxation of the ion — adjustments of all other electrons — though the timescale is too short to allow vibrational relaxation .
it is particularly important to allow for the electronic relaxation of the ion — [changes] of all other electrons — though the timescale is too short to allow vibrational relaxation .

‘ The adjustments would be daunting .
‘ the [changes] would be daunting .

Not your mouth , not your lips , not their adjustments
not your mouth , not your lips , not their [changes]

Claudia reluctantly took her place while Myra concentrated on last-minute adjustments .
claudia reluctantly took her place while myra concentrated on last-minute [changes] .

Next door , in the mirror of the basement cloakroom of Canon Wheeler 's house , Julia made the final adjustments to a maid 's uniform .
next door , in the mirror of the basement cloakroom of canon wheeler 's house , julia made the final [changes] to a maid 's uniform .

The style and method of management matter less than the question of whether the headteacher can collaborate with other schools and is prepared to make adjustments and concessions in the way the school is run in order to allow better pooling of time , staff or other resources .
the style and method of management matter less than the question of whether the headteacher can collaborate with other schools and is prepared to make [changes] and concessions in the way the school is run in order to allow better pooling of time , staff or other resources .

This entails personal views and values , a judgement about the degree of respect in which one holds the view of other people and a sense of whether something is being sacrificed or enhanced as a result of making adjustments .
this entails personal views and values , a judgement about the degree of respect in which one holds the view of other people and a sense of whether something is being sacrificed or enhanced as a result of making [changes] .

Some adjustments can amount to a loss of steadfastness , others can lead to values becoming curtained or shadowed in such a way that they are no longer clear to other people .
some [changes] can amount to a loss of steadfastness , others can lead to values becoming curtained or shadowed in such a way that they are no longer clear to other people .

Other adjustments may be so serious as to amount to jettisoning a carefully worked-out position .
other [changes] may be so serious as to amount to jettisoning a carefully worked-out position .

The head does not always have the time to ponder the price of those personal and professional adjustments which have to be made in the regular course of management .
the head does not always have the time to ponder the price of those personal and professional [changes] which have to be made in the regular course of management .

Prince Bola Ajibola , the Minister of Justice and federal Attorney General , confirmed on Sept. 12 that power would be handed to a civilian administration on Oct. 1 , 1992 , as planned , in spite of adjustments to the interim timetable .
prince bola ajibola , the minister of justice and federal attorney general , confirmed on sept. 12 that power would be handed to a civilian administration on oct. 1 , 1992 , as planned , in spite of [changes] to the interim timetable .

In spite of last-minute adjustments some of the approximately 40 opposition parties complained that constituency boundaries were weighted in favour either of conservative-minded voters in the thinly populated south or of voters in areas where anti-clerical Berber parties were strong .
in spite of last-minute [changes] some of the approximately 40 opposition parties complained that constituency boundaries were weighted in favour either of conservative-minded voters in the thinly populated south or of voters in areas where anti-clerical berber parties were strong .

The changes in the planned economic reform programme were described by Gaidar as `` technical adjustments `` .
the changes in the planned economic reform programme were described by gaidar as `` technical [changes] `` .

Proposals for tax adjustments included the replacement of the taxation of assets by a profits tax .
proposals for tax [changes] included the replacement of the taxation of assets by a profits tax .

Adjustments to the timetable for the transfer of power to an elected civilian government were announced by President Ibrahim Babangida on Nov. 16 .
[changes] to the timetable for the transfer of power to an elected civilian government were announced by president ibrahim babangida on nov. 16 .

Goods and services were classified in three groups : prices for electricity , gas , home heating fuels and rents would be raised on Jan. 1 , 1991 , and remain fixed for one year ; prices of 99 basic products , including bread , milk , meat and children 's clothes , would be adjusted every three months , with equivalent wage adjustments ; and prices of all other goods would be freed from all controls .
goods and services were classified in three groups : prices for electricity , gas , home heating fuels and rents would be raised on jan. 1 , 1991 , and remain fixed for one year ; prices of 99 basic products , including bread , milk , meat and children 's clothes , would be adjusted every three months , with equivalent wage [changes] ; and prices of all other goods would be freed from all controls .

The purpose of the review was to identify areas in which adjustments could be made to bring the state into greater harmony with traditional social structures .
the purpose of the review was to identify areas in which [changes] could be made to bring the state into greater harmony with traditional social structures .

Minor tax adjustments allowed for the creation of special family savings accounts , based on small deposits limited to $ 2,500 , which , if held for more than seven years , would produce tax-free interest .
minor tax [changes] allowed for the creation of special family savings accounts , based on small deposits limited to $ 2,500 , which , if held for more than seven years , would produce tax-free interest .

Cross-boundary flow adjustments to allocations will be replaced by direct billing for services rendered .
cross-boundary flow [changes] to allocations will be replaced by direct billing for services rendered .

In the absence of exchange rate changes therefore , adjustments in the labour market become crucial in restoring or maintaining an economy 's competitive position .
in the absence of exchange rate changes therefore , [changes] in the labour market become crucial in restoring or maintaining an economy 's competitive position .

Le Page and Tabouret-Keller write : As the individual speaks he [ sic ] is seen as always using language with reference to the inner models of the universe he has constructed for himself ; he projects in words images of that universe ( or , of those universes ) on to the social screen , and these images may be more or less sharply focussed , or more or less diffuse , in relation to each other or in relation to those projected by others in their interaction with him … Language … is the instrument through which , by means of individual adjustments in response to feedback , both `` languages `` and `` groups `` may become more highly focused in the sense that the behaviour of members of a group may become more alike … `` Focusing `` will imply greater regularity in the linguistic code , less variability ; `` diffusion `` the converse .
le page and tabouret-keller write : as the individual speaks he [ sic ] is seen as always using language with reference to the inner models of the universe he has constructed for himself ; he projects in words images of that universe ( or , of those universes ) on to the social screen , and these images may be more or less sharply focussed , or more or less diffuse , in relation to each other or in relation to those projected by others in their interaction with him … language … is the instrument through which , by means of individual [changes] in response to feedback , both `` languages `` and `` groups `` may become more highly focused in the sense that the behaviour of members of a group may become more alike … `` focusing `` will imply greater regularity in the linguistic code , less variability ; `` diffusion `` the converse .

The accommodation model deals with the adjustments which speakers make with respect to each other in a particular encounter , but it can not explain the `` base line `` of behaviour which each individual brings to that encounter , i.e .
the accommodation model deals with the [changes] which speakers make with respect to each other in a particular encounter , but it can not explain the `` base line `` of behaviour which each individual brings to that encounter , i.e .

Perhaps de Gaulle was enough of a pragmatist to have made those adjustments himself , had he remained in power .
perhaps de gaulle was enough of a pragmatist to have made those [changes] himself , had he remained in power .

Development and consultation time has been short , and there are a number of features which will require close scrutiny during the early stages of piloting , so that adjustments can be made at an appropriate time .
development and consultation time has been short , and there are a number of features which will require close scrutiny during the early stages of piloting , so that [changes] can be made at an appropriate time .

Here adjustments in national price levels allow the required downward adjustment in real wages , but this will affect international competitiveness unless it is possible to undertake a devaluation of the currency .
here [changes] in national price levels allow the required downward adjustment in real wages , but this will affect international competitiveness unless it is possible to undertake a devaluation of the currency .

Very small last minute adjustments to spacing may become necessary , but if you have tailored your item to fit the plan then you are reasonably safe .
very small last minute [changes] to spacing may become necessary , but if you have tailored your item to fit the plan then you are reasonably safe .

In the same way , it is possible to move forward in a free-wheeling way , making adjustments as required and recovering from mistakes .
in the same way , it is possible to move forward in a free-wheeling way , making [changes] as required and recovering from mistakes .

As the two treatment groups were not identical in severity of disease at the start of the trial , an analysis of covariance , with corresponding confidence intervals , was used to compare each measure between the groups after treatment , making adjustments for the differences in severity of disease before treatment as measured by the corresponding baseline measurement .
as the two treatment groups were not identical in severity of disease at the start of the trial , an analysis of covariance , with corresponding confidence intervals , was used to compare each measure between the groups after treatment , making [changes] for the differences in severity of disease before treatment as measured by the corresponding baseline measurement .

The price adjustments can also be converted into yield adjustments or yield spreads to give , for example , the difference in yield between bonds with and without a particular sector characteristic .
the price [changes] can also be converted into yield [changes] or yield spreads to give , for example , the difference in yield between bonds with and without a particular sector characteristic .

Taking into account all the adjustments , we can see that the bank bond ought to be trading at 5.61 lower than or at a yield to maturity of 1.14 per cent higher than the comparable government bond .
taking into account all the [changes] , we can see that the bank bond ought to be trading at 5.61 lower than or at a yield to maturity of 1.14 per cent higher than the comparable government bond .

The two firms could make different adjustments for inflation .
the two firms could make different [changes] for inflation .

The price factors are calculated for the first day of the delivery month , and adjustments have to be made for accrued interest where the first day of the delivery month does not coincide with a coupon payment date .
the price factors are calculated for the first day of the delivery month , and [changes] have to be made for accrued interest where the first day of the delivery month does not coincide with a coupon payment date .

But Ninagawa stops the action every few minutes to make tiny adjustments .
but ninagawa stops the action every few minutes to make tiny [changes] .

While annual adjustments are popular with lenders , they can create unexpected problems for borrowers who fail to make financial provision for the higher repayments .
while annual [changes] are popular with lenders , they can create unexpected problems for borrowers who fail to make financial provision for the higher repayments .

Diesel always has been lead-free and the only adjustments you need to make are mental ones , because diesel-powered cars are no longer slow , smelly or noisy .
diesel always has been lead-free and the only [changes] you need to make are mental ones , because diesel-powered cars are no longer slow , smelly or noisy .

However , because the management were helpful and co-operative we were able to make a few adjustments .
however , because the management were helpful and co-operative we were able to make a few [changes] .

Play with them without an audience , but remember to make adjustments when the audience is present .
play with them without an audience , but remember to make [changes] when the audience is present .

However , if you feel progress is too slow , you need to make slight adjustments to your food and exercise programme to get it going as you want it .
however , if you feel progress is too slow , you need to make slight [changes] to your food and exercise programme to get it going as you want it .

People said it was smoothed over , and that there had been adjustments of personnel in the agriculture department .
people said it was smoothed over , and that there had been [changes] of personnel in the agriculture department .

As he preceded what he now thought of as a mythical being down to the canteen , he thought about how he 'd once found the sight of Zambia 's adjustments repulsive and unnatural .
as he preceded what he now thought of as a mythical being down to the canteen , he thought about how he 'd once found the sight of zambia 's [changes] repulsive and unnatural .

He not only created the material world but also , like a divine watchmaker , set it going by an initial injection of motion , and kept it going by occasional adjustments .
he not only created the material world but also , like a divine watchmaker , set it going by an initial injection of motion , and kept it going by occasional [changes] .

And once changes are agreed , they cease to be the adjustments of the Government .
and once changes are agreed , they cease to be the [changes] of the government .

All this applies to open-ground sowings , and of course it is the crops from these that move fastest as they suffer no transplanting adjustments .
all this applies to open-ground sowings , and of course it is the crops from these that move fastest as they suffer no transplanting [changes] .

The traditional incremental approach is one in which last year 's expenditure provides a base from which to make minor adjustments ( disjointed incrementalism ) .
the traditional incremental approach is one in which last year 's expenditure provides a base from which to make minor [changes] ( disjointed incrementalism ) .

Attention is given to minor adjustments in the spending pattern or the justification of additional spending .
attention is given to minor [changes] in the spending pattern or the justification of additional spending .

Traditionally , an approach has been used where adjustments in previous allocations have been made after qualitative assessments of changed circumstances by the senior management of the school .
traditionally , an approach has been used where [changes] in previous allocations have been made after qualitative assessments of changed circumstances by the senior management of the school .

The method , however , lacks flexibility , and for an apparatus this size it was essential to have an independent power source so that adjustments could be carried out in the event of failure .
the method , however , lacks flexibility , and for an apparatus this size it was essential to have an independent power source so that [changes] could be carried out in the event of failure .

Nevertheless he was able to show that , despite all this , the Company had , by a great act of faith , begun and carried through to partial completion a programme of overall improvement rather than just piecemeal adjustments .
nevertheless he was able to show that , despite all this , the company had , by a great act of faith , begun and carried through to partial completion a programme of overall improvement rather than just piecemeal [changes] .

Our starting point for analysing structure happens to have been with an exercise , the form of drama popularised by Brian Way , and yet little attempt has so far been made by him or by anyone else to show how these apparently slight adjustments within the structure of the exercise can seriously affect the outcome .
our starting point for analysing structure happens to have been with an exercise , the form of drama popularised by brian way , and yet little attempt has so far been made by him or by anyone else to show how these apparently slight [changes] within the structure of the exercise can seriously affect the outcome .

There are only two adjustments to be made inside : the correct alignment of the handle and pull-rod for smooth operation ; and of the ballvalve , to ensure that the supply is fully closed when the level reaches the water line .
there are only two [changes] to be made inside : the correct alignment of the handle and pull-rod for smooth operation ; and of the ballvalve , to ensure that the supply is fully closed when the level reaches the water line .

It is proposed to extend the circumstances in which the price and number of shares under the British Gas Sharesave Scheme may be adjusted to include an ‘ open offer ’ ( an offer to shareholders similar to a rights issue ) or any other variation of share capital which the Inland Revenue accepts as sufficient ground for such an adjustment and at the same time to allow for adjustments to reflect changes in the class of shares , or the rights attaching to shares , under option .
it is proposed to extend the circumstances in which the price and number of shares under the british gas sharesave scheme may be adjusted to include an ‘ open offer ’ ( an offer to shareholders similar to a rights issue ) or any other variation of share capital which the inland revenue accepts as sufficient ground for such an adjustment and at the same time to allow for [changes] to reflect changes in the class of shares , or the rights attaching to shares , under option .

For some policyholders the increase is partially or even wholly offset by adjustments made to the premiums for
for some policyholders the increase is partially or even wholly offset by [changes] made to the premiums for

One has only to imagine what would happen if the books on the shelf behind the sitter 's head were upright , like the others , to realize on what delicate adjustments the solidity of this amazing structure depends … He it was who first , among moderns at all events , conceived this method of organizing the infinite complexity of appearance by referring it to a geometrical scaffolding .
one has only to imagine what would happen if the books on the shelf behind the sitter 's head were upright , like the others , to realize on what delicate [changes] the solidity of this amazing structure depends … he it was who first , among moderns at all events , conceived this method of organizing the infinite complexity of appearance by referring it to a geometrical scaffolding .

If the angle is too steep , and you arrive too close , it will mean having a very short base leg and no time for adjustments by moving in or out and using the airbrakes .
if the angle is too steep , and you arrive too close , it will mean having a very short base leg and no time for [changes] by moving in or out and using the airbrakes .

With students and inexperienced pilots , it is usual to discourage them from making adjustments on the airbrakes during the hold off , apart from reducing the amount of airbrake if it is necessary to float to land further up the field .
with students and inexperienced pilots , it is usual to discourage them from making [changes] on the airbrakes during the hold off , apart from reducing the amount of airbrake if it is necessary to float to land further up the field .

But these are adjustments of fine tuning .
but these are [changes] of fine tuning .

Turn around times for replacing a standard outsole can be as low as 30 minutes , but even when more complicated adjustments and corrections have to be made , shoes are usually back on your feet the same day .
turn around times for replacing a standard outsole can be as low as 30 minutes , but even when more complicated [changes] and corrections have to be made , shoes are usually back on your feet the same day .

Restitching uppers , patching holes or individually tailored adjustments , such as lifting up worn shoes or altering the sole level , present little difficulty .
restitching uppers , patching holes or individually tailored [changes] , such as lifting up worn shoes or altering the sole level , present little difficulty .

Its name was changed , to make things clear to the outside world , from Banbury County School to Banbury Grammar School : in Surrey they had not bothered with such fine adjustments , although Wallington County School was unambiguously a grammar school .
its name was changed , to make things clear to the outside world , from banbury county school to banbury grammar school : in surrey they had not bothered with such fine [changes] , although wallington county school was unambiguously a grammar school .

So numerous drugs have become available , but the adjustments they achieve are sometimes disappointing .
so numerous drugs have become available , but the [changes] they achieve are sometimes disappointing .

Although the Brady debt initiative has gone some way to potentially alleviating the debt problems of Chile , Colombia , Costa Rica , Mexico and Uruguay — those countries which have made serious adjustments — two of the biggest debtors , Brazil and Argentina , remain outside the ring .
although the brady debt initiative has gone some way to potentially alleviating the debt problems of chile , colombia , costa rica , mexico and uruguay — those countries which have made serious [changes] — two of the biggest debtors , brazil and argentina , remain outside the ring .

The first paysannat was established in 1936 and the example , with adjustments , was subsequently widely followed .
the first paysannat was established in 1936 and the example , with [changes] , was subsequently widely followed .

The most substantive changes have been considerable upward adjustments in prices paid to farmers , which have had a positive effect on output .
the most substantive changes have been considerable upward [changes] in prices paid to farmers , which have had a positive effect on output .

The reforms are mostly technical adjustments aimed at penalising slow delivery of the ball into open play and reducing the number of place-kicks .
the reforms are mostly technical [changes] aimed at penalising slow delivery of the ball into open play and reducing the number of place-kicks .

Having done all this , final adjustments can be made to the downhaul and outhaul to ensure that the sail has a good aerofoil shape .
having done all this , final [changes] can be made to the downhaul and outhaul to ensure that the sail has a good aerofoil shape .

Rather than weary arms taking the strain , the harness lines do , allowing maximum use of body weight whilst letting the arms make fine adjustments to the sail .
rather than weary arms taking the strain , the harness lines do , allowing maximum use of body weight whilst letting the arms make fine [changes] to the sail .

On a board all these fine adjustments are made by our bodies in the way we stand .
on a board all these fine [changes] are made by our bodies in the way we stand .

If your arms are fit enough , it is best to sail without using the harness as much as possible since you can make far more sensitive adjustments .
if your arms are fit enough , it is best to sail without using the harness as much as possible since you can make far more sensitive [changes] .

The combined pressure of the rise in the price of oil , the rise in net interest payments , and the fall in net remittances forced Yugoslavia to make other adjustments in its balance of payments .
the combined pressure of the rise in the price of oil , the rise in net interest payments , and the fall in net remittances forced yugoslavia to make other [changes] in its balance of payments .

Public policy should assume , and seek to encourage , the spread of voluntary parenthood ; it should also assume also that women will take an increasing part in the cultural and economic life of the community and should endeavour , by adjustments of social and economic arrangements , to make it easier for women to combine motherhood and the care of the home with outside interests .
public policy should assume , and seek to encourage , the spread of voluntary parenthood ; it should also assume also that women will take an increasing part in the cultural and economic life of the community and should endeavour , by [changes] of social and economic arrangements , to make it easier for women to combine motherhood and the care of the home with outside interests .

Adjustments are continuously being made , too .
[changes] are continuously being made , too .

Apart from the general characteristics of the basic blend adjustments may be made to suit regional variations in water hardness , by the addition of sequestrants .
apart from the general characteristics of the basic blend [changes] may be made to suit regional variations in water hardness , by the addition of sequestrants .

Adjustments are made in concentration by the use of neutral fillers , water in the case of liquid products , and chemicals such as sodium sulphate or disodium tetraborate ( borax ) in powders .
[changes] are made in concentration by the use of neutral fillers , water in the case of liquid products , and chemicals such as sodium sulphate or disodium tetraborate ( borax ) in powders .

All too often concentration is used by suppliers as a means of adjusting price or profitability , and , to an extent , this can be concealed from the customer by adjustments in texture .
all too often concentration is used by suppliers as a means of adjusting price or profitability , and , to an extent , this can be concealed from the customer by [changes] in texture .

At times these adjustments verge on sharp practice enabled by the fact that ingredients do not have to be revealed .
at times these [changes] verge on sharp practice enabled by the fact that ingredients do not have to be revealed .

This responsibility is often taken on by the detergent suppliers who takes care of the chemicals , dosing equipment and the minor repairs and adjustments on the machine .
this responsibility is often taken on by the detergent suppliers who takes care of the chemicals , dosing equipment and the minor repairs and [changes] on the machine .

Hence there is a painful dilemma for the policy-maker between treating a problem as a black box which will not go away but whose size does not seem intimidating and is amenable to exorcism by benign rhetoric and minor policy adjustments ; or as a more diffuse , analytically complex and sophisticated explanation of why most of the problems exist .
hence there is a painful dilemma for the policy-maker between treating a problem as a black box which will not go away but whose size does not seem intimidating and is amenable to exorcism by benign rhetoric and minor policy [changes] ; or as a more diffuse , analytically complex and sophisticated explanation of why most of the problems exist .

However , conductors of each group would meet daily and discuss minor adjustments to the programmes .
however , conductors of each group would meet daily and discuss minor [changes] to the programmes .

Mr Byron Butler , 52 , the chairman , told him to make the necessary adjustments out of court before proceeding with sentencing in a drink-drive case .
mr byron butler , 52 , the chairman , told him to make the necessary [changes] out of court before proceeding with sentencing in a drink-drive case .

If however it is felt that some of our members are n't being catered for at the present time please let the group organisers know so that , if possible , adjustments may be made .
if however it is felt that some of our members are n't being catered for at the present time please let the group organisers know so that , if possible , [changes] may be made .

The British government argued that if a major change in the system of documentation was not called for , but only minor incidental adjustments , such adjustments would be different in kind from those at present allowed by law .
the british government argued that if a major change in the system of documentation was not called for , but only minor incidental [changes] , such [changes] would be different in kind from those at present allowed by law .

It noted that adjustments are permitted in the case of adoption and legitimation .
it noted that [changes] are permitted in the case of adoption and legitimation .

Adjustments to 1991 's figures have been made wherever possible to reflect gross revenues .
[changes] to 1991 's figures have been made wherever possible to reflect gross revenues .

Notes : Adjustments to the figures have been made for the purpose of comparison where appropriate .
notes : [changes] to the figures have been made for the purpose of comparison where appropriate .

By specific adjustments , your highly skilled chiropractor can restore normal mobility and relieve strain whether the problem is with the spine , joints or muscles .
by specific [changes] , your highly skilled chiropractor can restore normal mobility and relieve strain whether the problem is with the spine , joints or muscles .

For those children going straight to foster families , without even the support of the friends they had made on the journey , natural feelings had to be forced down as adjustments to a new environment and a new language were made . Herbert Hobden ( Holzinger ) tried hard to keep a stiff upper lip as he was introduced , with his ten-year-old sister , to his new home :
for those children going straight to foster families , without even the support of the friends they had made on the journey , natural feelings had to be forced down as [changes] to a new environment and a new language were made . herbert hobden ( holzinger ) tried hard to keep a stiff upper lip as he was introduced , with his ten-year-old sister , to his new home :

Further adjustments of the output level and the profit margin as the firm becomes more acquainted with the market within which it operates , given sufficient time , may enable it to reach its objective .
further [changes] of the output level and the profit margin as the firm becomes more acquainted with the market within which it operates , given sufficient time , may enable it to reach its objective .

Formatting to the rear of the Rallye , Legg established radio contact , and gently eased Anderson through a series of power adjustments and manoeuvres to make a practice approach at Cardiff before bringing him around for a successful , damage- and injury-free landing .
formatting to the rear of the rallye , legg established radio contact , and gently eased anderson through a series of power [changes] and manoeuvres to make a practice approach at cardiff before bringing him around for a successful , damage- and injury-free landing .

Resistivity adjustments of up to 20 % have been recognised .
resistivity [changes] of up to 20 % have been recognised .

What adjustments will need to be made ?
what [changes] will need to be made ?

change and adjustments to practice through problem solving and shared training
change and [changes] to practice through problem solving and shared training

On the other hand being sufficiently flexible to make small adjustments to your behaviour , providing the chosen mode is appropriate , is likely to be effective .
on the other hand being sufficiently flexible to make small [changes] to your behaviour , providing the chosen mode is appropriate , is likely to be effective .

And all the while we monitor to keep tabs on what is happening and to get the feedback we need to make in-flight adjustments .
and all the while we monitor to keep tabs on what is happening and to get the feedback we need to make in-flight [changes] .

With all these ‘ adjustments ’ , few Es are more than 5 % pure .
with all these ‘ [changes] ’ , few es are more than 5 % pure .

The evolution of parasitic relationships involves countless compromises and adjustments between the two partners .
the evolution of parasitic relationships involves countless compromises and [changes] between the two partners .

This is a formidable task even for a human navigator , but as we have found out in the past few years , the bees ' trigonometric adjustments are perfectly mindless , depending only on a memory of the Sun 's azimuth relative to the bee 's goal on the previous trip ( or day ) and an extrapolation of the Sun 's current rate of azimuth movement .
this is a formidable task even for a human navigator , but as we have found out in the past few years , the bees ' trigonometric [changes] are perfectly mindless , depending only on a memory of the sun 's azimuth relative to the bee 's goal on the previous trip ( or day ) and an extrapolation of the sun 's current rate of azimuth movement .

‘ Middle life is a time for making all sorts of adjustments and adaptations .
‘ middle life is a time for making all sorts of [changes] and adaptations .

Coping with minor ills is very much a matter of learning how to live with them , making small but helpful adjustments to our way of life without letting the complaint loom too large or take over our lifestyle .
coping with minor ills is very much a matter of learning how to live with them , making small but helpful [changes] to our way of life without letting the complaint loom too large or take over our lifestyle .

It is possible for parents to go on behaving as they have always done towards their children , without making adjustments as they are needed .
it is possible for parents to go on behaving as they have always done towards their children , without making [changes] as they are needed .

Course adjustments may be put into effect immediately in the case of full-time courses , while , in order to protect the interests of part-time students locked into the Institution 's examination programme , adequate forward notice and even a transitional period with parallel diets , have had to be offered .
course [changes] may be put into effect immediately in the case of full-time courses , while , in order to protect the interests of part-time students locked into the institution 's examination programme , adequate forward notice and even a transitional period with parallel diets , have had to be offered .

Main picture For luthier Arthur Robb playing the instrument is a vital part of producing it : this enables him to check the sound quality and make any necessary final adjustments . Top On the workbench ( from left ) ; tuning pegs , a plane , a reamer to taper holes for the pegs , beeswax to lubricate and polish the wood , lute bridges , lute-bridge templates , a saw and a chisel
main picture for luthier arthur robb playing the instrument is a vital part of producing it : this enables him to check the sound quality and make any necessary final [changes] . top on the workbench ( from left ) ; tuning pegs , a plane , a reamer to taper holes for the pegs , beeswax to lubricate and polish the wood , lute bridges , lute-bridge templates , a saw and a chisel

most West-Pacific NICs , by structural adjustments in their economies and controlling real wage levels , have been able to cope with external economic shocks more easily than other countries — with more intra-trade and an increasing share of the world 's fixed investment , economic prospects are generally regarded as sound by bankers ;
most west-pacific nics , by structural [changes] in their economies and controlling real wage levels , have been able to cope with external economic shocks more easily than other countries — with more intra-trade and an increasing share of the world 's fixed investment , economic prospects are generally regarded as sound by bankers ;

Short-term adjustments in exchange rates appear to be more influenced by interest rates , economic factors ( oil prices , strikes , money supply growth ) and political events ( elections , wars , East-West tension ) in individual countries .
short-term [changes] in exchange rates appear to be more influenced by interest rates , economic factors ( oil prices , strikes , money supply growth ) and political events ( elections , wars , east-west tension ) in individual countries .

Although the agent bank may have power to renegotiate the loan contract , a consensus is required on any major adjustments relating to interest and repayment , e.g .
although the agent bank may have power to renegotiate the loan contract , a consensus is required on any major [changes] relating to interest and repayment , e.g .

Just on admission , a patient has not had time to make any necessary spatial adjustments .
just on admission , a patient has not had time to make any necessary spatial [changes] .

The lighter the fabric weight , the more sensitive seam quality is to machine adjustments and thread tensions as well as to the ability of sewing operators to make necessary adjustments .
the lighter the fabric weight , the more sensitive seam quality is to machine [changes] and thread tensions as well as to the ability of sewing operators to make necessary [changes] .

Long production runs of the same basic item of apparel , with the same fabric , allow sewing operators to make major machine settings once a day , with only a few additional adjustments required throughout the shift .
long production runs of the same basic item of apparel , with the same fabric , allow sewing operators to make major machine settings once a day , with only a few additional [changes] required throughout the shift .

Our work on apparel supplier adjustments to lean retailing suggests that an economy characterized by an increasing level of modern manufacturing and retailing practices should experience lower levels of inventories relative to sales .
our work on apparel supplier [changes] to lean retailing suggests that an economy characterized by an increasing level of modern manufacturing and retailing practices should experience lower levels of inventories relative to sales .

DiClemente commented that such adjustments to instruments are often necessary .
diclemente commented that such [changes] to instruments are often necessary .

Officials at OPM 's Retirement Operations Center at Boyers , PA , and the American Federation of Government Employees ( AFGE ) said that their excellent working relationship helped facilitate the adjustments made to incorporate new technology at the Center .
officials at opm 's retirement operations center at boyers , pa , and the american federation of government employees ( afge ) said that their excellent working relationship helped facilitate the [changes] made to incorporate new technology at the center .

By allowing such tests , the organizations could readily identify previously unknown vulnerabilities and either eliminate them or make adjustments in computer and network use to lessen the risks .
by allowing such tests , the organizations could readily identify previously unknown vulnerabilities and either eliminate them or make [changes] in computer and network use to lessen the risks .

In general , however , stewardship investments shall be measured on the same basis of accounting as used for financial statements , including appropriate accrual adjustments , general and administrative overhead , and a share of the cost of facilities ( for example , depreciation ) .
in general , however , stewardship investments shall be measured on the same basis of accounting as used for financial statements , including appropriate accrual [changes] , general and administrative overhead , and a share of the cost of facilities ( for example , depreciation ) .

Case Illustration : United States Customs Service adjustments so that potential problems do not become crises.10 By building environmental assessment into the strategic planning process , they are able to stay focused on their long-term goals even as they make changes in the way they intend to achieve them .
case illustration : united states customs service [changes] so that potential problems do not become crises.10 by building environmental assessment into the strategic planning process , they are able to stay focused on their long-term goals even as they make changes in the way they intend to achieve them .

Additional funding in fiscal year 2002 is being requested for : mandatory pay and benefit costs resulting primarily from federal cost-of-living and locality pay adjustments , based on Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) guidance , increased participation in the Federal Employees Retirement System , and an increase in the estimated number of retirees -- $ 17,554,000 ; uncontrollable inflationary increases in transportation , lodging , postage , printing , supplies , contracts , and other essential mission support services , based on OMB 's 2percent inflation index and other factors -- $ 1,565,000 ; and uncontrollable contract rate increases in building operations and maintenance and information technology programs -- $ 1,453,000 .
additional funding in fiscal year 2002 is being requested for : mandatory pay and benefit costs resulting primarily from federal cost-of-living and locality pay [changes] , based on office of management and budget ( omb ) guidance , increased participation in the federal employees retirement system , and an increase in the estimated number of retirees -- $ 17,554,000 ; uncontrollable inflationary increases in transportation , lodging , postage , printing , supplies , contracts , and other essential mission support services , based on omb 's 2percent inflation index and other factors -- $ 1,565,000 ; and uncontrollable contract rate increases in building operations and maintenance and information technology programs -- $ 1,453,000 .

Therefore , auditors should consider the need to make adjustments to the audit objectives , scope , and methodology as work is being completed .
therefore , auditors should consider the need to make [changes] to the audit objectives , scope , and methodology as work is being completed .

By allowing such tests , the organizations could readily identify previously unknown vulnerabilities and either eliminate them or make adjustments in computer and network use to lessen the risks .
by allowing such tests , the organizations could readily identify previously unknown vulnerabilities and either eliminate them or make [changes] in computer and network use to lessen the risks .

Adjustment or Corrections After the T & A Period Ends Adjustments or corrections required because of changes after T & A data were approved must be made in the payroll system and reflected in pay for the pay period to which the changes apply , when possible .
adjustment or corrections after the t & a period ends [changes] or corrections required because of changes after t & a data were approved must be made in the payroll system and reflected in pay for the pay period to which the changes apply , when possible .

When not possible , adjustments must be made as soon after discovery as practical .
when not possible , [changes] must be made as soon after discovery as practical .

Any adjustments required because of changes in reported absences after the reports were approved and transmitted to the payroll system must be made and reflected in the pay period to which the changes apply , when possible , or when not possible , adjusted as soon as possible , preferably in the next pay period .
any [changes] required because of changes in reported absences after the reports were approved and transmitted to the payroll system must be made and reflected in the pay period to which the changes apply , when possible , or when not possible , adjusted as soon as possible , preferably in the next pay period .

Part of that assessment should focus on options for moving away from a compensation system that contains governmentwide pay increases with locality adjustments , and toward a system that is based to a greater degree on the knowledge , skills , and performance of the individuals involved .
part of that assessment should focus on options for moving away from a compensation system that contains governmentwide pay increases with locality [changes] , and toward a system that is based to a greater degree on the knowledge , skills , and performance of the individuals involved .

Fixed-Price appropriate cases , a firm price with fees or otherContract adjustments .
fixed-price appropriate cases , a firm price with fees or othercontract [changes] .

Case studies do not use statistical adjustments to facilitate comparison .
case studies do not use statistical [changes] to facilitate comparison .

The demands of evaluation led to other adjustments in ethnographic methods .
the demands of evaluation led to other [changes] in ethnographic methods .

Over the long run , we assume that market forces such as adjustments in exchange rates , interest rates , and prices will tend to move net foreign investment and the current account balance towards zero .
over the long run , we assume that market forces such as [changes] in exchange rates , interest rates , and prices will tend to move net foreign investment and the current account balance towards zero .

The 2001 reports have enabled the LSC Results Group to identify adjustments for improving reliability of the numerical data being provided by grantees .
the 2001 reports have enabled the lsc results group to identify [changes] for improving reliability of the numerical data being provided by grantees .

To avoid overestimating the impact of the policy scenarios in this analysis , EPA made a number of adjustments before implementing the CEF assumptions in the four scenarios reported here .
to avoid overestimating the impact of the policy scenarios in this analysis , epa made a number of [changes] before implementing the cef assumptions in the four scenarios reported here .

With the adjustments described above now reflected in the current analytical framework , and using the program cost information documented in the CEF study , Table 3 summarizes the incremental program costs that were assumed as necessary to drive the kind of changes in electricity consumption and emissions described in Table 2 .
with the [changes] described above now reflected in the current analytical framework , and using the program cost information documented in the cef study , table 3 summarizes the incremental program costs that were assumed as necessary to drive the kind of changes in electricity consumption and emissions described in table 2 .

Finally , program spending in scenario D started at $ 2.1 billion in 2002 and increased to $ 5.5 billion by the last year of this analysis.4 The net effect of mapping increased program spending together with adjustments needed to update the assumptions of the CEF policy scenarios can be highlighted by reviewing the change in electricity generation for scenario D. In the CEF Advanced Scenario ( based on a 1999 reference case ) , for example , the level of electricity generation in 2010 was lowered by 10 % from the reference case requirements of 3,920 billion kilowatt-hours ( kWh ) .
finally , program spending in scenario d started at $ 2.1 billion in 2002 and increased to $ 5.5 billion by the last year of this analysis.4 the net effect of mapping increased program spending together with [changes] needed to update the assumptions of the cef policy scenarios can be highlighted by reviewing the change in electricity generation for scenario d. in the cef advanced scenario ( based on a 1999 reference case ) , for example , the level of electricity generation in 2010 was lowered by 10 % from the reference case requirements of 3,920 billion kilowatt-hours ( kwh ) .

Section II ( Analytical Approach ) discusses the analytic framework used in conducting this assessment , which includes scenario development , emissions modeling , air quality modeling , human health and visibility effects estimation , economic valuation , and adjustments for income growth and benefits aggregation .
section ii ( analytical approach ) discusses the analytic framework used in conducting this assessment , which includes scenario development , emissions modeling , air quality modeling , human health and visibility effects estimation , economic valuation , and [changes] for income growth and benefits aggregation .

The Alternative approach also uses different data to value reductions in the risk of premature mortality and chronic bronchitis and makes adjustments relating to the health status and potential longevity of the populations most likely affected by PM .
the alternative approach also uses different data to value reductions in the risk of premature mortality and chronic bronchitis and makes [changes] relating to the health status and potential longevity of the populations most likely affected by pm .

EPA will continue to monitor the progress of this concern , and make appropriate adjustments as further information is made available .
epa will continue to monitor the progress of this concern , and make appropriate [changes] as further information is made available .

Where appropriate , we have made adjustments to existing primary research for the level of environmental quality change , the sociodemographic and economic characteristics of the affected population , and other factors in order to improve the accuracy and robustness of benefits estimates .
where appropriate , we have made [changes] to existing primary research for the level of environmental quality change , the sociodemographic and economic characteristics of the affected population , and other factors in order to improve the accuracy and robustness of benefits estimates .

In the sections that follow , we discuss in greater detail the basis for generating WTP for premature mortality risk reductions and WTP for reductions in the risk of contracting chronic bronchitis and the basis for making adjustments to unit values to make them more applicable to the air pollution reductions we anticipate from the Clear Skies Act .
in the sections that follow , we discuss in greater detail the basis for generating wtp for premature mortality risk reductions and wtp for reductions in the risk of contracting chronic bronchitis and the basis for making [changes] to unit values to make them more applicable to the air pollution reductions we anticipate from the clear skies act .

While there are several differences between the risk context implicit in labor market studies we use to derive a VSL estimate and the particulate matter air pollution context addressed here , those differences in the affected populations and the nature of the risks imply both upward and downward adjustments .
while there are several differences between the risk context implicit in labor market studies we use to derive a vsl estimate and the particulate matter air pollution context addressed here , those differences in the affected populations and the nature of the risks imply both upward and downward [changes] .

For example , adjusting for age differences between subjects in the economic studies and those affected by air pollution may imply the need to adjust the $ 6 million VSL downward , but the involuntary nature of air pollution-related risks and the lower level of risk-aversion of the manual laborers in the labor market studies may imply the need for upward adjustments .
for example , adjusting for age differences between subjects in the economic studies and those affected by air pollution may imply the need to adjust the $ 6 million vsl downward , but the involuntary nature of air pollution-related risks and the lower level of risk-aversion of the manual laborers in the labor market studies may imply the need for upward [changes] .

The EPA recognizes the need for investigation by the scientific community to develop additional empirical support for adjustments to VSL for the factors mentioned above .
the epa recognizes the need for investigation by the scientific community to develop additional empirical support for [changes] to vsl for the factors mentioned above .

As further support for the Base Estimate , the SAB-EEAC advised in their recent report that the EPA `` continue to use a wage-risk-based VSL as its Base Estimate , including appropriate sensitivity analyses to reflect the uncertainty of these estimates , '' and that `` the only risk characteristic for which adjustments to the VSL can be made is the timing of the risk '' ( EPA-SAB-EEAC-00-013 ) .
as further support for the base estimate , the sab-eeac advised in their recent report that the epa `` continue to use a wage-risk-based vsl as its base estimate , including appropriate sensitivity analyses to reflect the uncertainty of these estimates , '' and that `` the only risk characteristic for which [changes] to the vsl can be made is the timing of the risk '' ( epa-sab-eeac-00-013 ) .

Adjustments for Changes in Income Over Time Recent SAB deliberations on mortality and morbidity valuation approaches suggest that some adjustments to unit values are appropriate to reflect economic theory ( EPA-SAB-EEAC-00-013 , 2000 ) .
[changes] for changes in income over time recent sab deliberations on mortality and morbidity valuation approaches suggest that some [changes] to unit values are appropriate to reflect economic theory ( epa-sab-eeac-00-013 , 2000 ) .

Note that no adjustments were made to benefits based on the cost-of-illness approach or to work loss days .
note that no [changes] were made to benefits based on the cost-of-illness approach or to work loss days .

This value reflects both the 5-year lag adjustment and the adjustments for changes in real income over time that are included in the mortality valuation in our national benefits summaries .
this value reflects both the 5-year lag adjustment and the [changes] for changes in real income over time that are included in the mortality valuation in our national benefits summaries .

For example , we make adjustments to the mortality valuation estimates to account for the estimated lag between exposure and manifestation of the effect , reflecting the basic economic tenet that individuals prefer benefits that occur sooner to those that occur later .
for example , we make [changes] to the mortality valuation estimates to account for the estimated lag between exposure and manifestation of the effect , reflecting the basic economic tenet that individuals prefer benefits that occur sooner to those that occur later .

We also make adjustments to account for expected changes in WTP over time as per capita income increases .
we also make [changes] to account for expected changes in wtp over time as per capita income increases .

This C-R function is a reasonable specification to explore the impact of adjustments for broad regional correlations .
this c-r function is a reasonable specification to explore the impact of [changes] for broad regional correlations .

The two available sources , both authored by Michael Jones-Lee , derive significantly differing adjustment factors , and reflect reflecting the overall uncertainty within the literature about age-specific VSL adjustments .
the two available sources , both authored by michael jones-lee , derive significantly differing adjustment factors , and reflect reflecting the overall uncertainty within the literature about age-specific vsl [changes] .

B This C-R function is included as a reasonable specification to explore the impact of adjustments for broad regional correlations , which have been identified as important factors in correctly specifying the PM mortality C-R function .
b this c-r function is included as a reasonable specification to explore the impact of [changes] for broad regional correlations , which have been identified as important factors in correctly specifying the pm mortality c-r function .

B This C-R function is included as a reasonable specification to explore the impact of adjustments for broad regional correlations , which have been identified as important factors in correctly specifying the PM mortality C-R function .
b this c-r function is included as a reasonable specification to explore the impact of [changes] for broad regional correlations , which have been identified as important factors in correctly specifying the pm mortality c-r function .

One important assumption that we adopted for the threshold sensitivity analysis is that no adjustments are made to the shape of the concentration-response function above the assumed threshold .
one important assumption that we adopted for the threshold sensitivity analysis is that no [changes] are made to the shape of the concentration-response function above the assumed threshold .

The Administrator , in the Administrator 's sole discretion , may exclude periods during which a unit is shutdown for a continuous period of four calendar months or longer , and make appropriate adjustments under this paragraph .
the administrator , in the administrator 's sole discretion , may exclude periods during which a unit is shutdown for a continuous period of four calendar months or longer , and make appropriate [changes] under this paragraph .

In our previous paper , we made adjustments to the model to allow for comparison with Poste Italiane .
in our previous paper , we made [changes] to the model to allow for comparison with poste italiane .

In particular , adjustments were made for differences in labor cost , amount of worksharing , and mix of mail by shape.1 In this paper , we add an adjustment for counter costs.2 The resulting model estimate of Poste Italiane 's unit cost is 74 cents versus the actual value of 79 cents .
in particular , [changes] were made for differences in labor cost , amount of worksharing , and mix of mail by shape.1 in this paper , we add an adjustment for counter costs.2 the resulting model estimate of poste italiane 's unit cost is 74 cents versus the actual value of 79 cents .

ADJUSTMENTS To estimate the cost of a post using the model , it is necessary to take into account labor cost differences between the U.S .
[changes] to estimate the cost of a post using the model , it is necessary to take into account labor cost differences between the u.s .

It appears that other factors , for which adjustments are not made , do not cause significant differences .
it appears that other factors , for which [changes] are not made , do not cause significant differences .

ESTIMATED UNIT COSTS In order to compare unit costs , it is desirable to make the adjustments we have discussed above plus an adjustment for productive hourly wage in purchasing power parities ( PPP ) .
estimated unit costs in order to compare unit costs , it is desirable to make the [changes] we have discussed above plus an adjustment for productive hourly wage in purchasing power parities ( ppp ) .

Data for these adjustments were not available , except for Italy .
data for these [changes] were not available , except for italy .

The U.S. values used in making adjustments for Poste Italiane data are listed in the appendix .
the u.s. values used in making [changes] for poste italiane data are listed in the appendix .

Regulators and operators in any industrialized country are encouraged to use the data in the appendix on U.S. cost characteristics to make adjustments to the model and determine if the model forecasts costs with reasonable accuracy .
regulators and operators in any industrialized country are encouraged to use the data in the appendix on u.s. cost characteristics to make [changes] to the model and determine if the model forecasts costs with reasonable accuracy .

Of course , we would not expect exact correspondence even after adjustments are made owing to differences in efficiency and service quality .
of course , we would not expect exact correspondence even after [changes] are made owing to differences in efficiency and service quality .

The model is validated for Poste Italiane by making adjustments for major differences in the two posts , such as the extent of worksharing .
the model is validated for poste italiane by making [changes] for major differences in the two posts , such as the extent of worksharing .

Postal Service than for Poste Italiane ( assuming adjustments for scale ) .
postal service than for poste italiane ( assuming [changes] for scale ) .

F = USPS Fixed Cost for FY 1999 nd = Subscript that indicates non-delivery component of a cost or volume NDC = Total Non-Delivery Cost P = 1999 U.S. Population Q = Quantity ( Volume ) per capita Q0 = USPS Volume per capita for FY 1999 TC = Total Cost V = USPS Variable Cost for FY 1999 Adjustments for differences between the USPS and Poste Italiane Significant differences in the composition of mail and labor costs exist between USPS and Poste Italiane .
f = usps fixed cost for fy 1999 nd = subscript that indicates non-delivery component of a cost or volume ndc = total non-delivery cost p = 1999 u.s. population q = quantity ( volume ) per capita q0 = usps volume per capita for fy 1999 tc = total cost v = usps variable cost for fy 1999 [changes] for differences between the usps and poste italiane significant differences in the composition of mail and labor costs exist between usps and poste italiane .

A much better approach would be to allow the Postal Service to make adjustments first .
a much better approach would be to allow the postal service to make [changes] first .

The MBMFC rule requires a substantial portion of the mail volume to be sent at high First-Class rates , instead of at the lower Standard-A rates , even though the senders may not value the high service levels or the special features of Class.6 If the rule were eliminated , the Postal Service would lose a large portion of its revenue , immediately , with little or no reduction in cost , and rate adjustments would have to be made .
the mbmfc rule requires a substantial portion of the mail volume to be sent at high first-class rates , instead of at the lower standard-a rates , even though the senders may not value the high service levels or the special features of class.6 if the rule were eliminated , the postal service would lose a large portion of its revenue , immediately , with little or no reduction in cost , and rate [changes] would have to be made .

Note that the effects of Postal Service adjustments could be substantial and widespread , not only on mailers who have invested heavily around the present structure of products and rates , but also on such competitors as newspapers .
note that the effects of postal service [changes] could be substantial and widespread , not only on mailers who have invested heavily around the present structure of products and rates , but also on such competitors as newspapers .

According to rate case figures , this would provide additional revenues of about $ 70 million , but one would expect associated adjustments that went beyond this figure .
according to rate case figures , this would provide additional revenues of about $ 70 million , but one would expect associated [changes] that went beyond this figure .

Then the Postal Service could make wide-ranging adjustments of the rates in the subclass , including contract rates for some of the subclass users , as long as the average rate for the subclass does not go below the inverse cap .
then the postal service could make wide-ranging [changes] of the rates in the subclass , including contract rates for some of the subclass users , as long as the average rate for the subclass does not go below the inverse cap .

Further analysis is needed of the benefits of the current system relative to the benefits of an alternative system , and of whether some of the benefits of an alternative system can be obtained by making adjustments to the current system .
further analysis is needed of the benefits of the current system relative to the benefits of an alternative system , and of whether some of the benefits of an alternative system can be obtained by making [changes] to the current system .

Conclusion : Rate and service adjustments agreed upon by the Postal Service and mailers are legally authorized if three conditions are satisfied : ❶ The proposal is reviewed in a public proceeding , as the Reorganization Act requires ; ❷ The agreed-upon rate and service changes will work to the mutual benefit of mail users and the postal system as a whole ; and 15 Docket No .
conclusion : rate and service [changes] agreed upon by the postal service and mailers are legally authorized if three conditions are satisfied : ❶ the proposal is reviewed in a public proceeding , as the reorganization act requires ; ❷ the agreed-upon rate and service changes will work to the mutual benefit of mail users and the postal system as a whole ; and 15 docket no .

During rate cases , the Postal Rate Commission has sometimes made adjustments to Postal Service costing .
during rate cases , the postal rate commission has sometimes made [changes] to postal service costing .

Several decisions had to be made about how various adjustments would be handled .
several decisions had to be made about how various [changes] would be handled .

Americans should not settle for incremental , ad hoc adjustments to a system designed generations ago for a world that no longer exists .
americans should not settle for incremental , ad hoc [changes] to a system designed generations ago for a world that no longer exists .

He had to make other adjustments as well , for some al Qaeda members viewed Bin Ladin 's return to Afghanistan as occasion to go off in their own directions .
he had to make other [changes] as well , for some al qaeda members viewed bin ladin 's return to afghanistan as occasion to go off in their own directions .

The purpose of all this training was twofold : to develop an institutional capacity for document forgery and to enable operatives to make necessary adjustments in the field .
the purpose of all this training was twofold : to develop an institutional capacity for document forgery and to enable operatives to make necessary [changes] in the field .

Our first implementation of the method resulted in a number of false alarms , and highlights the need for systematic data quality checks and the analytic adjustments described above .
our first implementation of the method resulted in a number of false alarms , and highlights the need for systematic data quality checks and the analytic [changes] described above .

These time-delayed free-access journals are helpful for course adjustments in the subsequent academic year , but not the current semester .
these time-delayed free-access journals are helpful for course [changes] in the subsequent academic year , but not the current semester .

His physical demonstrations with Balinese masks , carved into iconic images of happiness , sadness , or anger , gave the audience insight into the variety of subtle expression that could be attributed to the mask with simple postural adjustments .
his physical demonstrations with balinese masks , carved into iconic images of happiness , sadness , or anger , gave the audience insight into the variety of subtle expression that could be attributed to the mask with simple postural [changes] .

She knows that the year 2000 arrives at least 2,005 years after Christ was actually born ; that due to an error in calculation stemming from medieval ignorance of the number zero , the new millennium does n't start till next year ; that the Gregorian calendar is filled with arbitrary adjustments and slippages ; and so forth .
she knows that the year 2000 arrives at least 2,005 years after christ was actually born ; that due to an error in calculation stemming from medieval ignorance of the number zero , the new millennium does n't start till next year ; that the gregorian calendar is filled with arbitrary [changes] and slippages ; and so forth .

These included a 20 percent increase in Social Security benefits , plus automatic cost-of-living adjustments ; the `` black lung '' disability benefit program for miners ; and creation of the Environmental Protection Agency as well as the Occupational Safety and Health Administration .
these included a 20 percent increase in social security benefits , plus automatic cost-of-living [changes] ; the `` black lung '' disability benefit program for miners ; and creation of the environmental protection agency as well as the occupational safety and health administration .

We could go on at length about whether workers should have received even more , or what adjustments one might make to that number to move it down ( or up ) a bit , but by any calculation I can make , the overwhelming picture is one of convergence between wages in the tigers and in the West through a process of leveling up , not leveling down .
we could go on at length about whether workers should have received even more , or what [changes] one might make to that number to move it down ( or up ) a bit , but by any calculation i can make , the overwhelming picture is one of convergence between wages in the tigers and in the west through a process of leveling up , not leveling down .

Adjustments in managed care need to be made -- and under pressure from consumers and their representatives in Congress , they are already being made .
[changes] in managed care need to be made -- and under pressure from consumers and their representatives in congress , they are already being made .

All papers expect the Fed to hue to its `` neutral bias '' by indicating no predisposition toward a future rate adjustments .
all papers expect the fed to hue to its `` neutral bias '' by indicating no predisposition toward a future rate [changes] .

The Times wonders whether the adjustments will hurt oversize vehicle sales , but goes on to observe that their owners are perhaps too prosperous to be affected , reporting that the typical Chevrolet Suburban buyer is now more affluent than the typical Cadillac buyer , and that the average household buying a Range Rover or Lexus LX450 makes $ 360,000 a year .
the times wonders whether the [changes] will hurt oversize vehicle sales , but goes on to observe that their owners are perhaps too prosperous to be affected , reporting that the typical chevrolet suburban buyer is now more affluent than the typical cadillac buyer , and that the average household buying a range rover or lexus lx450 makes $ 360,000 a year .

As stores merge , buyers for titans such as Saks change the course of fashion by telling designers what sells and demanding practical adjustments to runway designs .
as stores merge , buyers for titans such as saks change the course of fashion by telling designers what sells and demanding practical [changes] to runway designs .

Because it is so central to the way they do business … it will be very hard for this company to make slight adjustments to their behavior and in any way comply with the spirit of the antitrust law . ''
because it is so central to the way they do business … it will be very hard for this company to make slight [changes] to their behavior and in any way comply with the spirit of the antitrust law . ''

These would be minor adjustments : New York City is basically not in the business of producing physical objects .
these would be minor [changes] : new york city is basically not in the business of producing physical objects .

Typically , a pilot programs the FMS before takeoff , entering landmarks , altitude , and desired speed ; during flight , the FMS uses instrument readings and radio signals from fixed points on the ground to figure out what adjustments are needed to meet the flight plan .
typically , a pilot programs the fms before takeoff , entering landmarks , altitude , and desired speed ; during flight , the fms uses instrument readings and radio signals from fixed points on the ground to figure out what [changes] are needed to meet the flight plan .

If a human is in command , he or she must make the changes by hand ; with the autopilot engaged , these adjustments are made automatically .
if a human is in command , he or she must make the changes by hand ; with the autopilot engaged , these [changes] are made automatically .

Autopilots also improve fuel efficiency and passenger comfort , since the adjustments made by an autopilot are more subtle and accurate than those made by hand .
autopilots also improve fuel efficiency and passenger comfort , since the [changes] made by an autopilot are more subtle and accurate than those made by hand .

Pilots also take command in turbulence since an autopilot would waste fuel and possibly exacerbate the bumps by making many adjustments to keep the plane on a steady course .
pilots also take command in turbulence since an autopilot would waste fuel and possibly exacerbate the bumps by making many [changes] to keep the plane on a steady course .

Most of the growth in learning disability adjustments , which schools approve based on a doctor 's note or psychologist 's recommendation , comes from ritzy prep and public schools .
most of the growth in learning disability [changes] , which schools approve based on a doctor 's note or psychologist 's recommendation , comes from ritzy prep and public schools .

Prudence hopes and believes that if the number of people significantly worse off turns out to be large , adjustments will be made in the program .
prudence hopes and believes that if the number of people significantly worse off turns out to be large , [changes] will be made in the program .

He intends to make only minor adjustments in his February budget proposal , fixes that will purport to keep the system solvent for 10 years .
he intends to make only minor [changes] in his february budget proposal , fixes that will purport to keep the system solvent for 10 years .

The only way God could have ensured the appearance of creatures in his own image was by repeatedly intervening and making adjustments to steer the evolution of the world away from lifeless disaster .
the only way god could have ensured the appearance of creatures in his own image was by repeatedly intervening and making [changes] to steer the evolution of the world away from lifeless disaster .

Problem 2 , that Social Security will run dry many decades from now , depends on essentially impossible predictions about the distant future and , in any case , can be solved by very minor adjustments , if they 're made pretty soon .
problem 2 , that social security will run dry many decades from now , depends on essentially impossible predictions about the distant future and , in any case , can be solved by very minor [changes] , if they 're made pretty soon .

Much would come in the form of reduced Social Security benefits , notably accelerated increases in the retirement age and a one-percentage-point cut in annual cost-of-living benefit adjustments .
much would come in the form of reduced social security benefits , notably accelerated increases in the retirement age and a one-percentage-point cut in annual cost-of-living benefit [changes] .

Today , albeit with certain adjustments , we can read the writings of Shakespeare and , with somewhat more sophisticated adaptation , those of Chaucer , though they are , respectively , 400 and 550 years old .
today , albeit with certain [changes] , we can read the writings of shakespeare and , with somewhat more sophisticated adaptation , those of chaucer , though they are , respectively , 400 and 550 years old .

