The Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions is expected to receive the report this week .
the advisory committee on [managing] and budgetary questions is expected to receive the report this week .

-- Governor Tawes today appointed Lloyd L. Simpkins , his administrative assistant , as Maryland's Secretary of State .
-- governor tawes today appointed lloyd l. simpkins , his [managing] assistant , as maryland's secretary of state .

A publicity release from Oregon Physicians Service , of which Harvey is president , quoted him as saying the welfare office move to Salem , instead of `` crippling '' the agency , had provided an avenue to correct administrative weaknesses , with the key being improved communications between F & A and the commission staff .
a publicity release from oregon physicians service , of which harvey is president , quoted him as saying the welfare office move to salem , instead of `` crippling '' the agency , had provided an avenue to correct [managing] weaknesses , with the key being improved communications between f & a and the commission staff .

Commenting on the earlier stage , the Notre Dame Chapter of the American Association of University Professors ( in a recent report on the question of faculty participation in administrative decision-making ) noted that the term `` teacher-employee '' ( as opposed to , e.g. , `` maintenance employee '' ) was a not inapt description .
commenting on the earlier stage , the notre dame chapter of the american association of university professors ( in a recent report on the question of faculty participation in [managing] decision-making ) noted that the term `` teacher-employee '' ( as opposed to , e.g. , `` maintenance employee '' ) was a not inapt description .

After the Berlin blockade and airlift , the Council of Foreign Ministers in 1949 declared a purpose `` to mitigate the effects of the present administrative division of Germany and of Berlin '' .
after the berlin blockade and airlift , the council of foreign ministers in 1949 declared a purpose `` to mitigate the effects of the present [managing] division of germany and of berlin '' .

The integrity of the office not merely requires that the Secretary General shall be , as the Charter puts it , `` the chief administrative officer of the Organization '' , but that neither he nor his staff shall seek or receive instructions from any government or any other authority `` external to the Organization '' .
the integrity of the office not merely requires that the secretary general shall be , as the charter puts it , `` the chief [managing] officer of the organization '' , but that neither he nor his staff shall seek or receive instructions from any government or any other authority `` external to the organization '' .

Thus there is a clearer division of authority , administrative and legislative .
thus there is a clearer division of authority , [managing] and legislative .

administrative organization and delicate diplomatic relations with Top Brass -- British , American and Chinese ; ;
[managing] organization and delicate diplomatic relations with top brass -- british , american and chinese ; ;

This news , announced by Jerome Toobin , the orchestra's administrative director , brought applause from the 2,800 persons who filled the hall .
this news , announced by jerome toobin , the orchestra's [managing] director , brought applause from the 2,800 persons who filled the hall .

Can your insurance company aid you in reducing administrative costs ? ?
can your insurance company aid you in reducing [managing] costs ? ?

Have you checked the cost of subcontracting your cafeteria operation in order to save administrative costs ? ?
have you checked the cost of subcontracting your cafeteria operation in order to save [managing] costs ? ?

and an administrative organization to take the routine load away from department managers and project engineers as much as possible , thus allowing them more time for strictly technical work .
and an [managing] organization to take the routine load away from department managers and project engineers as much as possible , thus allowing them more time for strictly technical work .

This was my second day in Vientiane , the administrative capital of Laos , and my thoughts were none too brave .
this was my second day in vientiane , the [managing] capital of laos , and my thoughts were none too brave .

In the matter of money State's most unrelenting watchdog during the Eisenhower years was Representative John J. Rooney , of Brooklyn , who controlled the purse for diplomatic administrative expenses .
in the matter of money state's most unrelenting watchdog during the eisenhower years was representative john j. rooney , of brooklyn , who controlled the purse for diplomatic [managing] expenses .

SBA offers Administrative Management Courses , which are designed to improve the management efficiency and `` know-how '' of small business concerns within a community .
sba offers [managing] management courses , which are designed to improve the management efficiency and `` know-how '' of small business concerns within a community .

and administrative practices which will make possible the more effective review and implementation of programs once established .
and [managing] practices which will make possible the more effective review and implementation of programs once established .

In many societies , what we regard as corruption , favoritism , and personal influence are so accepted as consistent with the mores of officialdom and so integral a part of routine administrative practice that any attempt to force their elimination will be regarded by the local leadership as not only unwarranted but unfriendly .
in many societies , what we regard as corruption , favoritism , and personal influence are so accepted as consistent with the mores of officialdom and so integral a part of routine [managing] practice that any attempt to force their elimination will be regarded by the local leadership as not only unwarranted but unfriendly .

The meaningful policies governing the purchase , assignment , use and management of state vehicles have been shaped by the state's administrative officers .
the meaningful policies governing the purchase , assignment , use and management of state vehicles have been shaped by the state's [managing] officers .

Travel allowances , including subsistence , have been revised by administrative officials recently and compare favorably with other states' allowances .
travel allowances , including subsistence , have been revised by [managing] officials recently and compare favorably with other states' allowances .

Probably the most important of all matters for review are the broad administrative policies governing the purchase , assignment , use , and management of state vehicles .
probably the most important of all matters for review are the broad [managing] policies governing the purchase , assignment , use , and management of state vehicles .

The more meaningful policies have been left to the judgment of the chief administrative officer of the state -- the Director of Administration .
the more meaningful policies have been left to the judgment of the chief [managing] officer of the state -- the director of administration .

The Commission shall comply with the provisons of the Administrative Procedure Act of 1946 except as otherwise specifically provided by this title .
the commission shall comply with the provisons of the [managing] procedure act of 1946 except as otherwise specifically provided by this title .

These amendments to the Vocational Rehabilitation Act were designed to help provide for more specialized rehabilitation facilities , for more sheltered and `` half-way '' workshops , for greater numbers of adequately trained personnel , for more comprehensive services to individuals ( particularly to the homebound and the blind ) , and for other administrative improvements to increase the program's overall effectiveness .
these amendments to the vocational rehabilitation act were designed to help provide for more specialized rehabilitation facilities , for more sheltered and `` half-way '' workshops , for greater numbers of adequately trained personnel , for more comprehensive services to individuals ( particularly to the homebound and the blind ) , and for other [managing] improvements to increase the program's overall effectiveness .

Held : On the record in this case , the administrative procedures prescribed by the Act were fully complied with ; ;
held : on the record in this case , the [managing] procedures prescribed by the act were fully complied with ; ;

Petitioner was not denied due process in the administrative proceedings , because the statement in question was in his file , to which he had access , and he had opportunities to rebut it both before the hearing officer of the Department of Justice and before the appeal board .
petitioner was not denied due process in the [managing] proceedings , because the statement in question was in his file , to which he had access , and he had opportunities to rebut it both before the hearing officer of the department of justice and before the appeal board .

Petitioner was not entitled , either in the administrative hearing at the Department of Justice or at his trial , to inspect the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation , since he was furnished a resume of it , did not challenge its accuracy , and showed no particular need for the original report .
petitioner was not entitled , either in the [managing] hearing at the department of justice or at his trial , to inspect the original report of the federal bureau of investigation , since he was furnished a resume of it , did not challenge its accuracy , and showed no particular need for the original report .

The trial judge decided that the administrative procedures of the Act were fully complied with and refused to require the production of such documents .
the trial judge decided that the [managing] procedures of the act were fully complied with and refused to require the production of such documents .

Upon administrative approval of the reclassification , he was ordered to report for induction on June 11 , 1956 , but failed to do so .
upon [managing] approval of the reclassification , he was ordered to report for induction on june 11 , 1956 , but failed to do so .

While there are now allegations of the withholding of `` favorable evidence developed at the hearing '' and a denial of a `` full and fair hearing '' , no such claim was made by petitioner at any stage of the administrative process .
while there are now allegations of the withholding of `` favorable evidence developed at the hearing '' and a denial of a `` full and fair hearing '' , no such claim was made by petitioner at any stage of the [managing] process .

The problem in the policy officer's mind thus begins to take shape as a galaxy of utterly complicated factors -- political , military , economic , financial , legal , legislative , procedural , administrative -- to be sorted out and handled within a political system which moves by consent in relation to an external environment which cannot be under control .
the problem in the policy officer's mind thus begins to take shape as a galaxy of utterly complicated factors -- political , military , economic , financial , legal , legislative , procedural , [managing] -- to be sorted out and handled within a political system which moves by consent in relation to an external environment which cannot be under control .

Meanwhile , the Peace Corps could be physically located in ICA's facilities and depend on the State Department and ICA for administrative support and , when needed , program assistance .
meanwhile , the peace corps could be physically located in ica's facilities and depend on the state department and ica for [managing] support and , when needed , program assistance .

Revise and complete wildlife habitat management and improvement plans for all administrative units , assuring proper coordination between wildlife habitat management and other resources .
revise and complete wildlife habitat management and improvement plans for all [managing] units , assuring proper coordination between wildlife habitat management and other resources .

The rupee equivalent of $63.8 million , but not more than 5 percent of the currencies received under the Agreement will be used for loans to be made by the Export-Import Bank of Washington under Section 104 ( E ) of the Agricultural Trade Development and Assistance Act , as amended ( hereinafter referred to as the Act ) , and for administrative expenses of the Export-Import Bank of Washington in India incident thereto .
the rupee equivalent of $63.8 million , but not more than 5 percent of the currencies received under the agreement will be used for loans to be made by the export-import bank of washington under section 104 ( e ) of the agricultural trade development and assistance act , as amended ( hereinafter referred to as the act ) , and for [managing] expenses of the export-import bank of washington in india incident thereto .

The present Secretary General has been the Foundation's principal administrative officer continuously since the Foundation's establishment thirty-five years ago .
the present secretary general has been the foundation's principal [managing] officer continuously since the foundation's establishment thirty-five years ago .

He may welcome their appropriate participation in the determination of high policy , but he has a right to expect , in return , that they will leave administrative matters to the administration .
he may welcome their appropriate participation in the determination of high policy , but he has a right to expect , in return , that they will leave [managing] matters to the administration .

The critical task for every president and his academic administrative staff is to assure that the college or university continually rebuilds and regenerates itself so that its performance will match changing social demands .
the critical task for every president and his academic [managing] staff is to assure that the college or university continually rebuilds and regenerates itself so that its performance will match changing social demands .

To provide the continuous flow of information basic to administrative decisions , a number of institutions have established offices of institutional research .
to provide the continuous flow of information basic to [managing] decisions , a number of institutions have established offices of institutional research .

It should also be recognized that the problem of rural tenancy cannot be solved by administrative decrees alone .
it should also be recognized that the problem of rural tenancy cannot be solved by [managing] decrees alone .

There remain many political and administrative problems to be solved .
there remain many political and [managing] problems to be solved .

But it places a severe strain on the administrative resources ( already burdened in other ways ) of a widely dispersed , poor and largely illiterate population .
but it places a severe strain on the [managing] resources ( already burdened in other ways ) of a widely dispersed , poor and largely illiterate population .

The AIMO organizations of both countries , which maintain administrative services throughout the territories , retained immediate responsibility for the collection and publication of demographic information .
the aimo organizations of both countries , which maintain [managing] services throughout the territories , retained immediate responsibility for the collection and publication of demographic information .

The term enquetes demographiques , previously used for the supplementary investigations carried out in connection with the administrative censuses , was used for the new investigations .
the term enquetes demographiques , previously used for the supplementary investigations carried out in connection with the [managing] censuses , was used for the new investigations .

Field operations were transferred from administrative personnel primarily engaged in other tasks to specially trained teams of full-time African investigators ( three teams , each working in two provinces ) .
field operations were transferred from [managing] personnel primarily engaged in other tasks to specially trained teams of full-time african investigators ( three teams , each working in two provinces ) .

These changes represent , in effect , a shift from ( 1 ) an administrative compilation of data obtained through procedures designed primarily to serve political and economic objectives to ( 2 ) a systematic sampling census of the whole African population .
these changes represent , in effect , a shift from ( 1 ) an [managing] compilation of data obtained through procedures designed primarily to serve political and economic objectives to ( 2 ) a systematic sampling census of the whole african population .

Administrative restrictions necessitated the smaller sample size in the structured schools .
[managing] restrictions necessitated the smaller sample size in the structured schools .

Centrally , however , the administrative problem was more complex and the sheer prestige of office was very likely an unfair advantage .
centrally , however , the [managing] problem was more complex and the sheer prestige of office was very likely an unfair advantage .

There were three major administrative tasks : the fixing of electoral districts , the registration of voters and the registration of candidates .
there were three major [managing] tasks : the fixing of electoral districts , the registration of voters and the registration of candidates .

To free the factors of production was a major objective of the rising bourgeoisie , and this objective required that governmental authority -- administrative officials and judges -- be limited as precisely and explicitly as possible ; ;
to free the factors of production was a major objective of the rising bourgeoisie , and this objective required that governmental authority -- [managing] officials and judges -- be limited as precisely and explicitly as possible ; ;

The commission had issued an administrative order which was challenged as discriminatory against Negroes .
the commission had issued an [managing] order which was challenged as discriminatory against negroes .

The same rule of specialization and division of labor guides him in the FELA certiorari cases , in the administrative law area , and indeed in the whole realm of judicial review .
the same rule of specialization and division of labor guides him in the fela certiorari cases , in the [managing] law area , and indeed in the whole realm of judicial review .

Next , let us consider briefly the program and administrative implications of a failure on our part to pursue our appeals .
next , let us consider briefly the program and [managing] implications of a failure on our part to pursue our appeals .

The public interest is so dominant in such an issue that I cannot be so presumptuous as to attempt to settle it by an administrative order based upon conclusions reached in a summary action in one or two Superior Courts in the State .
the public interest is so dominant in such an issue that i cannot be so presumptuous as to attempt to settle it by an [managing] order based upon conclusions reached in a summary action in one or two superior courts in the state .

The impact of noncompliance under the Wagner-Peyser Act is clear : the withdrawal of some $11 million a year of administrative funds which finance our employment service program or , as a corollary , the taking over by the Federal Government of its operation .
the impact of noncompliance under the wagner-peyser act is clear : the withdrawal of some $11 million a year of [managing] funds which finance our employment service program or , as a corollary , the taking over by the federal government of its operation .

He was asked to produce a gaol so that the town could justify the return of the court , which was the administrative centre of the old town .
he was asked to produce a gaol so that the town could justify the return of the court , which was the [managing] centre of the old town .

The , like the administrative people have to deal with your three pounds . That is
the , like the [managing] people have to deal with your three pounds . that is

The move followed the loss of 589 jobs at the plant on Friday as a third of the workforce across the financially-stricken company was made redundant by administrative receivers .
the move followed the loss of 589 jobs at the plant on friday as a third of the workforce across the financially-stricken company was made redundant by [managing] receivers .

Likewise , the promise to cut administrative costs by 14 per cent over four years will play well in Peoria , as long as nobody notices that the federal staff is being reduced by only 4.7 per cent ( and those who go need pensions and benefits from the Treasury , still . )
likewise , the promise to cut [managing] costs by 14 per cent over four years will play well in peoria , as long as nobody notices that the federal staff is being reduced by only 4.7 per cent ( and those who go need pensions and benefits from the treasury , still . )

That is because the Government is committed to paying a proportion of the administrative costs of the social chapter , whether Britain adopts it or not .
that is because the government is committed to paying a proportion of the [managing] costs of the social chapter , whether britain adopts it or not .

The Scottish Office consultation document on plans to dismantle the present two-tier structure of councils makes proposals for fundamental political and administrative reform in a quite cursory way , they state .
the scottish office consultation document on plans to dismantle the present two-tier structure of councils makes proposals for fundamental political and [managing] reform in a quite cursory way , they state .

The book , From Rates to the Poll Tax , describes the community charge system as being fraught with administrative difficulties and expensive to operate .
the book , from rates to the poll tax , describes the community charge system as being fraught with [managing] difficulties and expensive to operate .

What it is is a statement of what is an administrative imperative .
what it is is a statement of what is an [managing] imperative .

Work handled in London and Ipswich is also being switched to Lytham as part of a reorganisation that will see all the administrative and servicing work for life and pensions handled in Lancashire .
work handled in london and ipswich is also being switched to lytham as part of a reorganisation that will see all the [managing] and servicing work for life and pensions handled in lancashire .

And they have suggested that far from solving the commission 's problem over lost income it will create more administrative difficulties — especially for auction markets .
and they have suggested that far from solving the commission 's problem over lost income it will create more [managing] difficulties — especially for auction markets .

Ralph Preece , administrative receiver from Touche Ross , said there had been 145 over Darlington-based Stepfind Ltd , which owns four nursing homes in the region .
ralph preece , [managing] receiver from touche ross , said there had been 145 over darlington-based stepfind ltd , which owns four nursing homes in the region .

The first phase , to provide 18 bedrooms , a day centre and administrative offices will be opened in April .
the first phase , to provide 18 bedrooms , a day centre and [managing] offices will be opened in april .

The company 's bankers have appointed Michael Appleby and David Wood of accountant Latham Crossley & Davis as joint administrative receivers .
the company 's bankers have appointed michael appleby and david wood of accountant latham crossley & davis as joint [managing] receivers .

Mr Frank Taylor wants Durham county police committee to agree a £259,000 increase in police spending for the financial year 1993/94 , to pay for the salaries of 20 administrative staff .
mr frank taylor wants durham county police committee to agree a £259,000 increase in police spending for the financial year 1993/94 , to pay for the salaries of 20 [managing] staff .

As at least four other Darlington Labour councillors have received Mr Major 's plea , a fifth of the ruling group , it begins to look as if the wheels may have fallen off the Conservative administrative process altogether .
as at least four other darlington labour councillors have received mr major 's plea , a fifth of the ruling group , it begins to look as if the wheels may have fallen off the conservative [managing] process altogether .

When the administrative officer at the foundation , which works with the disabled , carried out a check , the discrepancies had come to light .
when the [managing] officer at the foundation , which works with the disabled , carried out a check , the discrepancies had come to light .

Amid the continuing row over the move , Mr Lamont said it would be expensive , inappropriate and an administrative nightmare to achieve .
amid the continuing row over the move , mr lamont said it would be expensive , inappropriate and an [managing] nightmare to achieve .

The administrative assistant snapped when he missed promotion after he received bad reports from his 28-year-old superior who , he thought , treated him like dirt , the court was told .
the [managing] assistant snapped when he missed promotion after he received bad reports from his 28-year-old superior who , he thought , treated him like dirt , the court was told .

After the war , he joined the Colonial Administrative Service and spent two years in Palestine before serving six years as political officer and assistant secretary in the then Protectorate and Colony of Aden .
after the war , he joined the colonial [managing] service and spent two years in palestine before serving six years as political officer and assistant secretary in the then protectorate and colony of aden .

Administrative blunders and a four-year delay in settling the dispute were described yesterday as a scandal by union leaders involved in the battle .
[managing] blunders and a four-year delay in settling the dispute were described yesterday as a scandal by union leaders involved in the battle .

In the first such move since the 1989 ‘ velvet revolution ’ against communism , the administrative board of Czech television recommended that the video of the song Laska je Laska ( Love is Love ) not be shown before 10pm .
in the first such move since the 1989 ‘ velvet revolution ’ against communism , the [managing] board of czech television recommended that the video of the song laska je laska ( love is love ) not be shown before 10pm .

It has found that all of the councils should have the necessary administrative arrangements in place to issue bills no later than the end of April and to begin enforcement action by May or early June .
it has found that all of the councils should have the necessary [managing] arrangements in place to issue bills no later than the end of april and to begin enforcement action by may or early june .

Yesterday , Mr Lamont outlined a series of proposals which will affect more than 100,000 small businesses , slashing the administrative burden for many .
yesterday , mr lamont outlined a series of proposals which will affect more than 100,000 small businesses , slashing the [managing] burden for many .

The Chancellor 's aim is to reduce the administrative burden on small businesses , and the reform will be accompanied by a document examining the need for the statutory audit for small incorporated businesses .
the chancellor 's aim is to reduce the [managing] burden on small businesses , and the reform will be accompanied by a document examining the need for the statutory audit for small incorporated businesses .

In turn Lord Ferrers has suggested Durham Constabulary should employ civilians to carry out administrative posts .
in turn lord ferrers has suggested durham constabulary should employ civilians to carry out [managing] posts .

Mr Tabiner , originally from Blackburn , was deputy director of legal and administrative services at Sefton metropolitan borough council in Merseyside a unitary authority with a population of 300,000 and whose responsibilities included education and social services .
mr tabiner , originally from blackburn , was deputy director of legal and [managing] services at sefton metropolitan borough council in merseyside a unitary authority with a population of 300,000 and whose responsibilities included education and social services .

Post Office management say the mix-up was the result of an administrative error .
post office management say the mix-up was the result of an [managing] error .

Muir , omitted from the event last year after an administrative error , needed just 15 ends to help heal the wounds as he sent New Zealand 's Gary Lawson tumbling out of the championship .
muir , omitted from the event last year after an [managing] error , needed just 15 ends to help heal the wounds as he sent new zealand 's gary lawson tumbling out of the championship .

We paid for it ourselves , but covered expenses by cutting soul-destroying administrative jobs which only involved keying in names .
we paid for it ourselves , but covered expenses by cutting soul-destroying [managing] jobs which only involved keying in names .

Administrative posts have been snapped up by stockbrokers and merchant bankers .
[managing] posts have been snapped up by stockbrokers and merchant bankers .

Government statistics show that 74 per cent of women in managerial and administrative positions have no children , and that is hardly likely to be a coincidence .
government statistics show that 74 per cent of women in managerial and [managing] positions have no children , and that is hardly likely to be a coincidence .

As it is , women hold barely more than a quarter of all managerial and administrative posts , yet make up nearly half the workforce .
as it is , women hold barely more than a quarter of all managerial and [managing] posts , yet make up nearly half the workforce .

At 81 , he has taken over as artistic director at Rome Opera , where the exuberant administrative director , Gian Paulo Cresci , has run up a deficit of close to £25 million .
at 81 , he has taken over as artistic director at rome opera , where the exuberant [managing] director , gian paulo cresci , has run up a deficit of close to £25 million .

Its artistic and administrative directors were government puppets , the building became shabby , and the audience , never one to leap at innovation , became increasingly sluggish .
its artistic and [managing] directors were government puppets , the building became shabby , and the audience , never one to leap at innovation , became increasingly sluggish .

Its establishment , under chairman Lord Hartington , leaves the Jockey Club , which has run racing since 1752 , with an administrative role responsible for licensing , discipline , integrity and security .
its establishment , under chairman lord hartington , leaves the jockey club , which has run racing since 1752 , with an [managing] role responsible for licensing , discipline , integrity and security .

Telepresence — Live interactive television links , supported by remote display of prerecorded material or by output from computers or laboratory equipment as appropriate , will allow academic and administrative meetings , lectures , seminars and demonstrations to take place with the participants at different geographical locations , saving time and travel costs and opening new opportunities for collaboration .
telepresence — live interactive television links , supported by remote display of prerecorded material or by output from computers or laboratory equipment as appropriate , will allow academic and [managing] meetings , lectures , seminars and demonstrations to take place with the participants at different geographical locations , saving time and travel costs and opening new opportunities for collaboration .

We are grant aided towards our office and our full time Secretary , our development officer and all the administrative costs that are incurred .
we are grant aided towards our office and our full time secretary , our development officer and all the [managing] costs that are incurred .

That in line with the Area Staff Commission and understanding the need to give adequate administrative support on an equitable basis , Regional Coordinators be given a budget of certainly not less in real terms than at present , to allocate to administrative support for regional colleagues wef April 1st , 1993 .
that in line with the area staff commission and understanding the need to give adequate [managing] support on an equitable basis , regional coordinators be given a budget of certainly not less in real terms than at present , to allocate to [managing] support for regional colleagues wef april 1st , 1993 .

It is used for administrative purposes ( bed usage , duration of stay , operations , etc . )
it is used for [managing] purposes ( bed usage , duration of stay , operations , etc . )

It is usually the case that the primaries are geographically distinct and , since not all are to appear in the sample , there is a clear administrative advantage over a sampling scheme involving the whole population of secondaries .
it is usually the case that the primaries are geographically distinct and , since not all are to appear in the sample , there is a clear [managing] advantage over a sampling scheme involving the whole population of secondaries .

Where a hierarchy of units exists , multistage sampling is appropriate and often has administrative advantages .
where a hierarchy of units exists , multistage sampling is appropriate and often has [managing] advantages .

If incidence rather than prevalence is of interest , a longitudinal panel study is essential even though the administrative burden can be heavy .
if incidence rather than prevalence is of interest , a longitudinal panel study is essential even though the [managing] burden can be heavy .

Many National Savings instruments pay tax free interest as this is more sensible than the government paying a higher gross rate of interest and then having the administrative cost of collecting the tax on those interest payments .
many national savings instruments pay tax free interest as this is more sensible than the government paying a higher gross rate of interest and then having the [managing] cost of collecting the tax on those interest payments .

For administrative reasons it would be undesirable for base rates to change every time money market rates changed , but if the change is large enough , then a base rate change becomes necessary .
for [managing] reasons it would be undesirable for base rates to change every time money market rates changed , but if the change is large enough , then a base rate change becomes necessary .

1978 : 128 ) , she maintains that it is ‘ an organization-for-itself ’ ( Skocpol 1979 : 27 ) , which extracts resources from society and uses them to support coercive and administrative organizations .
1978 : 128 ) , she maintains that it is ‘ an organization-for-itself ’ ( skocpol 1979 : 27 ) , which extracts resources from society and uses them to support coercive and [managing] organizations .

In more purely administrative and policy terms , the interests of different state agencies may be in conflict with each other , for example the interest of the treasury ( finance ministry ) and central bank in controlling government expenditure may , and frequently in real states does , conflict with the interests of production ministries such as industry and energy in promoting the development of their sector .
in more purely [managing] and policy terms , the interests of different state agencies may be in conflict with each other , for example the interest of the treasury ( finance ministry ) and central bank in controlling government expenditure may , and frequently in real states does , conflict with the interests of production ministries such as industry and energy in promoting the development of their sector .

For example , the dominant role of the Treasury and the Bank of England in economic policy-making and the absence of administrative counterweights in the ministries concerned with industrial policy is often said to reflect the dominance of British financial capital ( e.g .
for example , the dominant role of the treasury and the bank of england in economic policy-making and the absence of [managing] counterweights in the ministries concerned with industrial policy is often said to reflect the dominance of british financial capital ( e.g .

The corps have become , according to Medhurst ( 1973 : 113 ) , ‘ a means of transforming administrative structures to serve private ends ’ .
the corps have become , according to medhurst ( 1973 : 113 ) , ‘ a means of transforming [managing] structures to serve private ends ’ .

Public enterprises are usually separate from the central administrative bodies and have a legal identity and accounts independent of the central government department to which they are formally accountable ( see , e.g .
public enterprises are usually separate from the central [managing] bodies and have a legal identity and accounts independent of the central government department to which they are formally accountable ( see , e.g .

The breakdown of these main categories of staff , together with administrative and other groups , is given in table 5.3 .
the breakdown of these main categories of staff , together with [managing] and other groups , is given in table 5.3 .

An elaborate structure of consultation has subsequently developed , in which major management decisions with implications for the staff , for example closure plans , service reductions or administrative reorganizations , are discussed at national level and then in greater detail in the regions and areas affected .
an elaborate structure of consultation has subsequently developed , in which major management decisions with implications for the staff , for example closure plans , service reductions or [managing] reorganizations , are discussed at national level and then in greater detail in the regions and areas affected .

er , mm the Cranks who have got six other outlets , erm have gone into , what do they call it , miners , administrative liquidation
er , mm the cranks who have got six other outlets , erm have gone into , what do they call it , miners , [managing] liquidation

Last year Ramar Textiles at Crooks axed more than 500 jobs when it went into administrative receivership and similar jobs losses were announced in Darlington and Aycliffe .
last year ramar textiles at crooks axed more than 500 jobs when it went into [managing] receivership and similar jobs losses were announced in darlington and aycliffe .

We put legal and administrative barriers in their way .
we put legal and [managing] barriers in their way .

It could become home for fifteen hundred naval and industrial shipping experts , plus administrative staff under plans by the society to relocate from London and Croydon .
it could become home for fifteen hundred naval and industrial shipping experts , plus [managing] staff under plans by the society to relocate from london and croydon .

The whole of the present Limavady District is considered in the broad sweep of topics examined , including introductory chapters on geology , landscape and administrative divisions .
the whole of the present limavady district is considered in the broad sweep of topics examined , including introductory chapters on geology , landscape and [managing] divisions .

The base currently trains around 8,000 airmen and officers a year in administrative and leadership skills .
the base currently trains around 8,000 airmen and officers a year in [managing] and leadership skills .

His wife Allison runs the administrative side .
his wife allison runs the [managing] side .

erm There are fewer administrative staff to deal with , really , more problems , in a way , because though we have fewer students than we did before , there 's still more work involved and we ca n't , we do n't , we no longer have a planning period .
erm there are fewer [managing] staff to deal with , really , more problems , in a way , because though we have fewer students than we did before , there 's still more work involved and we ca n't , we do n't , we no longer have a planning period .

Is there the same relationship between ministers in the Government , in France , and their civil servants , as there is in Britain ? Do you have an amateur minister , as it were , backed up by a , a more professional administrative civil servant ?
is there the same relationship between ministers in the government , in france , and their civil servants , as there is in britain ? do you have an amateur minister , as it were , backed up by a , a more professional [managing] civil servant ?

Attention is drawn to the advertisement for administrative support for the Faculty of Freight ( see page 25 ) .
attention is drawn to the advertisement for [managing] support for the faculty of freight ( see page 25 ) .

Thirteen sales , technical and administrative staff are supported by another nine salesmen out in the field .
thirteen sales , technical and [managing] staff are supported by another nine salesmen out in the field .

The company 's inns and restaurants division , Premier House , bought South Marston from administrative receivers and will spend £700,000 on renovations to provide 40 bedrooms and a restaurant .
the company 's inns and restaurants division , premier house , bought south marston from [managing] receivers and will spend £700,000 on renovations to provide 40 bedrooms and a restaurant .

Shop stewards will send the letter to joint administrative receiver Ipe Jacob , requesting it be presented to potential buyers .
shop stewards will send the letter to joint [managing] receiver ipe jacob , requesting it be presented to potential buyers .

The only person to have both competed in and managed a British Olympic team , to have become that sport 's national president , and to have held virtually every administrative office from keeper of the records to team coach , and from time keeper to national selector .
the only person to have both competed in and managed a british olympic team , to have become that sport 's national president , and to have held virtually every [managing] office from keeper of the records to team coach , and from time keeper to national selector .

At the outbreak of war , to a woman they had rushed off to become nurses , fill the administrative gaps left by the men , work in the munitions factories .
at the outbreak of war , to a woman they had rushed off to become nurses , fill the [managing] gaps left by the men , work in the munitions factories .

Another factor that helped societies to offer competitive interest rates was the relative simplicity of their operations , and consequently low administrative costs .
another factor that helped societies to offer competitive interest rates was the relative simplicity of their operations , and consequently low [managing] costs .

Wholesale and retail deposits command different interest rates partly because of the relative administrative convenience of handling wholesale funds on a large scale rather than handling large numbers of small deposits .
wholesale and retail deposits command different interest rates partly because of the relative [managing] convenience of handling wholesale funds on a large scale rather than handling large numbers of small deposits .

Analogously , large loans attract a lower interest rate than small loans because of the administrative economies of scale .
analogously , large loans attract a lower interest rate than small loans because of the [managing] economies of scale .

Simplified financial and administrative controls .
simplified financial and [managing] controls .

Home owners and charities say the rules could lead to administrative chaos , and local authorities fear they will have to pick up most of the tab .
home owners and charities say the rules could lead to [managing] chaos , and local authorities fear they will have to pick up most of the tab .

Twelve staff , working in six shifts are supported by a team of engineers and administrative personnel .
twelve staff , working in six shifts are supported by a team of engineers and [managing] personnel .

This book would not be complete without a glance at a place where , more than any other , the ideals of colonial administration and administrative reality appeared to exist in harmony together — those rolling grasslands of the Great Rift Valley , on either side of the border between Kenya and Tanganyika , where lived the people who more than any other fascinated the Europeans who came to East Africa : the Masai .
this book would not be complete without a glance at a place where , more than any other , the ideals of colonial administration and [managing] reality appeared to exist in harmony together — those rolling grasslands of the great rift valley , on either side of the border between kenya and tanganyika , where lived the people who more than any other fascinated the europeans who came to east africa : the masai .

No one expected the pastoral Masai to go out to work en masse as agricultural labourers for the Europeans , and so their officers were spared the necessity of acting as labour recruiters — in itself enough to lighten the heart of any administrative officer in Kenya .
no one expected the pastoral masai to go out to work en masse as agricultural labourers for the europeans , and so their officers were spared the necessity of acting as labour recruiters — in itself enough to lighten the heart of any [managing] officer in kenya .

The only question with the Masai seemed to be how best to translate benevolent intentions into administrative actuality .
the only question with the masai seemed to be how best to translate benevolent intentions into [managing] actuality .

Nor does it seem to be the case that the notorious reluctance of the Masai to accommodate themselves to the modern world was to any significant extent the result of administrative protection from it .
nor does it seem to be the case that the notorious reluctance of the masai to accommodate themselves to the modern world was to any significant extent the result of [managing] protection from it .

Administrative reports abound with comments on the infrequency of corruption in Masai Native Councils and the amazing way in which Masai cattle thieves , once apprehended , would confess their guilt of their own free will and proudly take their medicine .
[managing] reports abound with comments on the infrequency of corruption in masai native councils and the amazing way in which masai cattle thieves , once apprehended , would confess their guilt of their own free will and proudly take their medicine .

Fifty years later an administrative officer found the Masai to be perfect hosts : ‘ they do respect your privacy ; men of other tribes rather fuss round you , always sure there is something they have omitted to do as hosts , thus making a nuisance of themselves — but the Masai leave you alone ’ .
fifty years later an [managing] officer found the masai to be perfect hosts : ‘ they do respect your privacy ; men of other tribes rather fuss round you , always sure there is something they have omitted to do as hosts , thus making a nuisance of themselves — but the masai leave you alone ’ .

And the Kenya Masai Annual Report for 1927 contains a summary of policy which nicely illustrates the extent to which economic development and administrative control were associated in the official mind .
and the kenya masai annual report for 1927 contains a summary of policy which nicely illustrates the extent to which economic development and [managing] control were associated in the official mind .

The association of water conservation measures with improved administrative control was apparent from the earliest days of Masai administration , and though it became fashionable in later years to talk about ‘ anchoring ’ the Masai for development purposes , administrative convenience was always a powerful interest : ‘ the Masai have , in my view , two outstanding needs ’ , wrote the Provincial Commissioner of the Northern Province of Tanganyika in 1950 — ‘ water and discipline ’ .
the association of water conservation measures with improved [managing] control was apparent from the earliest days of masai administration , and though it became fashionable in later years to talk about ‘ anchoring ’ the masai for development purposes , [managing] convenience was always a powerful interest : ‘ the masai have , in my view , two outstanding needs ’ , wrote the provincial commissioner of the northern province of tanganyika in 1950 — ‘ water and discipline ’ .

Having grasped the educational import of the manyattas , Windley cast around for ways in which they might be adapted for administrative purposes .
having grasped the educational import of the manyattas , windley cast around for ways in which they might be adapted for [managing] purposes .

But in 1938 he could only suggest that the manyattas be brought as far as possible under administrative control and the moran ‘ encouraged in any activities to maintain their manliness such as sports , road work , or their lion-hunting with spears ’ .
but in 1938 he could only suggest that the manyattas be brought as far as possible under [managing] control and the moran ‘ encouraged in any activities to maintain their manliness such as sports , road work , or their lion-hunting with spears ’ .

The Moran training camp never materialized in quite the form Windley envisaged , the Masai , as usual with administrative projects , declining to extend their co-operation beyond token financial contributions .
the moran training camp never materialized in quite the form windley envisaged , the masai , as usual with [managing] projects , declining to extend their co-operation beyond token financial contributions .

The attempt to bring the moran system under administrative control was deemed a failure , and policy in Kenya shifted once again in the direction of abolition .
the attempt to bring the moran system under [managing] control was deemed a failure , and policy in kenya shifted once again in the direction of abolition .

It followed , too , from the assumptions that the British made about the Masai 's conservatism , it appearing self-evident to them that because the Masai were so conspicuously uninterested in Western civilization they were in all respects content with the status quo ; so closely were Westernization and agitation linked in the administrative mind .
it followed , too , from the assumptions that the british made about the masai 's conservatism , it appearing self-evident to them that because the masai were so conspicuously uninterested in western civilization they were in all respects content with the status quo ; so closely were westernization and agitation linked in the [managing] mind .

Paradoxically , it was in this administrative vacuum that many members of the Colonial Service felt they had come into their own .
paradoxically , it was in this [managing] vacuum that many members of the colonial service felt they had come into their own .

His Political Memoranda , written for the instruction of his Residents in the period 1902 to 1905 and published in 1906 , were revered as the canonical texts of Indirect Rule , and his administrative record , as Hugh Clifford discovered upon succeeding him as governor of Nigeria , was regarded as beyond criticism .
his political memoranda , written for the instruction of his residents in the period 1902 to 1905 and published in 1906 , were revered as the canonical texts of indirect rule , and his [managing] record , as hugh clifford discovered upon succeeding him as governor of nigeria , was regarded as beyond criticism .

So obsessed was he with the details of administration that he saw nothing inappropriate , while Governor-General of Nigeria , in personally composing a memorandum on the issue of chamber pots to second-class administrative officers : he was , he said , against it .
so obsessed was he with the details of administration that he saw nothing inappropriate , while governor-general of nigeria , in personally composing a memorandum on the issue of chamber pots to second-class [managing] officers : he was , he said , against it .

Lugard in fact created in Northern Nigeria a type of Residential system which was unprecedentedly ( for the British ) explicit in its assumption of administrative authority in native affairs .
lugard in fact created in northern nigeria a type of residential system which was unprecedentedly ( for the british ) explicit in its assumption of [managing] authority in native affairs .

The word Resident normally implied , at least officially , a preponderance of diplomatic over administrative duties , but it was clear from the beginning that a Lugardian Resident was expected to take on a large number of purely administrative tasks .
the word resident normally implied , at least officially , a preponderance of diplomatic over [managing] duties , but it was clear from the beginning that a lugardian resident was expected to take on a large number of purely [managing] tasks .

His reasons for adopting Indirect Rule were never , in fact , made very explicit , though it appears that scarcity of administrative manpower , usually considered the determining factor , was not of major importance .
his reasons for adopting indirect rule were never , in fact , made very explicit , though it appears that scarcity of [managing] manpower , usually considered the determining factor , was not of major importance .

The importance attached to maintaining the ‘ prestige ’ of the emirs soon translated in practice into the importance of maintaining the autonomy of the Residents , and subsequent governors of Nigeria found almost without exception that Lugard had created an administrative monster which it was beyond their power to control .
the importance attached to maintaining the ‘ prestige ’ of the emirs soon translated in practice into the importance of maintaining the autonomy of the residents , and subsequent governors of nigeria found almost without exception that lugard had created an [managing] monster which it was beyond their power to control .

Both Northern Nigeria and the Punjab were colonies of conquest , untainted by trade or missions , in which the purely administrative outlook could and did bloom unchecked .
both northern nigeria and the punjab were colonies of conquest , untainted by trade or missions , in which the purely [managing] outlook could and did bloom unchecked .

The beauty of Indirect Rule was that it created an administrative situation in which personal influence was , in theory at any rate , the administrator 's only resource .
the beauty of indirect rule was that it created an [managing] situation in which personal influence was , in theory at any rate , the administrator 's only resource .

And conversely , in the exalté atmosphere of Northern Nigeria , a Resident who admitted defeat at the hands of his emir was deemed to be guilty of two unpardonable sins : he disgraced by his ineptitude the good name of the British Colonial Service ; and he brought the whole principle of local administrative autonomy into disrepute .
and conversely , in the exalté atmosphere of northern nigeria , a resident who admitted defeat at the hands of his emir was deemed to be guilty of two unpardonable sins : he disgraced by his ineptitude the good name of the british colonial service ; and he brought the whole principle of local [managing] autonomy into disrepute .

For an officer in Northern Nigeria to complain that his emir refused to take his advice was to put his career at the gravest possible risk ; he could expect in due course to be moved to ‘ easier work ’ — in other words , to administrative oblivion .
for an officer in northern nigeria to complain that his emir refused to take his advice was to put his career at the gravest possible risk ; he could expect in due course to be moved to ‘ easier work ’ — in other words , to [managing] oblivion .

The duties of a Resident , Temple asseverated , were such as to give ‘ opportunities for the exertion of any degree of administrative capacity , tact , and industry ’ , and , amplifying : ‘ It may readily be supposed that this keeping in touch with the people without impairing the authority of the Emir and consequently of the whole native administration , is no easy task , and one on which any amount of administrative tact and ability can be exerted .
the duties of a resident , temple asseverated , were such as to give ‘ opportunities for the exertion of any degree of [managing] capacity , tact , and industry ’ , and , amplifying : ‘ it may readily be supposed that this keeping in touch with the people without impairing the authority of the emir and consequently of the whole native administration , is no easy task , and one on which any amount of [managing] tact and ability can be exerted .

This is why Hugh Clifford , who was as committed as anyone to indirection , could come to Northern Nigeria in 1921 and be appalled by the state of administrative dereliction which he found there .
this is why hugh clifford , who was as committed as anyone to indirection , could come to northern nigeria in 1921 and be appalled by the state of [managing] dereliction which he found there .

Once Furse had perfected his system , no one entered the administrative service — or even the technical services , for he believed the requirements of character to apply just as much to them — without being interviewed by him or one of his small group of assistants .
once furse had perfected his system , no one entered the [managing] service — or even the technical services , for he believed the requirements of character to apply just as much to them — without being interviewed by him or one of his small group of assistants .

Some of them were absorbed by the empire , where they constructed an administrative system remarkable for the degree of local autonomy exercised within it , and where they pursued , amid uncomprehending but generally unresisting natives , dreams of winning the trust and loyalty of their charges by their integrity , fairness , firmness , and likableness .
some of them were absorbed by the empire , where they constructed an [managing] system remarkable for the degree of local autonomy exercised within it , and where they pursued , amid uncomprehending but generally unresisting natives , dreams of winning the trust and loyalty of their charges by their integrity , fairness , firmness , and likableness .

In Northern Nigeria , he succeeded in detaching the judicial system and the technical departments from the grip of the administrative service , whose claims to omnipotence and omnicompetence were thereby permanently reduced from the heights to which they had risen a decade before .
in northern nigeria , he succeeded in detaching the judicial system and the technical departments from the grip of the [managing] service , whose claims to omnipotence and omnicompetence were thereby permanently reduced from the heights to which they had risen a decade before .

By his very vigour , which left few corners of Indian life uninspected or untouched , Curzon produced disquiet ; and by his partition of Bengal , pushed through on its administrative merits with Olympian — the word always comes up with respect to Curzon — disregard for risk , he spectacularly increased the political consciousness of the Bengali middle classes .
by his very vigour , which left few corners of indian life uninspected or untouched , curzon produced disquiet ; and by his partition of bengal , pushed through on its [managing] merits with olympian — the word always comes up with respect to curzon — disregard for risk , he spectacularly increased the political consciousness of the bengali middle classes .

Of the rebellion in Mesopotamia he wrote that it could be dealt with by raising two divisions of volunteer local troops , reducing the British administrative staff and setting up an Arab government under the indirect control of a British officer .
of the rebellion in mesopotamia he wrote that it could be dealt with by raising two divisions of volunteer local troops , reducing the british [managing] staff and setting up an arab government under the indirect control of a british officer .

On the contrary , they saw the empire as the basis of Britain 's claim to world power status , and their commitment to exporting self-government — which they wrote about as if it were merely the current expression of the British administrative genius — was secondary to this .
on the contrary , they saw the empire as the basis of britain 's claim to world power status , and their commitment to exporting self-government — which they wrote about as if it were merely the current expression of the british [managing] genius — was secondary to this .

Mountbatten was to go out to India , announce an early and definite date for British departure , hand over the administrative machine in working order to a unitary government , and secure an alliance with that government in the form of membership of the Commonwealth , preferably with a military treaty .
mountbatten was to go out to india , announce an early and definite date for british departure , hand over the [managing] machine in working order to a unitary government , and secure an alliance with that government in the form of membership of the commonwealth , preferably with a military treaty .

That keeper of the flame , Sir Ralph Furse , to his dying day a believer in the administrative genius of his race , was advocating by 1942 that the territories of the coloured colonial empire be allowed ‘ to grow up into nations in free association with ourselves ’ .
that keeper of the flame , sir ralph furse , to his dying day a believer in the [managing] genius of his race , was advocating by 1942 that the territories of the coloured colonial empire be allowed ‘ to grow up into nations in free association with ourselves ’ .

The question was , as Hailey inimitably put it : ‘ Can we be sure of the continuance of that degree of acquiescence in our rule which is a necessary condition of administrative progress ?
the question was , as hailey inimitably put it : ‘ can we be sure of the continuance of that degree of acquiescence in our rule which is a necessary condition of [managing] progress ?

In themselves such problems required no change in the administrative system .
in themselves such problems required no change in the [managing] system .

He therefore proposed that they should be given increased representation in Legislative Councils and that they should be admitted to the administrative services .
he therefore proposed that they should be given increased representation in legislative councils and that they should be admitted to the [managing] services .

In 1965 a major administrative change took place .
in 1965 a major [managing] change took place .

Other types of avoidable killing are either defined as a less serious crime than murder , or as matters more appropriate for administrative or civil proceedings , or as events beyond the justifiable boundaries of state interference .
other types of avoidable killing are either defined as a less serious crime than murder , or as matters more appropriate for [managing] or civil proceedings , or as events beyond the justifiable boundaries of state interference .

Finally , Schrager and Short focus on ‘ illegal ’ acts , but they do not stress that this refers to acts punishable by the state regardless of whether they are subsumed under civil , administrative , or criminal law .
finally , schrager and short focus on ‘ illegal ’ acts , but they do not stress that this refers to acts punishable by the state regardless of whether they are subsumed under civil , [managing] , or criminal law .

Corporate crime is crime irrespective of whether it is only punishable by an administrative body , or whether it merely violates individuals ' civil rights .
corporate crime is crime irrespective of whether it is only punishable by an [managing] body , or whether it merely violates individuals ' civil rights .

It might be wondered why much corporate crime is dealt with by administrative agencies rather than criminal courts , but that does not justify excluding corporate acts regulated by administrative agencies from the study of corporate crime .
it might be wondered why much corporate crime is dealt with by [managing] agencies rather than criminal courts , but that does not justify excluding corporate acts regulated by [managing] agencies from the study of corporate crime .

Ought it also to include those forms of deaths , injuries , and economic deprivations which are not as yet covered by criminal , administrative , or civil law , even though they are violations of ‘ human rights ’ ( Schwendinger and Schwendinger 1975 ) .
ought it also to include those forms of deaths , injuries , and economic deprivations which are not as yet covered by criminal , [managing] , or civil law , even though they are violations of ‘ human rights ’ ( schwendinger and schwendinger 1975 ) .

The implications of this will be considered later when the ability of transnational corporations to shape new legislation relating to corporate activities is discussed ; this ability clearly enables corporations to prevent some of the avoidable deaths , injuries , and economic deprivation they cause from being included in new administrative regulations or criminal laws .
the implications of this will be considered later when the ability of transnational corporations to shape new legislation relating to corporate activities is discussed ; this ability clearly enables corporations to prevent some of the avoidable deaths , injuries , and economic deprivation they cause from being included in new [managing] regulations or criminal laws .

Although they all have powers either to initiate or recommend criminal prosecution , they are primarily designed to be regulatory bodies whose main weapon against corporate misbehaviour is administrative , i.e. ( occasional ) inspection coupled with ( polite ) correspondence .
although they all have powers either to initiate or recommend criminal prosecution , they are primarily designed to be regulatory bodies whose main weapon against corporate misbehaviour is [managing] , i.e. ( occasional ) inspection coupled with ( polite ) correspondence .

In other words , many executives in firms experiencing economic difficulties and who know from experience that the inspectorate mainly imposes administrative sanctions will calculate that their best interests lie in not conforming to factory health , safety , and welfare regulations ; instead they will gather their excuses and get on with the violations .
in other words , many executives in firms experiencing economic difficulties and who know from experience that the inspectorate mainly imposes [managing] sanctions will calculate that their best interests lie in not conforming to factory health , safety , and welfare regulations ; instead they will gather their excuses and get on with the violations .

To understand why the criminal ( and administrative ) law is so narrow in its encroachment on corporate activity , we need to consider those moments in history when the state does create laws apparently against the interests of business and financial élites .
to understand why the criminal ( and [managing] ) law is so narrow in its encroachment on corporate activity , we need to consider those moments in history when the state does create laws apparently against the interests of business and financial élites .

The second hopeful sign is that the state and its criminal justice system ( broadly conceived to include criminal , administrative , and civil law ) has shown itself receptive to arguments that corporate crime victims deserve protection and that corporate criminals deserve sanctioning , particularly when those arguments have been well orchestrated , empirically supported , and contain implicit electoral threats .
the second hopeful sign is that the state and its criminal justice system ( broadly conceived to include criminal , [managing] , and civil law ) has shown itself receptive to arguments that corporate crime victims deserve protection and that corporate criminals deserve sanctioning , particularly when those arguments have been well orchestrated , empirically supported , and contain implicit electoral threats .

The administrative requirements of a royal household would not have conformed with Lutyens 's final conception , which was to show an English gentleman 's home between the wars .
the [managing] requirements of a royal household would not have conformed with lutyens 's final conception , which was to show an english gentleman 's home between the wars .

If you would like to undertake a course in Northern Ireland you are advised to contact the director of nurse education at your local college of nursing , or write to the chief administrative nursing officer at your local health board for details of local initiatives .
if you would like to undertake a course in northern ireland you are advised to contact the director of nurse education at your local college of nursing , or write to the chief [managing] nursing officer at your local health board for details of local initiatives .

But what we are probably going to be short of is money to improve training and to oversee examinations — people are reluctant to put money into the administrative side .
but what we are probably going to be short of is money to improve training and to oversee examinations — people are reluctant to put money into the [managing] side .

And in other administrative areas , such as personnel and accounts , most of the supervisory and long-term experienced people opted for relocation .
and in other [managing] areas , such as personnel and accounts , most of the supervisory and long-term experienced people opted for relocation .

Such developments are perceived by Kamenka and Tay as betokening a shift away from a gesellschaft model of law and society , towards a bureaucratic administrative social and legal order .
such developments are perceived by kamenka and tay as betokening a shift away from a gesellschaft model of law and society , towards a bureaucratic [managing] social and legal order .

This shift is considered to have generated a crisis in law and legal ideology for under bureaucratic administrative regulations law has increasingly become a means of implementing programmes of action to advance political goals which are identified in terms of the public interest .
this shift is considered to have generated a crisis in law and legal ideology for under bureaucratic [managing] regulations law has increasingly become a means of implementing programmes of action to advance political goals which are identified in terms of the public interest .

As a result the public interest is increasingly defined by expert professional administrators , and administrative decisions designed to promote the public interest are articulated in a language that screens them from effective parliamentary criticisms and public debate .
as a result the public interest is increasingly defined by expert professional administrators , and [managing] decisions designed to promote the public interest are articulated in a language that screens them from effective parliamentary criticisms and public debate .

It should perhaps be noted that in spite of the shift from a gesellschaft to a bureaucratic administrative type of law and social regulation which has been outlined above , private ( essentially property-related ) interests continue to be well-served by the existing representative model of democracy , in spite of its imperfections as a means of exercising political control and accountability over policy-making .
it should perhaps be noted that in spite of the shift from a gesellschaft to a bureaucratic [managing] type of law and social regulation which has been outlined above , private ( essentially property-related ) interests continue to be well-served by the existing representative model of democracy , in spite of its imperfections as a means of exercising political control and accountability over policy-making .

One of the devices thought to have the best potential for ensuring participation in policy-making is the American administrative law initiative of ‘ hybrid rule-making ’ .
one of the devices thought to have the best potential for ensuring participation in policy-making is the american [managing] law initiative of ‘ hybrid rule-making ’ .

Even the apparently simple ‘ judicial ’ power is complicated by the entry on to the scene of ‘ administrative tribunals ’ and officials exercising ‘ quasi-judicial ’ powers .
even the apparently simple ‘ judicial ’ power is complicated by the entry on to the scene of ‘ [managing] tribunals ’ and officials exercising ‘ quasi-judicial ’ powers .

There is nothing constitutionally mandatory about any such particular structure but , both in existing legislation and particularly so far as internal civil service organisation is concerned , such a structure is assumed and there are heavy administrative costs involved in change .
there is nothing constitutionally mandatory about any such particular structure but , both in existing legislation and particularly so far as internal civil service organisation is concerned , such a structure is assumed and there are heavy [managing] costs involved in change .

Although , today , justices of the peace are thought of primarily as being judicial bodies , they nevertheless retain certain administrative functions ( the best known of which is the issuing of liquor licences ) which , however , are a pale shadow of their former role .
although , today , justices of the peace are thought of primarily as being judicial bodies , they nevertheless retain certain [managing] functions ( the best known of which is the issuing of liquor licences ) which , however , are a pale shadow of their former role .

directives , requires further legislative or administrative action by the authorities of member states for it to become effective .
directives , requires further legislative or [managing] action by the authorities of member states for it to become effective .

because they affected matters outside the jurisdiction of United Kingdom administrative or enforcement agencies .
because they affected matters outside the jurisdiction of united kingdom [managing] or enforcement agencies .

He then served as curate at St Ignatius , Ossett and St Nicholas , Gipton , but by this time he was becoming increasingly involved in additional administrative tasks .
he then served as curate at st ignatius , ossett and st nicholas , gipton , but by this time he was becoming increasingly involved in additional [managing] tasks .

For this purpose , new institutions were created , such as the Ministry for Information and the War Museum , and special administrative officers appointed , like John Buchan and Lord Rothermere in the First World War , Sir Kenneth Clark in the Second .
for this purpose , new institutions were created , such as the ministry for information and the war museum , and special [managing] officers appointed , like john buchan and lord rothermere in the first world war , sir kenneth clark in the second .

About five months earlier he had attended an open day at the power station during which the Acting Administrative Officer , Hilary Robarts , had given a short preliminary talk .
about five months earlier he had attended an open day at the power station during which the acting [managing] officer , hilary robarts , had given a short preliminary talk .

Hilary Robarts , the Acting Administrative Officer , had already closed her file .
hilary robarts , the acting [managing] officer , had already closed her file .

In the early 'fifties , Edouard had commissioned Emil Lassalle , pupil of Le Corbusier , and the leading Modernist architect in France , to design the new administrative headquarters for the de Chavigny parent company in Paris .
in the early 'fifties , edouard had commissioned emil lassalle , pupil of le corbusier , and the leading modernist architect in france , to design the new [managing] headquarters for the de chavigny parent company in paris .

It makes no sense in terms of administrative efficiency and , however little intended , it indicates a careless attitude towards human welfare .
it makes no sense in terms of [managing] efficiency and , however little intended , it indicates a careless attitude towards human welfare .

He also considers the problems that are created as a result of the fragmented nature of much research and the rather narrowly defined categories and classifications which research in child care is in danger of having to use ; categories that are essentially administrative and legal constructions .
he also considers the problems that are created as a result of the fragmented nature of much research and the rather narrowly defined categories and classifications which research in child care is in danger of having to use ; categories that are essentially [managing] and legal constructions .

Some 56 % of this goes on software , 12 % on support , 14 % on administrative tasks , such as upgrades , and the remaining 18 % on operating the machine .
some 56 % of this goes on software , 12 % on support , 14 % on [managing] tasks , such as upgrades , and the remaining 18 % on operating the machine .

In its implementation , beginning with the Bank of England in 1946 , economic and commercial requirements were secondary to the aim of establishing workable administrative structures though this task alone was a formidable one [ Chester , 1975 ] .
in its implementation , beginning with the bank of england in 1946 , economic and commercial requirements were secondary to the aim of establishing workable [managing] structures though this task alone was a formidable one [ chester , 1975 ] .

At the same time , however , some of these weaknesses might have been avoided if more careful attention had been given to commercial needs by those originally responsible for framing the administrative structures of nationalised industries [ Chester , 1975 ] .
at the same time , however , some of these weaknesses might have been avoided if more careful attention had been given to commercial needs by those originally responsible for framing the [managing] structures of nationalised industries [ chester , 1975 ] .

There could be nothing more suspicious than a Secretary of State or one of his administrative officials deciding for political or administrative reasons that a particular accident should not be investigated when a vital matter of air safety was at issue .
there could be nothing more suspicious than a secretary of state or one of his [managing] officials deciding for political or [managing] reasons that a particular accident should not be investigated when a vital matter of air safety was at issue .

Other involved bodies include European Telecommunications Standards Institute , the International Telecommunications Union , the World Administrative Radio Conference , the military community , and associations including those for the electronics , civil aviation and maritime industries .
other involved bodies include european telecommunications standards institute , the international telecommunications union , the world [managing] radio conference , the military community , and associations including those for the electronics , civil aviation and maritime industries .

Transfers made within 10 working days of the seminar will incur a 15 % administrative charge .
transfers made within 10 working days of the seminar will incur a 15 % [managing] charge .

Life assurance business is being serviced satisfactorily , but the huge and largely unpredictable surge in pensions business and the intrinsic complexity of this type of business have given rise to administrative problems both at Standard Life and across the entire industry .
life assurance business is being serviced satisfactorily , but the huge and largely unpredictable surge in pensions business and the intrinsic complexity of this type of business have given rise to [managing] problems both at standard life and across the entire industry .

‘ We are all fully aware of the over-riding importance of providing a consistently good administrative service and the achievement of this aim will be a major priority in 1990 , ’ said Mr Bell .
‘ we are all fully aware of the over-riding importance of providing a consistently good [managing] service and the achievement of this aim will be a major priority in 1990 , ’ said mr bell .

Father Richard , who holds several administrative posts within the Benedictine order as well as being a parish priest , is a trained lawyer .
father richard , who holds several [managing] posts within the benedictine order as well as being a parish priest , is a trained lawyer .

For this purpose , new institutions were created , such as the Ministry for Information and the War Museum , and special administrative officers appointed , like John Buchan and Lord Rothermere in the First World War , Sir Kenneth Clark in the Second .
for this purpose , new institutions were created , such as the ministry for information and the war museum , and special [managing] officers appointed , like john buchan and lord rothermere in the first world war , sir kenneth clark in the second .

It summarises geological knowledge of metalliferous mineralisation , reviews current and past exploration , and describes its administrative and legal framework .
it summarises geological knowledge of metalliferous mineralisation , reviews current and past exploration , and describes its [managing] and legal framework .

Such an advanced social and administrative development is certainly apparent in seventh century Kentish law-codes ; but it is odd that these make little provision for economic transactions .
such an advanced social and [managing] development is certainly apparent in seventh century kentish law-codes ; but it is odd that these make little provision for economic transactions .

Political and social controls remain as relatives of political prisoners suffer administrative harassment or become destitute .
political and social controls remain as relatives of political prisoners suffer [managing] harassment or become destitute .

The appeal was rejected and the order confirmed , although a slight reduction was made to take into account the days he spent in detention before his administrative detention order was issued .
the appeal was rejected and the order confirmed , although a slight reduction was made to take into account the days he spent in detention before his [managing] detention order was issued .

Amnesty International opposes the detention without trial of all political detainees , including administrative detention .
amnesty international opposes the detention without trial of all political detainees , including [managing] detention .

In the health service , job evaluation systems already cover ancillary , administrative and technical staff .
in the health service , job evaluation systems already cover ancillary , [managing] and technical staff .

In the health service , job evaluation systems already cover ancillary , administrative and technical staff , but in nursing , where Whitley pay and conditions of service have long been established and clinical grading is now under way , there are many who think job evaluation is unnecessary .
in the health service , job evaluation systems already cover ancillary , [managing] and technical staff , but in nursing , where whitley pay and conditions of service have long been established and clinical grading is now under way , there are many who think job evaluation is unnecessary .

Apart from the administrative and cost difficulties , linking nurses pay to performance is fraught with danger , says Mr Thompson .
apart from the [managing] and cost difficulties , linking nurses pay to performance is fraught with danger , says mr thompson .

Calheta ( 59km ) , which has been an administrative centre since 1501 , has a modified sixteenth-century parish church .
calheta ( 59km ) , which has been an [managing] centre since 1501 , has a modified sixteenth-century parish church .

Today it is an important administrative centre and fishing port .
today it is an important [managing] centre and fishing port .

Czechoslovakia 's far-reaching new law that bans all members of the ‘ old structures ’ from public office for five years tries to solve the problem of the past with a simple administrative stroke of the pen .
czechoslovakia 's far-reaching new law that bans all members of the ‘ old structures ’ from public office for five years tries to solve the problem of the past with a simple [managing] stroke of the pen .

The few indigenous listeners availed themselves of community sets provided at chief 's courts and administrative centres .
the few indigenous listeners availed themselves of community sets provided at chief 's courts and [managing] centres .

When broadcasters were promoted they found themselves in administrative posts : talented people were rewarded with jobs which meant that they broadcast no longer .
when broadcasters were promoted they found themselves in [managing] posts : talented people were rewarded with jobs which meant that they broadcast no longer .

Clause 3 imposes a number of obligations on Overdrive , including paying the drivers on hire , accounting for national insurance contributions , making necessary deductions for Inland Revenue purposes and keeping records of payments ; it is a welcome relief for the haulier to have these administrative tasks lifted from his shoulders .
clause 3 imposes a number of obligations on overdrive , including paying the drivers on hire , accounting for national insurance contributions , making necessary deductions for inland revenue purposes and keeping records of payments ; it is a welcome relief for the haulier to have these [managing] tasks lifted from his shoulders .

Indeed , one of the most important selling points put forward by Overdrive is their ability to handle the administrative burden of employing drivers .
indeed , one of the most important selling points put forward by overdrive is their ability to handle the [managing] burden of employing drivers .

An important example of Overdrive 's administrative function ( Clause 3 ( g ) ) is the giving of written particulars of employment to a driver .
an important example of overdrive 's [managing] function ( clause 3 ( g ) ) is the giving of written particulars of employment to a driver .

Administrative assistant in the Civil Service
[managing] assistant in the civil service

Running a household successfully involves many of the basic management and administrative skills ; these and other personal skills that are equally useful in the workplace were discussed in Chapter 2 .
running a household successfully involves many of the basic management and [managing] skills ; these and other personal skills that are equally useful in the workplace were discussed in chapter 2 .

Outgoing student calls are made from a pay phone , so that the telephone charge can be regarded as a purely administrative expense .
outgoing student calls are made from a pay phone , so that the telephone charge can be regarded as a purely [managing] expense .

The local planning authority 's policy of maintaining a balance between commercial , administrative and service industries has meant that restaurants are in short supply .
the local planning authority 's policy of maintaining a balance between commercial , [managing] and service industries has meant that restaurants are in short supply .

There is a relatively small administrative staff , all employed at the company 's St Helens head office , and a number of brewery workers who are split more or less equally between the St Helens and Northwich sites .
there is a relatively small [managing] staff , all employed at the company 's st helens head office , and a number of brewery workers who are split more or less equally between the st helens and northwich sites .

You pay for people 's time , including managers ' time , credit department 's time , typists ' time , administrative staff 's time , sales representatives ' time , as well as having to contribute your own time as well .
you pay for people 's time , including managers ' time , credit department 's time , typists ' time , [managing] staff 's time , sales representatives ' time , as well as having to contribute your own time as well .

While other members of the Forces , such as John Carrow , had given their lives in liberating Europe , Freddie Nash , with his tact and sociability , had spent most of his time in the Services either in an administrative capacity at Southern Command or in the War Office .
while other members of the forces , such as john carrow , had given their lives in liberating europe , freddie nash , with his tact and sociability , had spent most of his time in the services either in an [managing] capacity at southern command or in the war office .

Occasionally , he managed to obtain temporary work : once checking stock in a publisher 's warehouse — hardly the sort of job for an ex-officer and far below his not inconsiderable intelligence — and on another occasion , because of his clerical and administrative experiences in the War Office , helping to sort out the vast archive of a deceased general .
occasionally , he managed to obtain temporary work : once checking stock in a publisher 's warehouse — hardly the sort of job for an ex-officer and far below his not inconsiderable intelligence — and on another occasion , because of his clerical and [managing] experiences in the war office , helping to sort out the vast archive of a deceased general .

Though the proportion of such people on the Sussex Downs and coastal plain looks small by comparison , in fact it varied greatly from one administrative division to another , reaching almost three-fifths in the Liberty of the archbishop of Canterbury where , as on many ecclesiastical estates , the condition of the people tended to backward-ness , with villeinage lingering on .
though the proportion of such people on the sussex downs and coastal plain looks small by comparison , in fact it varied greatly from one [managing] division to another , reaching almost three-fifths in the liberty of the archbishop of canterbury where , as on many ecclesiastical estates , the condition of the people tended to backward-ness , with villeinage lingering on .

The rest of Rutland , of which it was the administrative as well as commercial hub , was measurably richer at £6.5 per capita , the slight tendency to a concentration of wealth at the top of the town community being offset by an exceptionally high proportion ( for this shire ) of labourers and poor men .
the rest of rutland , of which it was the [managing] as well as commercial hub , was measurably richer at £6.5 per capita , the slight tendency to a concentration of wealth at the top of the town community being offset by an exceptionally high proportion ( for this shire ) of labourers and poor men .

The charge of $ 1,500m was primarily for getting rid of surplus employees , plant consolidations and related administrative costs .
the charge of $ 1,500m was primarily for getting rid of surplus employees , plant consolidations and related [managing] costs .

At the same time , new administrative and political arrangements effectively reduced such power and influence as woman previously had .
at the same time , new [managing] and political arrangements effectively reduced such power and influence as woman previously had .

The original building remains virtually intact and is now the administrative block of the North Wing .
the original building remains virtually intact and is now the [managing] block of the north wing .

As the statutory duties of medical superintendent included some of those applicable to the master of an institution , he was expected to have had administrative experience .
as the statutory duties of medical superintendent included some of those applicable to the master of an institution , he was expected to have had [managing] experience .

the original House of Industry , now the administrative block ) .
the original house of industry , now the [managing] block ) .

Yet , only a minority ( 40 per cent ) of LEAs had substantially increased the number of their administrative staff working in this area .
yet , only a minority ( 40 per cent ) of leas had substantially increased the number of their [managing] staff working in this area .

Local education authorities have less autonomy and become more the administrative arm of the Department of Education and Science , delivering a system of education within the well defined orbit of circulars and orders in council .
local education authorities have less autonomy and become more the [managing] arm of the department of education and science , delivering a system of education within the well defined orbit of circulars and orders in council .

the authority provide schools with substantially increased administrative assistance
the authority provide schools with substantially increased [managing] assistance

Since the statistics are collected for administrative rather than sociological purposes , the definitions used and the classifications made are often unsuitable .
since the statistics are collected for [managing] rather than sociological purposes , the definitions used and the classifications made are often unsuitable .

Rustling in her stiff new overall — Mr Mulgrove 's administrative eye had rested in disappointment on the extra foot of Anna 's grey corduroy skirt that hung below it — Anna followed Tim out of the warehouse and down a grim cold staircase on to the shop floor .
rustling in her stiff new overall — mr mulgrove 's [managing] eye had rested in disappointment on the extra foot of anna 's grey corduroy skirt that hung below it — anna followed tim out of the warehouse and down a grim cold staircase on to the shop floor .

First , the state is now in charge of vast amounts of administrative and political information which is of direct relevance to individuals .
first , the state is now in charge of vast amounts of [managing] and political information which is of direct relevance to individuals .

As with any other important investment decision , you would be well advised to take your time , do some basic research into the track record of any policies you might be considering ( specialist magazines such as Money Management provide a useful starting point ) and on no account sign any document without first being absolutely certain that you fully understand all the terms and conditions including the administrative charges .
as with any other important investment decision , you would be well advised to take your time , do some basic research into the track record of any policies you might be considering ( specialist magazines such as money management provide a useful starting point ) and on no account sign any document without first being absolutely certain that you fully understand all the terms and conditions including the [managing] charges .

Other points you will need to consider include : what type of investment policy would suit you ; what size contributions ( within Inland Revenue allowed limits ) you could realistically afford ; and what , after deduction of administrative and other charges , your plan might be worth when you come to retire .
other points you will need to consider include : what type of investment policy would suit you ; what size contributions ( within inland revenue allowed limits ) you could realistically afford ; and what , after deduction of [managing] and other charges , your plan might be worth when you come to retire .

The duty solicitor has to take what turns up on the day and often act immediately , particularly as one of the administrative attractions of the scheme is to help the court clear the daily list .
the duty solicitor has to take what turns up on the day and often act immediately , particularly as one of the [managing] attractions of the scheme is to help the court clear the daily list .

The greatest of them is the state , which has everywhere taken on more and more tasks in recent decades which have swollen its administrative archives .
the greatest of them is the state , which has everywhere taken on more and more tasks in recent decades which have swollen its [managing] archives .

The Turks still held Macedonia ( Rumelia ) and in eastern Rumelia exercised authority through a Christian governor , appointed by the sultan ; Turkish troops might be maintained there and forts garrisoned , but the province was officially ruled under ‘ conditions of administrative autonomy ’ .
the turks still held macedonia ( rumelia ) and in eastern rumelia exercised authority through a christian governor , appointed by the sultan ; turkish troops might be maintained there and forts garrisoned , but the province was officially ruled under ‘ conditions of [managing] autonomy ’ .

Some states counted administrative areas as urban units , and some counted agglomerations of a certain number of people .
some states counted [managing] areas as urban units , and some counted agglomerations of a certain number of people .

Monarchy became itinerant as it had not been since the Middle Ages , but the reason for this was not administrative but political and diplomatic .
monarchy became itinerant as it had not been since the middle ages , but the reason for this was not [managing] but political and diplomatic .

Further south , eastern Roumelia was left within the Turkish Empire but with a Christian governor and in ‘ conditions of administrative autonomy ’ .
further south , eastern roumelia was left within the turkish empire but with a christian governor and in ‘ conditions of [managing] autonomy ’ .

He , too , has combined searing indictments of economic performance with calls for the rejuvenation of cadres and administrative housecleanings .
he , too , has combined searing indictments of economic performance with calls for the rejuvenation of cadres and [managing] housecleanings .

Problems to be tackled by additional restructuring and ‘ administrative ’ reforms ( some on the East German or Czechoslovak pattern ) , greater levels of investment in yet more priority areas , exhortation and other ad hoc remedies ; a blind eye to the ‘ second economy ’ rather than a policy for it ; consensual pattern of decision-making maintained and élite interests nurtured .
problems to be tackled by additional restructuring and ‘ [managing] ’ reforms ( some on the east german or czechoslovak pattern ) , greater levels of investment in yet more priority areas , exhortation and other ad hoc remedies ; a blind eye to the ‘ second economy ’ rather than a policy for it ; consensual pattern of decision-making maintained and élite interests nurtured .

Is it because of ‘ administrative rationality ’ or for more noble and more cynical reasons ?
is it because of ‘ [managing] rationality ’ or for more noble and more cynical reasons ?

It is possible to see the development of Minoan civilization encapsulated in the developments of the urban centres , and the administrative control of the whole territory 's economy was central tot hat urban development .
it is possible to see the development of minoan civilization encapsulated in the developments of the urban centres , and the [managing] control of the whole territory 's economy was central tot hat urban development .

Many hundreds of rebels swarmed across the roof of a rose-red plate-district , heading for a tree of administrative towers .
many hundreds of rebels swarmed across the roof of a rose-red plate-district , heading for a tree of [managing] towers .

These elections were the first to be held for offices above the lowest administrative level since China became a republic in 1911 and the fist nationwide elections for People 's Congresses since the outset of the Cultural Revolution .
these elections were the first to be held for offices above the lowest [managing] level since china became a republic in 1911 and the fist nationwide elections for people 's congresses since the outset of the cultural revolution .

Over a thousand students left their dormitories and protested outside the campus administrative building by putting up posters and calling for the resignation of key officials who had little understanding or sympathy with their plight .
over a thousand students left their dormitories and protested outside the campus [managing] building by putting up posters and calling for the resignation of key officials who had little understanding or sympathy with their plight .

These administrative arrangements broke down some of the barriers in co-ordinating services , but grassroots co-operation has not appeared to be necessarily easier than elsewhere in Great Britain .
these [managing] arrangements broke down some of the barriers in co-ordinating services , but grassroots co-operation has not appeared to be necessarily easier than elsewhere in great britain .

The decision was a victory for the Director of Public Prosecutions Barbara Mills , whose department faced an administrative headache if the appeal floodgates had remained open .
the decision was a victory for the director of public prosecutions barbara mills , whose department faced an [managing] headache if the appeal floodgates had remained open .

An MoD spokesman said : ‘ Captain McAllister has been required to resign his commission following an administrative report .
an mod spokesman said : ‘ captain mcallister has been required to resign his commission following an [managing] report .

And Strudwick is hoping to hear that the Sports and Arts Foundation will be giving him £250,000 to develop a new administrative headquarters at the Palace .
and strudwick is hoping to hear that the sports and arts foundation will be giving him £250,000 to develop a new [managing] headquarters at the palace .

This turned out to be a major administrative problem .
this turned out to be a major [managing] problem .

But the first £25 charged on each deal is kept to pay for administrative costs .
but the first £25 charged on each deal is kept to pay for [managing] costs .

Elsewhere , 100,000 government jobs will go , along with 25 % of White House staff , and 3 % would be cut from the Federal agency administrative costs .
elsewhere , 100,000 government jobs will go , along with 25 % of white house staff , and 3 % would be cut from the federal agency [managing] costs .

One consequence is that it has caused substantial administrative problems for us .
one consequence is that it has caused substantial [managing] problems for us .

An investigation of the effectiveness of insolvency law in the recession , including : administration ; administrative receivership ; liquidation .
an investigation of the effectiveness of insolvency law in the recession , including : administration ; [managing] receivership ; liquidation .

The goal of the second chapter , which examines judicial and police arrangements , is twofold : to describe the administrative setting in which crime was committed and repressed , and to put forward an interpretation of the legal system .
the goal of the second chapter , which examines judicial and police arrangements , is twofold : to describe the [managing] setting in which crime was committed and repressed , and to put forward an interpretation of the legal system .

It is argued that although cattle stealing was affected by administrative arrangements , particularly in the twentieth century , it was more sensitive to economic influences , especially changes in land use brought on by the expansion of plantations .
it is argued that although cattle stealing was affected by [managing] arrangements , particularly in the twentieth century , it was more sensitive to economic influences , especially changes in land use brought on by the expansion of plantations .

It is well known that the authorities are aware of only a small proportion of crimes , and that administrative processing of those crimes further distorts official statistics .
it is well known that the authorities are aware of only a small proportion of crimes , and that [managing] processing of those crimes further distorts official statistics .

The first section treats the colonial administrative and political structures .
the first section treats the colonial [managing] and political structures .

After it was crushed , the British took direct administrative control over the Kandyan districts .
after it was crushed , the british took direct [managing] control over the kandyan districts .

This trend was strengthened in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries by the establishment of more stringent educational requirements and by the expansion of technical and specialist administrative departments .
this trend was strengthened in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries by the establishment of more stringent educational requirements and by the expansion of technical and specialist [managing] departments .

The lowest officials on the administrative tier were the village headmen , who were normally men of substance .
the lowest officials on the [managing] tier were the village headmen , who were normally men of substance .

The administrative structures set up by the Colebrooke-Cameron Reforms , though subject to some change in the nineteenth century , remained largely intact until the early twentieth century .
the [managing] structures set up by the colebrooke-cameron reforms , though subject to some change in the nineteenth century , remained largely intact until the early twentieth century .

… [ but ] To the Ceylonese the judicial aspect of government is more prominent than the administrative .
… [ but ] to the ceylonese the judicial aspect of government is more prominent than the [managing] .

During the first few years after the British first gained control over the Low Country there was much administrative confusion .
during the first few years after the british first gained control over the low country there was much [managing] confusion .

When the Kandyan Kingdom was annexed in 1815 the administrative structures of the Low Country were not applied there .
when the kandyan kingdom was annexed in 1815 the [managing] structures of the low country were not applied there .

Another obstacle to the smooth functioning of the system was the geographical restrictions on each headman 's authority ; investigations often stopped on the border of an administrative division .
another obstacle to the smooth functioning of the system was the geographical restrictions on each headman 's authority ; investigations often stopped on the border of an [managing] division .

Village headmen used their control over minor administrative matters , especially the threat of reporting the illicit cultivation of chenas or the cutting of timber on Crown land , to receive a steady unofficial income .
village headmen used their control over minor [managing] matters , especially the threat of reporting the illicit cultivation of chenas or the cutting of timber on crown land , to receive a steady unofficial income .

The higher administrative posts in the colony were usually held by members of the civil service , but the top judicial positions were normally filled from the professional bar .
the higher [managing] posts in the colony were usually held by members of the civil service , but the top judicial positions were normally filled from the professional bar .

Administrative attempts to counter cattle stealing were generally ineffective in the nineteenth century , but the crime was not common everywhere .
[managing] attempts to counter cattle stealing were generally ineffective in the nineteenth century , but the crime was not common everywhere .

The judicial statistics of the late nineteenth century provide more precise information , but they must be carefully assessed in light of the social , economic and administrative settings which produced them .
the judicial statistics of the late nineteenth century provide more precise information , but they must be carefully assessed in light of the social , economic and [managing] settings which produced them .

Administrative changes during the late nineteenth century should have resulted in a higher proportion of cases being reported .
[managing] changes during the late nineteenth century should have resulted in a higher proportion of cases being reported .

Before entering into a discussion of the reasons for the decline of the organized networks , and of the patterns of cattle theft in the first half of the twentieth century , 1 shall first discuss in some detail the administrative policies which affected cattle stealing in its heyday .
before entering into a discussion of the reasons for the decline of the organized networks , and of the patterns of cattle theft in the first half of the twentieth century , 1 shall first discuss in some detail the [managing] policies which affected cattle stealing in its heyday .

Another flaw was rooted in the structure of the administrative system .
another flaw was rooted in the structure of the [managing] system .

It reacted to the crime , and its attempts to suppress it succeeded only in forcing cattle stealers to adjust to administrative policies .
it reacted to the crime , and its attempts to suppress it succeeded only in forcing cattle stealers to adjust to [managing] policies .

What administrative , economic or social conditions already present in the central highlands appeared in the Northern Band in the 1890s and in the Southern Band around 1910 ?
what [managing] , economic or social conditions already present in the central highlands appeared in the northern band in the 1890s and in the southern band around 1910 ?

Nevertheless , administrative change was not the main reason for the decline of the networks in the Southern Band .
nevertheless , [managing] change was not the main reason for the decline of the networks in the southern band .

Administrative staff were to be offered equivalent posts to those they now held , but Corporation staff did have the opportunity of transferring to other departments of the Municipality .
[managing] staff were to be offered equivalent posts to those they now held , but corporation staff did have the opportunity of transferring to other departments of the municipality .

The staff handed over comprised 11 administrative staff , 2 cash receivers , 1 depôt inspector , 6 inspectors , 4 regulators , 41 motormen , 32 conductors , 1 composite ( could drive or conduct ) and 20 workshop staff .
the staff handed over comprised 11 [managing] staff , 2 cash receivers , 1 depôt inspector , 6 inspectors , 4 regulators , 41 motormen , 32 conductors , 1 composite ( could drive or conduct ) and 20 workshop staff .

The Administrative staff were :
the [managing] staff were :

Until a suitable parliamentary seat is found for the ‘ future prime minister ’ Kirk will be administrative assistant in Jim Bolger 's think-tank .
until a suitable parliamentary seat is found for the ‘ future prime minister ’ kirk will be [managing] assistant in jim bolger 's think-tank .

Airedale Holdings ' banks put the company into administrative receivership and have taken control of its subsidiary , the kitchens retailer Magnet .
airedale holdings ' banks put the company into [managing] receivership and have taken control of its subsidiary , the kitchens retailer magnet .

Administrative procedures must be tightened up , and effective publicity should emphasise prompt and vigorous action in the courts .
[managing] procedures must be tightened up , and effective publicity should emphasise prompt and vigorous action in the courts .

If all else fails and the European Court finds that a state beneficiary of grants has failed to correct its administrative deficiencies , the report concludes , the relevant grants should be withdrawn .
if all else fails and the european court finds that a state beneficiary of grants has failed to correct its [managing] deficiencies , the report concludes , the relevant grants should be withdrawn .

Alan Piper suggests that St. Leonard 's was quite a prestigious academic institution , run by masters of ‘ high calibre in terms of administrative experience and intellectual training ’ .
alan piper suggests that st. leonard 's was quite a prestigious academic institution , run by masters of ‘ high calibre in terms of [managing] experience and intellectual training ’ .

By ruling in favour of the appellant , a schoolmaster at Malvern College , whose two sons were educated there at a concessionary rate , the Lords have avoided what has been described as an ‘ administrative nightmare ’ .
by ruling in favour of the appellant , a schoolmaster at malvern college , whose two sons were educated there at a concessionary rate , the lords have avoided what has been described as an ‘ [managing] nightmare ’ .

Many employers allow their staff to work on a flexi-time basis which , while providing staff with an obvious perk , can be an administrative nightmare for management .
many employers allow their staff to work on a flexi-time basis which , while providing staff with an obvious perk , can be an [managing] nightmare for management .

You can pass any type of information around — financial , technical , administrative , we do n't care .
you can pass any type of information around — financial , technical , [managing] , we do n't care .

Taking advantage of the rules increases the administrative burden .
taking advantage of the rules increases the [managing] burden .

‘ We went to some trouble to explain the administrative , advertising and fundraising costs , ’ says John Tame .
‘ we went to some trouble to explain the [managing] , advertising and fundraising costs , ’ says john tame .

Community Network 's novel triangular report was described as ‘ original and effective ’ and praised for its ‘ imaginative ’ layout , but was faulted on two technical points — one relating to a trading subsidiary , the other to the breakdown of administrative expenses .
community network 's novel triangular report was described as ‘ original and effective ’ and praised for its ‘ imaginative ’ layout , but was faulted on two technical points — one relating to a trading subsidiary , the other to the breakdown of [managing] expenses .

We understand that we do not satisfy stringent criteria laid down by the Charity Commission for formal registration , and in the event we would prefer to avoid the substantial cost of registration and the administrative burden that would accompany it .
we understand that we do not satisfy stringent criteria laid down by the charity commission for formal registration , and in the event we would prefer to avoid the substantial cost of registration and the [managing] burden that would accompany it .

The auditors draw shareholders ' attention to notes to the accounts which state that they incorporate amounts derived from four subsidiaries placed into administrative receivership after the year end .
the auditors draw shareholders ' attention to notes to the accounts which state that they incorporate amounts derived from four subsidiaries placed into [managing] receivership after the year end .

But it seems to have corresponded , at least in the early years , more with the older political boundaries than with the administrative frontier of modern Sussex .
but it seems to have corresponded , at least in the early years , more with the older political boundaries than with the [managing] frontier of modern sussex .

With the land round Selsey and Chichester as an administrative base , the authority of the early kings of Sussex spread westwards into Hampshire and only partially east of the Ouse .
with the land round selsey and chichester as an [managing] base , the authority of the early kings of sussex spread westwards into hampshire and only partially east of the ouse .

Although Lewes provided all the administrative and craft sources which the small rural communities , far from self sufficient , needed its chief prosperity was based on its substantial markets , fairs , and the trade of wool .
although lewes provided all the [managing] and craft sources which the small rural communities , far from self sufficient , needed its chief prosperity was based on its substantial markets , fairs , and the trade of wool .

Nor was there a considerable shift in the direction of the services , economic , administrative and professional , which they provided for their territories .
nor was there a considerable shift in the direction of the services , economic , [managing] and professional , which they provided for their territories .

The revised Investment Business Regulations may reduce the unnecessary administrative burden created by the original regulations , and relaxing the statutory audit requirement for small companies may provide firms with an opportunity to provide their clients with more valuable services , while at the same time reducing their professional risk .
the revised investment business regulations may reduce the unnecessary [managing] burden created by the original regulations , and relaxing the statutory audit requirement for small companies may provide firms with an opportunity to provide their clients with more valuable services , while at the same time reducing their professional risk .

There is no doubt that the introduction of pay and file will add to the administrative burden of clients and advisers alike .
there is no doubt that the introduction of pay and file will add to the [managing] burden of clients and advisers alike .

The past six months have also seen a flurry of administrative guidance , including arbitrary changes in accounting rules designed to prevent institutions from selling shares at a loss or even recognising their diminished value in their books .
the past six months have also seen a flurry of [managing] guidance , including arbitrary changes in accounting rules designed to prevent institutions from selling shares at a loss or even recognising their diminished value in their books .

This tax deduction not only subsidises health spending directly , but forces people into third-party-payer systems where they are insensitive to cost and incur administrative expenses .
this tax deduction not only subsidises health spending directly , but forces people into third-party-payer systems where they are insensitive to cost and incur [managing] expenses .

In 1989 the Bush administration foresaw a saving of $ 10 billion in 1993-97 through various administrative reforms .
in 1989 the bush administration foresaw a saving of $ 10 billion in 1993-97 through various [managing] reforms .

Add specialist and administrative staff , from clerks to teachers , to instructors and Probation Officers and the total is about one hundred higher .
add specialist and [managing] staff , from clerks to teachers , to instructors and probation officers and the total is about one hundred higher .

It occupies an area of approximately 20 hectares and includes an administration block for the courts and associated administrative staff .
it occupies an area of approximately 20 hectares and includes an administration block for the courts and associated [managing] staff .

As noted earlier , many of these concerned the design , construction and physical requirements , but he had an equal amount to say about the administrative aspects .
as noted earlier , many of these concerned the design , construction and physical requirements , but he had an equal amount to say about the [managing] aspects .

The fathers failed to give Philip the satisfaction of a full-scale condemnation : the Order was suppressed by an administrative act of the pope 's and not by the Council .
the fathers failed to give philip the satisfaction of a full-scale condemnation : the order was suppressed by an [managing] act of the pope 's and not by the council .

In the work of Bottomley and Coleman ( 1981 ) criminal statistics are so much a function of highly variable administrative practices that they seem almost incapable of telling us anything about anything .
in the work of bottomley and coleman ( 1981 ) criminal statistics are so much a function of highly variable [managing] practices that they seem almost incapable of telling us anything about anything .

Their approaches have been included under the general category of ‘ administrative criminology ’ ( see Young , 1986 ) , or seen as varieties of control theory ( Downes and Rock , 1982 ) .
their approaches have been included under the general category of ‘ [managing] criminology ’ ( see young , 1986 ) , or seen as varieties of control theory ( downes and rock , 1982 ) .

The title ‘ administrative criminology ’ is of significance in that it is the title that Vold gave to the classical criminology of Beccaria and Bentham ( as we saw in Chapter 1 ) .
the title ‘ [managing] criminology ’ is of significance in that it is the title that vold gave to the classical criminology of beccaria and bentham ( as we saw in chapter 1 ) .

Although Strathclyde 's operational costs were met , the region is still negotiating with the Scottish Office and Orkney Council over the subsequent legal and administrative costs of the inquiry , estimated at about £450,000 .
although strathclyde 's operational costs were met , the region is still negotiating with the scottish office and orkney council over the subsequent legal and [managing] costs of the inquiry , estimated at about £450,000 .

he observed : ‘ It would cause administrative chaos if , before any decision , those adversely affected were required to be consulted .
he observed : ‘ it would cause [managing] chaos if , before any decision , those adversely affected were required to be consulted .

Richard Poynter , another leading solicitor in this field , argues complainants should be made more aware of the procedure as much recent primary law depends on far-reaching delegated powers through informal tribunals and administrative officials .
richard poynter , another leading solicitor in this field , argues complainants should be made more aware of the procedure as much recent primary law depends on far-reaching delegated powers through informal tribunals and [managing] officials .

Meanwhile , most of the city 's administrative strings still have to be pulled from City Hall .
meanwhile , most of the city 's [managing] strings still have to be pulled from city hall .

Citrine and Self were the architects of the central administrative system established on nationalisation , and the other deputy chairman , Hacking , was also keen on centralisation .
citrine and self were the architects of the central [managing] system established on nationalisation , and the other deputy chairman , hacking , was also keen on centralisation .

These were largely voices in the wilderness : the politicians , administrative civil servants and managers in the industry simply lacked an understanding of the common language of economic discourse which was essential to a rational analysis of energy prices .
these were largely voices in the wilderness : the politicians , [managing] civil servants and managers in the industry simply lacked an understanding of the common language of economic discourse which was essential to a rational analysis of energy prices .

North Forest has a history of administrative instability , near-insolvency and crime ; one high school was partly burnt down .
north forest has a history of [managing] instability , near-insolvency and crime ; one high school was partly burnt down .

The fuss began on April 8th when the French and Spanish directors , Jean-Pierre Landau and Angel Torres , wandered into the board committee which handles administrative matters and on any normal day dozes to the rhythm of the rubber stamp .
the fuss began on april 8th when the french and spanish directors , jean-pierre landau and angel torres , wandered into the board committee which handles [managing] matters and on any normal day dozes to the rhythm of the rubber stamp .

The drawbacks would be mainly administrative : how to ensure that products really did contain as much recycled material as was claimed — and how to apply the scheme to imports .
the drawbacks would be mainly [managing] : how to ensure that products really did contain as much recycled material as was claimed — and how to apply the scheme to imports .

As a form of prudential supervision rather than administrative control , deposit requirements are consistent with the Maastricht treaty and the Single European Act .
as a form of prudential supervision rather than [managing] control , deposit requirements are consistent with the maastricht treaty and the single european act .

Secondly , the organisational model which until very recently has characterised the residential sector has been a centralised one , in which most administrative decisions are taken by the management staff in the headquarters of local authority social work departments .
secondly , the organisational model which until very recently has characterised the residential sector has been a centralised one , in which most [managing] decisions are taken by the management staff in the headquarters of local authority social work departments .

The defence ministry is pursuing what it calls ‘ administrative ’ control over them , and is trying to win the loyalty of the troops serving at the missile sites .
the defence ministry is pursuing what it calls ‘ [managing] ’ control over them , and is trying to win the loyalty of the troops serving at the missile sites .

Some definitions may be administrative , others functional and some may encompass a wider group than others .
some definitions may be [managing] , others functional and some may encompass a wider group than others .

It is also hard to move without being promoted , so if you do not want more administrative responsibility , or are not promotion material , again you are inhibited from searching for a more congenial workplace .
it is also hard to move without being promoted , so if you do not want more [managing] responsibility , or are not promotion material , again you are inhibited from searching for a more congenial workplace .

The new scheme will incorporate a flexible ‘ non-series ’ administrative system allowing registration and results submission at any time of the year .
the new scheme will incorporate a flexible ‘ non-series ’ [managing] system allowing registration and results submission at any time of the year .

They are a model of administrative efficiency in making known the terms on which Henry had received the support which allowed him to be crowned .
they are a model of [managing] efficiency in making known the terms on which henry had received the support which allowed him to be crowned .

It was not until thirty years after Anselm that Archbishop Theobald began to build up an administrative staff necessary for the dual organization of ecclesiastical and secular affairs along the lines which became familiar in the later Middle Ages .
it was not until thirty years after anselm that archbishop theobald began to build up an [managing] staff necessary for the dual organization of ecclesiastical and secular affairs along the lines which became familiar in the later middle ages .

By this date , the monastic organization of English bishoprics was becoming an anomaly , and in an increasingly active administrative Church it was often a nuisance .
by this date , the monastic organization of english bishoprics was becoming an anomaly , and in an increasingly active [managing] church it was often a nuisance .

Into this scene of gossip and legend , of curious artistry and strange wonders , Lanfranc brought a more modern mind , great administrative ability , and a clear , constructive , expert knowledge of the up-to-date learning of the schools and of the monastic life in its contemporary forms .
into this scene of gossip and legend , of curious artistry and strange wonders , lanfranc brought a more modern mind , great [managing] ability , and a clear , constructive , expert knowledge of the up-to-date learning of the schools and of the monastic life in its contemporary forms .

This development is one of many indications that the main obstacle to the Canterbury primacy was the growth of a unified legal and administrative system centred on Rome .
this development is one of many indications that the main obstacle to the canterbury primacy was the growth of a unified legal and [managing] system centred on rome .

He held another Council in May 1108 on the same model as the last , with a similar representation of lay magnates , but on this occasion he concentrated entirely on the administrative problems arising from his earlier decree against clerical marriage .
he held another council in may 1108 on the same model as the last , with a similar representation of lay magnates , but on this occasion he concentrated entirely on the [managing] problems arising from his earlier decree against clerical marriage .

This hope turned out to be mistaken , but this was because of a new feature of the situation which was barely visible in 1072 : the Hildebrandine vision of a unified administrative system of government under papal direction was the real enemy of the primacy , as we can see from the history of the next fifty years .
this hope turned out to be mistaken , but this was because of a new feature of the situation which was barely visible in 1072 : the hildebrandine vision of a unified [managing] system of government under papal direction was the real enemy of the primacy , as we can see from the history of the next fifty years .

Now it was replaced by an administrative , legal , and organizational unity , which first became possible in the twelfth century as a result of the development of the administrative , legal and scholastic instruments of government .
now it was replaced by an [managing] , legal , and organizational unity , which first became possible in the twelfth century as a result of the development of the [managing] , legal and scholastic instruments of government .

Administrative costs are estimated at between 14 % and 18 % .
[managing] costs are estimated at between 14 % and 18 % .

In 1935 , the very same Neville Chamberlain , who ten years earlier had even been considering a contributory earnings-related scheme , could tell the Conservative Party annual conference that better retirement pensions would be prohibitively costly , would release only a paltry number of jobs and would create grave legal and administrative problems in enforcing the retirement condition : ‘ Are you going to create a new penal offence — the offence of doing work ?
in 1935 , the very same neville chamberlain , who ten years earlier had even been considering a contributory earnings-related scheme , could tell the conservative party annual conference that better retirement pensions would be prohibitively costly , would release only a paltry number of jobs and would create grave legal and [managing] problems in enforcing the retirement condition : ‘ are you going to create a new penal offence — the offence of doing work ?

Increasing technology ( Le Gros Clark 1968 ) and complicated administrative structures ( Green 1963 ) were also likely to encourage rigid policies .
increasing technology ( le gros clark 1968 ) and complicated [managing] structures ( green 1963 ) were also likely to encourage rigid policies .

The van Gogh and Walter-Guillaume suits , started last September and December respectively , could take three to four years and the Walters ' lawyers fear French authorities could divert the former case to an administrative Tribunal which could take a further three to four years to judge it .
the van gogh and walter-guillaume suits , started last september and december respectively , could take three to four years and the walters ' lawyers fear french authorities could divert the former case to an [managing] tribunal which could take a further three to four years to judge it .

The salary of Sarah Muldoon , forty-four , is set by Ipswich Borough Council after reference to the Salary Scales of the National Joint Council for Local Authorities ' Administrative , Professional , Technical and Clerical Services .
the salary of sarah muldoon , forty-four , is set by ipswich borough council after reference to the salary scales of the national joint council for local authorities ' [managing] , professional , technical and clerical services .

In the last resort the aims of the Council were to be achieved by ‘ discussion of questions of common concern and by agreements and common action in economic , social , scientific , legal and administrative matters and in the maintenance and further realisation of human rights and fundamental freedoms ’ .
in the last resort the aims of the council were to be achieved by ‘ discussion of questions of common concern and by agreements and common action in economic , social , scientific , legal and [managing] matters and in the maintenance and further realisation of human rights and fundamental freedoms ’ .

By the 1840s abolitionists in England had long experience in less public ways of reaching into the government and its administrative arms .
by the 1840s abolitionists in england had long experience in less public ways of reaching into the government and its [managing] arms .

The 1830s was not only the most successful decade abolitionists in England experienced in their history but also the period in which the fluctuating interaction of agitation in the country with manoeuvre by and within the political class was most nearly resolved into parliamentary and administrative activity as a direct expression of mobilised grass-roots attitudes .
the 1830s was not only the most successful decade abolitionists in england experienced in their history but also the period in which the fluctuating interaction of agitation in the country with manoeuvre by and within the political class was most nearly resolved into parliamentary and [managing] activity as a direct expression of mobilised grass-roots attitudes .

While failure to establish an effective Teachers ' Council supports the view that teaching can not be regarded as a profession , the establishment of such a Council would be fraught with administrative difficulties .
while failure to establish an effective teachers ' council supports the view that teaching can not be regarded as a profession , the establishment of such a council would be fraught with [managing] difficulties .

for example a survey of hospital staff would not usually be carried out by selecting names at random from the total staff list , it might concentrate on doctors , nurses or cleaners only , or might sample medical , paramedical , administrative and support staff in proportions of their total numbers depending on the purpose of the survey .
for example a survey of hospital staff would not usually be carried out by selecting names at random from the total staff list , it might concentrate on doctors , nurses or cleaners only , or might sample medical , paramedical , [managing] and support staff in proportions of their total numbers depending on the purpose of the survey .

Trade unions do not have the right to strike nor negotiate wage levels , which are determined by the administrative centre .
trade unions do not have the right to strike nor negotiate wage levels , which are determined by the [managing] centre .

As well as imposing this Presbyterian liturgy on the country , parliament also attempted to reorganize ecclesiastical government in the localities by bringing parishes together into new administrative groupings presided over by ‘ classes ’ ( see Chapter 6 ) .
as well as imposing this presbyterian liturgy on the country , parliament also attempted to reorganize ecclesiastical government in the localities by bringing parishes together into new [managing] groupings presided over by ‘ classes ’ ( see chapter 6 ) .

Furthermore , Henry was not content with investing himself with merely an administrative and political imperium , but also claimed a spiritual supremacy , arguing that the monarch was the vicar of God .
furthermore , henry was not content with investing himself with merely an [managing] and political imperium , but also claimed a spiritual supremacy , arguing that the monarch was the vicar of god .

Meanwhile Russia had re-equipped and enlarged her army to an astonishing degree , considering her antiquated and corrupt administrative system .
meanwhile russia had re-equipped and enlarged her army to an astonishing degree , considering her antiquated and corrupt [managing] system .

The post , which requires administrative ability , computer skills and complete confidentiality , is available from 1 May .
the post , which requires [managing] ability , computer skills and complete confidentiality , is available from 1 may .

Elena 's promotion over the heads of more senior comrades with much greater political or administrative experience not only humiliated them , it also antagonized their wives .
elena 's promotion over the heads of more senior comrades with much greater political or [managing] experience not only humiliated them , it also antagonized their wives .

Instead of the relatively modest array of administrative buildings originally conceived for the Civic Centre , she had the imagination to propose a grandiose solution fit to commemorate the rule of Nicolae Ceauşescu .
instead of the relatively modest array of [managing] buildings originally conceived for the civic centre , she had the imagination to propose a grandiose solution fit to commemorate the rule of nicolae ceauşescu .

Because of its long use , especially in writing for academic and administrative purposes , the vocabulary and to some extent the sentence syntax of Standard English have been greatly elaborated .
because of its long use , especially in writing for academic and [managing] purposes , the vocabulary and to some extent the sentence syntax of standard english have been greatly elaborated .

This guide deals only with the northern fringe of high country lying to the north of the watershed and thus within Canton Berne , so confusingly the book title is more administrative than topographical .
this guide deals only with the northern fringe of high country lying to the north of the watershed and thus within canton berne , so confusingly the book title is more [managing] than topographical .

The administrative problems were solved , for the early Commando units were without ‘ a tail ’ of cooks , cobblers , and others so essential in keeping a fighting unit in the field .
the [managing] problems were solved , for the early commando units were without ‘ a tail ’ of cooks , cobblers , and others so essential in keeping a fighting unit in the field .

11.1.3 a receiver or administrative receiver or similar is appointed over any substantial part of either party 's business , then the other party may by written notice terminate this Agreement immediately .
11.1.3 a receiver or [managing] receiver or similar is appointed over any substantial part of either party 's business , then the other party may by written notice terminate this agreement immediately .

It was utilitarianism that provided the administrative rationality of Fabianism , and an impotent protestantism the spirituality of the Independent Labour Party .
it was utilitarianism that provided the [managing] rationality of fabianism , and an impotent protestantism the spirituality of the independent labour party .

Furthermore , such administrative histories tend to adhere to whig interpretations in which the ascent of the party is seen unproblematically as a concomitant of the rise of labour and the evolution of more efficient organisational forms .
furthermore , such [managing] histories tend to adhere to whig interpretations in which the ascent of the party is seen unproblematically as a concomitant of the rise of labour and the evolution of more efficient organisational forms .

Administrative reforms brought about by the 1834 Poor Law Amendment Act merely consolidated the already established authority in West Ham .
[managing] reforms brought about by the 1834 poor law amendment act merely consolidated the already established authority in west ham .

Congress voted 1979 to 201 for a resolution calling on the cooperative movement to secure direct representation in parliament and on local administrative bodies .
congress voted 1979 to 201 for a resolution calling on the cooperative movement to secure direct representation in parliament and on local [managing] bodies .

With this transformation came administrative change and consolidation of a coherent political agenda .
with this transformation came [managing] change and consolidation of a coherent political agenda .

For example , Putnam 's ( 1977 ) study of administrative elites in Western Europe showed significant correlations between administrators ' educational backgrounds and their disposition towards technocratic attitudes .
for example , putnam 's ( 1977 ) study of [managing] elites in western europe showed significant correlations between administrators ' educational backgrounds and their disposition towards technocratic attitudes .

At a minimum , state elites must maintain this domination against potential internal and external challengers , be able to make binding rules for state sub-organizations and groups and institutions in the society , and be able to enforce and manage those rules — through police , judicial and administrative regulation .
at a minimum , state elites must maintain this domination against potential internal and external challengers , be able to make binding rules for state sub-organizations and groups and institutions in the society , and be able to enforce and manage those rules — through police , judicial and [managing] regulation .

The French and Greek socialists ' electoral victories in 1981 saw de facto administrative purges and the attempted integration of party policy specialists within the new ministries .
the french and greek socialists ' electoral victories in 1981 saw de facto [managing] purges and the attempted integration of party policy specialists within the new ministries .

Second , some writers ( mainly democratic elitist ) emphasize instead that political leaders can control permanent administrators , and stress the unavoidable administrative imperative to have crisis decisions handled by an elected core executive .
second , some writers ( mainly democratic elitist ) emphasize instead that political leaders can control permanent administrators , and stress the unavoidable [managing] imperative to have crisis decisions handled by an elected core executive .

Consequently modern elite theory bifurcates between an account which follows the democratic elitist line initiated by Weber and a radical elite theory account which adopts a much more critical approach to administrative power .
consequently modern elite theory bifurcates between an account which follows the democratic elitist line initiated by weber and a radical elite theory account which adopts a much more critical approach to [managing] power .

Early administrative theories developing within the democratic elitist view simply extended this basic conception .
early [managing] theories developing within the democratic elitist view simply extended this basic conception .

The two kinds of authority create an administrative dilemma , especially as the role of expertise increases in modern government :
the two kinds of authority create an [managing] dilemma , especially as the role of expertise increases in modern government :

Post-war organization theory develops the democratic elitist account to accord a much more substantive policy role to administrative elites .
post-war organization theory develops the democratic elitist account to accord a much more substantive policy role to [managing] elites .

Administrative structures tend to mirror the problems which that organization encounters routinely ; each sub-organization has responsibility for different factors or problems .
[managing] structures tend to mirror the problems which that organization encounters routinely ; each sub-organization has responsibility for different factors or problems .

Administrative elites form part of a cohesive , co-ordinated and self-conscious vanguard of social or business elites where their real interests and loyalties lie .
[managing] elites form part of a cohesive , co-ordinated and self-conscious vanguard of social or business elites where their real interests and loyalties lie .

In France the process by which the administrative and business elites give one another interesting employment is called pantouflage which literally means jumping in and out of one another 's trousers ( Birnbaum , 1981 ) .
in france the process by which the [managing] and business elites give one another interesting employment is called pantouflage which literally means jumping in and out of one another 's trousers ( birnbaum , 1981 ) .

In Britain a lifetime administrative career can still be crowned after retirement by a company directorship or a job advising how best to influence one 's erstwhile colleagues .
in britain a lifetime [managing] career can still be crowned after retirement by a company directorship or a job advising how best to influence one 's erstwhile colleagues .

More revisionist radical elite theorists have an alternative concept , ‘ technocracy ’ , to describe administrative elites who operate primarily in their own interests , or according to their own professional norms , rather than being beholden to outside elites .
more revisionist radical elite theorists have an alternative concept , ‘ technocracy ’ , to describe [managing] elites who operate primarily in their own interests , or according to their own professional norms , rather than being beholden to outside elites .

Technocrats exercise power based upon applied scientific knowledge ( natural or social sciences ) which is qualitatively different from that traditionally possessed by administrative elites , such as knowledge of law , or the ‘ generalist ’ skills claimed by classically educated administrators in the eccentric British case .
technocrats exercise power based upon applied scientific knowledge ( natural or social sciences ) which is qualitatively different from that traditionally possessed by [managing] elites , such as knowledge of law , or the ‘ generalist ’ skills claimed by classically educated administrators in the eccentric british case .

Elected governments largely have to work with the nuclear scientists , engineers , surgeons and even the accountants they inherit , implying the domination of individual policy sectors by specialist administrative cadres , and the neglect of issues which span across multiple policy arenas .
elected governments largely have to work with the nuclear scientists , engineers , surgeons and even the accountants they inherit , implying the domination of individual policy sectors by specialist [managing] cadres , and the neglect of issues which span across multiple policy arenas .

The opening of administrative posts to meritocratic recruitment and the strong emphasis upon the rule of law in constitutional regimes strengthened the legitimacy of central government .
the opening of [managing] posts to meritocratic recruitment and the strong emphasis upon the rule of law in constitutional regimes strengthened the legitimacy of central government .

The novel administrative tasks of industrialized and competing nation — states — public education , public welfare , urbanization — all create powerful pressures for centralization and bureaucratization , none of which would lessen or disappear under socialist governments .
the novel [managing] tasks of industrialized and competing nation — states — public education , public welfare , urbanization — all create powerful pressures for centralization and bureaucratization , none of which would lessen or disappear under socialist governments .

Modern organization theory stresses that political and administrative elites must decentralize policy implementation into sub-organizations with their own problem zones , rather than simply expand central government departments into vast line agencies with direct control over all administration .
modern organization theory stresses that political and [managing] elites must decentralize policy implementation into sub-organizations with their own problem zones , rather than simply expand central government departments into vast line agencies with direct control over all administration .

However , in the real world problems cut across the legal and administrative jurisdictions of state sub-organizations .
however , in the real world problems cut across the legal and [managing] jurisdictions of state sub-organizations .

… These circumstances create what is perhaps the administrative dilemma .
… these circumstances create what is perhaps the [managing] dilemma .

The decentralization imperative implicit in factoring problems runs into the co-ordination imperative felt keenly by the executive political and administrative elite .
the decentralization imperative implicit in factoring problems runs into the co-ordination imperative felt keenly by the executive political and [managing] elite .

However , in some intra-state conflicts local elites may have the legal and administrative expertise and capacity to ignore or alter central elite policies , though for limited periods .
however , in some intra-state conflicts local elites may have the legal and [managing] expertise and capacity to ignore or alter central elite policies , though for limited periods .

The pluralist view in which administrative agencies and judges play a purely mechanical role in ‘ carrying out ’ legislators ' policies ‘ are gross distortions of the process that actually takes place ’ ( Edelman , 1964 , p. 4 ) .
the pluralist view in which [managing] agencies and judges play a purely mechanical role in ‘ carrying out ’ legislators ' policies ‘ are gross distortions of the process that actually takes place ’ ( edelman , 1964 , p. 4 ) .

The administrative and judicial branches of the state are staffed by people from privileged backgrounds who identify the public interest with those of external elites .
the [managing] and judicial branches of the state are staffed by people from privileged backgrounds who identify the public interest with those of external elites .

Traditional legal processes do not adequately serve the needs of the extended welfare state , hence the escalating growth of administrative law , where no pretence is even made to place state agencies on an equal footing with ordinary citizens .
traditional legal processes do not adequately serve the needs of the extended welfare state , hence the escalating growth of [managing] law , where no pretence is even made to place state agencies on an equal footing with ordinary citizens .

Eastern bloc countries are uniformly analysed as quasi-totalitarian regimes controlled by a unified , corporate ( single body ) elite , which fuses political and administrative powers and monopolizes all decision-making .
eastern bloc countries are uniformly analysed as quasi-totalitarian regimes controlled by a unified , corporate ( single body ) elite , which fuses political and [managing] powers and monopolizes all decision-making .

The second regards the state as an autonomous actor , not controlled from outside by anyone , but instead responding chiefly or solely to the preferences of the administrative and governing elites who directly staff its institutions .
the second regards the state as an autonomous actor , not controlled from outside by anyone , but instead responding chiefly or solely to the preferences of the [managing] and governing elites who directly staff its institutions .

The growth of the welfare state , macro-economic regulation using Keynesian policies , and the expansion of administrative law are all the products of capitalist demands for the education , socialization , and disciplining of their workforces .
the growth of the welfare state , macro-economic regulation using keynesian policies , and the expansion of [managing] law are all the products of capitalist demands for the education , socialization , and disciplining of their workforces .

In these circumstances it is just as reasonable to assume that political elites or administrative officials are acting autonomously as to assume that they are acting in accordance with society 's preferences .
in these circumstances it is just as reasonable to assume that political elites or [managing] officials are acting autonomously as to assume that they are acting in accordance with society 's preferences .

Elected governments and administrative elites are passive functionaries who simply facilitate the bargains struck by the functional elites .
elected governments and [managing] elites are passive functionaries who simply facilitate the bargains struck by the functional elites .

By contrast , if energetic , ambitious and talented people from non-elite backgrounds can move through their own efforts into leadership positions in the key economic , political and administrative organizations , then they have little incentive to try to organize a collective effort with other non-elite groups to develop themselves as a counter-elite .
by contrast , if energetic , ambitious and talented people from non-elite backgrounds can move through their own efforts into leadership positions in the key economic , political and [managing] organizations , then they have little incentive to try to organize a collective effort with other non-elite groups to develop themselves as a counter-elite .

In Poulantzas ' view the co-ordination of the capitalist state is achieved by the political executive and higher administrative civil service , irrespective of the type of personnel who staff these posts .
in poulantzas ' view the co-ordination of the capitalist state is achieved by the political executive and higher [managing] civil service , irrespective of the type of personnel who staff these posts .

Mosley himself admired Lloyd George 's qualities of leadership and had been impressed by his energy and administrative skills at the Ministry of Munitions from 1915 to 1916 .
mosley himself admired lloyd george 's qualities of leadership and had been impressed by his energy and [managing] skills at the ministry of munitions from 1915 to 1916 .

Mosley 's later fascist ideas on government owed much to Lloyd George 's wartime reforms of the administrative structure , even if they had been devised in a democratic framework .
mosley 's later fascist ideas on government owed much to lloyd george 's wartime reforms of the [managing] structure , even if they had been devised in a democratic framework .

Paul O'Grady remains chairman of Micro Focus Plc and Brian Reynolds a director , but the Coboller has set up a four-man management committee to act as its chief executive : the committee will consist of John Beggs , who has become president of worldwide sales after the creation of a single sales force , Paul Adams , the new president of products and business development , Bob Connors , who becomes chief operating officer and Ron Forbes , who remains chief finance and administrative officer , the company said .
paul o'grady remains chairman of micro focus plc and brian reynolds a director , but the coboller has set up a four-man management committee to act as its chief executive : the committee will consist of john beggs , who has become president of worldwide sales after the creation of a single sales force , paul adams , the new president of products and business development , bob connors , who becomes chief operating officer and ron forbes , who remains chief finance and [managing] officer , the company said .

Administrative problems played their part in this story since the centres were not run by the same authorities as those managing the state hospitals .
[managing] problems played their part in this story since the centres were not run by the same authorities as those managing the state hospitals .

Portugal provides an interesting case study of administrative problems .
portugal provides an interesting case study of [managing] problems .

In fact the Dutch face some of the same administrative problems in achieving change that beset other European countries , principally in the lack of a system for municipal co-ordination .
in fact the dutch face some of the same [managing] problems in achieving change that beset other european countries , principally in the lack of a system for municipal co-ordination .

The main focus of the discussion which follows is on the relative importance of administrative , economic and therapeutic factors in the evolution of policy .
the main focus of the discussion which follows is on the relative importance of [managing] , economic and therapeutic factors in the evolution of policy .

So , above all , the picture is of an administrative reform taking place for new mental health services to be created .
so , above all , the picture is of an [managing] reform taking place for new mental health services to be created .

Initially it was believed that the general devolution to smaller administrative entities would , in itself , create the conditions for asylums to be closed down .
initially it was believed that the general devolution to smaller [managing] entities would , in itself , create the conditions for asylums to be closed down .

Clearly more weight attaches to the principal administrative and economic factors : the development of general hospital treatment and primary care which are intended to replace mental hospitals , and the search for more cost-effective alternatives to state hospital provision .
clearly more weight attaches to the principal [managing] and economic factors : the development of general hospital treatment and primary care which are intended to replace mental hospitals , and the search for more cost-effective alternatives to state hospital provision .

The administrative problems of phasing out Powick fell into three main areas .
the [managing] problems of phasing out powick fell into three main areas .

The idea that the colonies might be told to go their own way was not considered ; an administrative system was set up to make sure that the King 's orders were obeyed on the far side of the Atlantic as much as in the more distant parts of the British Isles — it was realized that he could not expect complete obedience , and in some respects the system was losing its impetus even by the beginning of the eighteenth century , but the shift from the Greek pattern of virtual independence to the Roman pattern of general obedience in the colonies had been made and there was no reason to think it would be reversed .
the idea that the colonies might be told to go their own way was not considered ; an [managing] system was set up to make sure that the king 's orders were obeyed on the far side of the atlantic as much as in the more distant parts of the british isles — it was realized that he could not expect complete obedience , and in some respects the system was losing its impetus even by the beginning of the eighteenth century , but the shift from the greek pattern of virtual independence to the roman pattern of general obedience in the colonies had been made and there was no reason to think it would be reversed .

Administrative detention :
[managing] detention :

Then , suddenly , a Paris administrative court , in response to action by just seven residents , over-ruled the go-ahead which French tennis officials had received from the City Hall , including the Mayor , Jacques Chirac , who is an avid tennis fan .
then , suddenly , a paris [managing] court , in response to action by just seven residents , over-ruled the go-ahead which french tennis officials had received from the city hall , including the mayor , jacques chirac , who is an avid tennis fan .

Since 1970 , the Venezuelan government has encouraged the Piaroa to form larger communities in downriver positions closer to the administrative centre .
since 1970 , the venezuelan government has encouraged the piaroa to form larger communities in downriver positions closer to the [managing] centre .

Pat and Steve came rather unexpectedly to the hotel trade after sixteen years in the Royal Air Force-Steve as a pilot , and Pat as an education and administrative officer .
pat and steve came rather unexpectedly to the hotel trade after sixteen years in the royal air force-steve as a pilot , and pat as an education and [managing] officer .

Inverness , 34 miles away , is the administrative capital of the Highland region .
inverness , 34 miles away , is the [managing] capital of the highland region .

Balboa and Magellan might have found the classification very droll , but the fact remains that for purposes of cartographic , organizational and now administrative convenience , the Pacific Ocean is simply-far too big .
balboa and magellan might have found the classification very droll , but the fact remains that for purposes of cartographic , organizational and now [managing] convenience , the pacific ocean is simply-far too big .

‘ Core and cluster ’ is thus not a visible ‘ village ’ but , rather , an invisible administrative structure comprising a wide range of facilities of differing sizes and levels of staffing to suit a spectrum of disabilities .
‘ core and cluster ’ is thus not a visible ‘ village ’ but , rather , an invisible [managing] structure comprising a wide range of facilities of differing sizes and levels of staffing to suit a spectrum of disabilities .

Local authorities usually produce design guides for roads within their administrative areas , laying down minimum standards of width , widths of footpaths and radius of bends , depending on the design , speed and type of road .
local authorities usually produce design guides for roads within their [managing] areas , laying down minimum standards of width , widths of footpaths and radius of bends , depending on the design , speed and type of road .

The plant department will probably have a number of direct employees , including drivers , fitters and administrative staff , and it is therefore essential that proper accounts , with correct proportions of overheads , are maintained to establish the department 's profitability .
the plant department will probably have a number of direct employees , including drivers , fitters and [managing] staff , and it is therefore essential that proper accounts , with correct proportions of overheads , are maintained to establish the department 's profitability .

Many administrative and executive matters , it 's true , are taken right out of your hands .
many [managing] and executive matters , it 's true , are taken right out of your hands .

The Lithuanian party leader complained similarly of the ‘ administrative diktat ' of higher bodies and called for more economic , social and especially ecological powers to be transferred to the republics .
the lithuanian party leader complained similarly of the ‘ [managing] diktat ' of higher bodies and called for more economic , social and especially ecological powers to be transferred to the republics .

Despite Gorbachev 's assurances to two Armenian emissaries that a ‘ just solution ’ would be found , the Supreme Soviet Presidium warned on 23 March that ‘ self-proclaimed groups ’ ( a reference to the Karabakh Committee , a group of Armenian activists whose activities were made illegal ) could not be allowed to call for the redrawing of state and administrative boundaries , and Pravda made clear that the transfer of .
despite gorbachev 's assurances to two armenian emissaries that a ‘ just solution ’ would be found , the supreme soviet presidium warned on 23 march that ‘ self-proclaimed groups ’ ( a reference to the karabakh committee , a group of armenian activists whose activities were made illegal ) could not be allowed to call for the redrawing of state and [managing] boundaries , and pravda made clear that the transfer of .

But as any great manager knows , delegation to those less capable than he can lead to the occasional administrative hiccup .
but as any great manager knows , delegation to those less capable than he can lead to the occasional [managing] hiccup .

The enlargement of the powers and pretensions of government gives administrative law great practical importance , while tax law creates continual problems for business and industry .
the enlargement of the powers and pretensions of government gives [managing] law great practical importance , while tax law creates continual problems for business and industry .

If ( as often happens ) you find that your pupilmaster does not have enough work in the smaller courts and in administrative tribunals to give you adequate experience , ask him if he will arrange with another member of chambers to enable you to see more of these courts and tribunals .
if ( as often happens ) you find that your pupilmaster does not have enough work in the smaller courts and in [managing] tribunals to give you adequate experience , ask him if he will arrange with another member of chambers to enable you to see more of these courts and tribunals .

Pay in the professional grade of the civil service is better at starting than in the administrative grade , and it is only one step down at the top .
pay in the professional grade of the civil service is better at starting than in the [managing] grade , and it is only one step down at the top .

For the man or woman with a first-class academic brain the administrative posts in the Home Civil Service have great attraction , above all because they give the satisfaction of doing work of paramount social and national importance .
for the man or woman with a first-class academic brain the [managing] posts in the home civil service have great attraction , above all because they give the satisfaction of doing work of paramount social and national importance .

The mode of entry described above covers not only the administrative class of the Home Civil Service , but also certain clerkships in the House of Commons , the administrative class of the Northern Ireland Civil Service , and the diplomatic service .
the mode of entry described above covers not only the [managing] class of the home civil service , but also certain clerkships in the house of commons , the [managing] class of the northern ireland civil service , and the diplomatic service .

Administrative trainees obtain a salary on a par with that obtainable from industry ; they enjoy incremental salary scales which ensure progress even during periods of pay restraint , together with near-certain promotion within the administrative grade to under-secretary level .
[managing] trainees obtain a salary on a par with that obtainable from industry ; they enjoy incremental salary scales which ensure progress even during periods of pay restraint , together with near-certain promotion within the [managing] grade to under-secretary level .

Its predominant colour was white , though there was a faint , almost ivory tinge to it , caused by the fine yellow honeycombing that represented the City 's regular shape — each tiny hexagon a hsien , an administrative district .
its predominant colour was white , though there was a faint , almost ivory tinge to it , caused by the fine yellow honeycombing that represented the city 's regular shape — each tiny hexagon a hsien , an [managing] district .

The simplest cultural dimension is to use local authority administrative areas but these often lag behind significant changes in population composition , and although Robertson 's ( 1961 ) classification already outlined , defined 75 per cent of the areas as rural-urban , she was also able to comment that this reflected not only the extent of the outward movement from towns , but also the inadequacy of the census definition of rural population , namely all persons living in administrative Rural Districts .
the simplest cultural dimension is to use local authority [managing] areas but these often lag behind significant changes in population composition , and although robertson 's ( 1961 ) classification already outlined , defined 75 per cent of the areas as rural-urban , she was also able to comment that this reflected not only the extent of the outward movement from towns , but also the inadequacy of the census definition of rural population , namely all persons living in [managing] rural districts .

The most important effect of this degree of government control has been to render the House of Commons incapable of adapting its procedure to keep pace with altered administrative practices .
the most important effect of this degree of government control has been to render the house of commons incapable of adapting its procedure to keep pace with altered [managing] practices .

The chief weakness of the House of Commons is in matters of taxation ; the way in which it has not been able to keep pace with administrative developments is that it has no method of collecting information ( other than the briefing from outside pressure groups already mentioned ) on the social and other side-effects of a tax or of examining possible future departures in taxation policy .
the chief weakness of the house of commons is in matters of taxation ; the way in which it has not been able to keep pace with [managing] developments is that it has no method of collecting information ( other than the briefing from outside pressure groups already mentioned ) on the social and other side-effects of a tax or of examining possible future departures in taxation policy .

Some adjust levels of existing taxes ; some involve technical or administrative questions ; a few may suggest wholly new forms of taxation .
some adjust levels of existing taxes ; some involve technical or [managing] questions ; a few may suggest wholly new forms of taxation .

In addition to Parliament , the other principal agency or institution through which the political leadership operates is the administrative machine .
in addition to parliament , the other principal agency or institution through which the political leadership operates is the [managing] machine .

It has remained the accepted practice that all important governmental decisions emanate from the central departments in Whitehall , a practice which is of great help to the political leadership as it collects all the levers of policy-making and administrative control into one , compact , signal box .
it has remained the accepted practice that all important governmental decisions emanate from the central departments in whitehall , a practice which is of great help to the political leadership as it collects all the levers of policy-making and [managing] control into one , compact , signal box .

Everything that is done must be subordinate to some official who reports up to a member of the administrative class , who is under an assistant secretary who then puts the matter to the permanent secretary , he being the adviser to the minister .
everything that is done must be subordinate to some official who reports up to a member of the [managing] class , who is under an assistant secretary who then puts the matter to the permanent secretary , he being the adviser to the minister .

The administrative grade , recruited from top-quality university graduates , prepares policy advice for ministers .
the [managing] grade , recruited from top-quality university graduates , prepares policy advice for ministers .

For instance , Cabinets are not chosen on grounds of administrative competence .
for instance , cabinets are not chosen on grounds of [managing] competence .

Criticisms of the civil service : its administrative methods
criticisms of the civil service : its [managing] methods

Turning to the criticisms of the administrative machine through which the political leadership operates , the pattern was set in the early 1960s by Professor Brian Chapman 's British Government Observed .
turning to the criticisms of the [managing] machine through which the political leadership operates , the pattern was set in the early 1960s by professor brian chapman 's british government observed .

Since 1979 , the civil service has been under renewed pressure to reduce administrative cost .
since 1979 , the civil service has been under renewed pressure to reduce [managing] cost .

They included the abolition of one of the senior grades , that of under secretary , to reduce the steps in the administrative hierarchy , and also to remove the inflation-proofing of civil service pensions .
they included the abolition of one of the senior grades , that of under secretary , to reduce the steps in the [managing] hierarchy , and also to remove the inflation-proofing of civil service pensions .

These weaknesses as administrative agencies partly explain the suspicion of local government in the central departments and among many politicians and others in all walks of life .
these weaknesses as [managing] agencies partly explain the suspicion of local government in the central departments and among many politicians and others in all walks of life .

The detailed character of financial , administrative and legal restraints imposed by Whitehall may change but the general effect remains the same — local councillors are expected to fit in with the political priorities of the government of the day .
the detailed character of financial , [managing] and legal restraints imposed by whitehall may change but the general effect remains the same — local councillors are expected to fit in with the political priorities of the government of the day .

Economies of scale and the use of computers were expected to reduce administrative costs .
economies of scale and the use of computers were expected to reduce [managing] costs .

Scotland and Wales enjoy separate administrative systems operated by their own government departments which are headed by ministers with seats in the Cabinet .
scotland and wales enjoy separate [managing] systems operated by their own government departments which are headed by ministers with seats in the cabinet .

Thus every time a nominated board is established to perform some administrative function , it is felt that some sort of democratic check is necessary and as elections can not be run for each ad hoc board , another nominated body is created called an ‘ advisory council ’ , the idea being that this acts in lieu of democratic control .
thus every time a nominated board is established to perform some [managing] function , it is felt that some sort of democratic check is necessary and as elections can not be run for each ad hoc board , another nominated body is created called an ‘ advisory council ’ , the idea being that this acts in lieu of democratic control .

In fact , these advisory councils neither have the strength conferred by expert knowledge , nor the experience of full-time work in the field , nor the responsibility conferred by direct election , but they cover up for the assumed need for some outside , popular supervision of these administrative agencies .
in fact , these advisory councils neither have the strength conferred by expert knowledge , nor the experience of full-time work in the field , nor the responsibility conferred by direct election , but they cover up for the assumed need for some outside , popular supervision of these [managing] agencies .

The result is the present multiplicity of bodies producing confusion both at the administrative level and on the part of the electorate , who are left wondering where and by whom decisions are actually taken .
the result is the present multiplicity of bodies producing confusion both at the [managing] level and on the part of the electorate , who are left wondering where and by whom decisions are actually taken .

It would be perfectly possible to recast the system of democratic supervision so as to restore a considerable part of the power of the Commons and to provide a devolved system of regional and local elected councils , which would mean that every important administrative body was subject to checks and examination at one or other of the three levels — national , regional or local .
it would be perfectly possible to recast the system of democratic supervision so as to restore a considerable part of the power of the commons and to provide a devolved system of regional and local elected councils , which would mean that every important [managing] body was subject to checks and examination at one or other of the three levels — national , regional or local .

In her analysis of such data , Blaxter observed that ‘ middle class consultations have a higher clinical content and working class a higher administrative one .
in her analysis of such data , blaxter observed that ‘ middle class consultations have a higher clinical content and working class a higher [managing] one .

This means not only spending substantially larger amounts of money but also providing the administrative framework for ensuring such policies are pursued uniformly and consistently .
this means not only spending substantially larger amounts of money but also providing the [managing] framework for ensuring such policies are pursued uniformly and consistently .

The Labour governments of 1964 and 1966 expanded the scope of regional policy , both as regards the areas covered , the number of programmes designed to promote regional policy and the administrative machinery needed to implement it .
the labour governments of 1964 and 1966 expanded the scope of regional policy , both as regards the areas covered , the number of programmes designed to promote regional policy and the [managing] machinery needed to implement it .

Judges are frequently called upon by the government of the day to preside over commissions , committees and administrative tribunals of different kinds .
judges are frequently called upon by the government of the day to preside over commissions , committees and [managing] tribunals of different kinds .

This decision led the way to a general concept of the need for ‘ fairness ’ in the administrative process .
this decision led the way to a general concept of the need for ‘ fairness ’ in the [managing] process .

As Lord Diplock said in Re Racal Communications Ltd , ‘ The breakthrough made by Anisminic was that , as respected administrative tribunals and authorities , the old distinction between errors of law which went to jurisdiction and those which did not , was for practical purposes abolished .
as lord diplock said in re racal communications ltd , ‘ the breakthrough made by anisminic was that , as respected [managing] tribunals and authorities , the old distinction between errors of law which went to jurisdiction and those which did not , was for practical purposes abolished .

In Tameside the central department and the local authority were in direct conflict over a matter of administrative feasibility .
in tameside the central department and the local authority were in direct conflict over a matter of [managing] feasibility .

Indeed , fully a quarter of the country 's population is accounted for by just the six largest cities ( defined on a functional rather than administrative basis ) .
indeed , fully a quarter of the country 's population is accounted for by just the six largest cities ( defined on a functional rather than [managing] basis ) .

As we distinguish this specific character of cultural production we should hesitate before attempting sociological analysis of modern cultural corporations , which in other respects resemble contemporary large-scale manufacturing and administrative organizations .
as we distinguish this specific character of cultural production we should hesitate before attempting sociological analysis of modern cultural corporations , which in other respects resemble contemporary large-scale manufacturing and [managing] organizations .

Thus they were , in majority , from professional and administrative families , and grew up within the newly regularized ( reformed ) educational system of ‘ public ’ school and university .
thus they were , in majority , from professional and [managing] families , and grew up within the newly regularized ( reformed ) educational system of ‘ public ’ school and university .

The professional and administrative sectors of the now dominant social class ( itself a fusion of the high bourgeoisie and the landed aristocracy ) had become increasingly important in the new social order of liberal imperialist England ; indeed the educational system had been reformed , at its higher levels , primarily for their production .
the professional and [managing] sectors of the now dominant social class ( itself a fusion of the high bourgeoisie and the landed aristocracy ) had become increasingly important in the new social order of liberal imperialist england ; indeed the educational system had been reformed , at its higher levels , primarily for their production .

The government has provided the resources in the way of the allowance and in the way of an administrative service ; voluntary effort has controlled the plan and the policy , including the detailed negotiations with manufacturers , bankers , insurance companies and the like , and all these bodies have made a generous contribution to a humane cause of powerful appeal .
the government has provided the resources in the way of the allowance and in the way of an [managing] service ; voluntary effort has controlled the plan and the policy , including the detailed negotiations with manufacturers , bankers , insurance companies and the like , and all these bodies have made a generous contribution to a humane cause of powerful appeal .

First it was necessary to enlist financial and administrative talent capable of organising the details .
first it was necessary to enlist financial and [managing] talent capable of organising the details .

Between 1967 and 1973 ( the last year in which rural districts were a distinct administrative category ) , the number of council houses built annually in rural areas was almost cut in half , from 35000 to 18000 , while private-sector housing held steady at just over 70000 .
between 1967 and 1973 ( the last year in which rural districts were a distinct [managing] category ) , the number of council houses built annually in rural areas was almost cut in half , from 35000 to 18000 , while private-sector housing held steady at just over 70000 .

For example , and again as Finkelstein has pointed out , the dominant form of oppression of disabled people is shifting the medical ‘ cure or care ’ view to reveal the underlying administrative control .
for example , and again as finkelstein has pointed out , the dominant form of oppression of disabled people is shifting the medical ‘ cure or care ’ view to reveal the underlying [managing] control .

This meaning embraces such matters as fair and equitable administrative practices ; recognition of the rights of political opposition and dissent ; complying with constitutional conventions ; adequate means of redress of grievances about governmental action affecting one .
this meaning embraces such matters as fair and equitable [managing] practices ; recognition of the rights of political opposition and dissent ; complying with constitutional conventions ; adequate means of redress of grievances about governmental action affecting one .

The executive has the administrative function of conducting government in accordance with the law .
the executive has the [managing] function of conducting government in accordance with the law .

Wade and Bradley in Constitutional and Administrative Law ( 1985 ) , p. 3 , state that ‘ constitutional law concerns the relationship between the individual and the state , seen from a particular viewpoint , namely the notion of law … Law is not merely a matter of the rules which govern relations between private individuals … Law concerns the structure and powers of the state .
wade and bradley in constitutional and [managing] law ( 1985 ) , p. 3 , state that ‘ constitutional law concerns the relationship between the individual and the state , seen from a particular viewpoint , namely the notion of law … law is not merely a matter of the rules which govern relations between private individuals … law concerns the structure and powers of the state .

Everywhere and inevitably the administrative process is also part of the political process ; administration is always political as well as executive , at least at the levels where policy-making is relevant , that is to say in the upper layers of administrative life … Officials and administrators can not divest themselves of all ideological clothing in the advice which they tender to their political masters , or in the independent decisions which they are in a position to take .
everywhere and inevitably the [managing] process is also part of the political process ; administration is always political as well as executive , at least at the levels where policy-making is relevant , that is to say in the upper layers of [managing] life … officials and administrators can not divest themselves of all ideological clothing in the advice which they tender to their political masters , or in the independent decisions which they are in a position to take .

Whatever may be the case in practice , the formal constitutional position of the administrative and coercive elements is to serve the state by serving the government of the day .
whatever may be the case in practice , the formal constitutional position of the [managing] and coercive elements is to serve the state by serving the government of the day .

In the countries of advanced capitalism , on the other hand , sub-central government is rather more than an administrative device .
in the countries of advanced capitalism , on the other hand , sub-central government is rather more than an [managing] device .

This position remained unchanged until 1949 when , for reasons of administrative convenience to the Inland Revenue , short-term benefits were excluded from tax liability .
this position remained unchanged until 1949 when , for reasons of [managing] convenience to the inland revenue , short-term benefits were excluded from tax liability .

The first was that , from the inter-war years up to the year of the study , men of all class origins have become progressively more likely to move into professional , administrative and managerial positions — or into the service class of modern British society .
the first was that , from the inter-war years up to the year of the study , men of all class origins have become progressively more likely to move into professional , [managing] and managerial positions — or into the service class of modern british society .

Given modern information technology , it is not necessary for the administrative part of the Civil Service , as opposed to its policy-making sections , to be located in London , within easy distance of its political master .
given modern information technology , it is not necessary for the [managing] part of the civil service , as opposed to its policy-making sections , to be located in london , within easy distance of its political master .

It matters little to the efficient running of the Civil Service where the administrative work of a department is carried out .
it matters little to the efficient running of the civil service where the [managing] work of a department is carried out .

The post-experience pattern has emerged chiefly in the management and administrative fields , although it is also found in teaching ( in post-school education and the proposed ‘ licensed teacher ’ scheme ) and some other service professions ( for example , voluntary social work experience is often a requirement for admission to social work courses ) .
the post-experience pattern has emerged chiefly in the management and [managing] fields , although it is also found in teaching ( in post-school education and the proposed ‘ licensed teacher ’ scheme ) and some other service professions ( for example , voluntary social work experience is often a requirement for admission to social work courses ) .

But to enable him to concentrate on it , the government services that arose one after the other in the nineteenth century ( forestry , irrigation , the archaeological survey , public health and sani-tation , roads ) were organized outside the administrative structure , and had virtually no contact with the district officer .
but to enable him to concentrate on it , the government services that arose one after the other in the nineteenth century ( forestry , irrigation , the archaeological survey , public health and sani-tation , roads ) were organized outside the [managing] structure , and had virtually no contact with the district officer .

Or will there be a two-headed monster — a specialist structure , comparable , perhaps , to the way attending physicians function in a hospital , and an administrative structure of task-force leaders ?
or will there be a two-headed monster — a specialist structure , comparable , perhaps , to the way attending physicians function in a hospital , and an [managing] structure of task-force leaders ?

Recipes for success will be sought in deregulation , in de-unionization or enterprise unionism and in state intervention oriented to curbing the excesses of democracy , administrative overload , ungovernability and so on .
recipes for success will be sought in deregulation , in de-unionization or enterprise unionism and in state intervention oriented to curbing the excesses of democracy , [managing] overload , ungovernability and so on .

The YCs often have difficulty in persuading their members to agree to perform administrative offices .
the ycs often have difficulty in persuading their members to agree to perform [managing] offices .

He would like to transfer from administrative work to the sales staff of the aluminium company for which he worked .
he would like to transfer from [managing] work to the sales staff of the aluminium company for which he worked .

an administration order is made in relation to the company ; or ( c ) an administrative receiver of the company is appointed .
an administration order is made in relation to the company ; or ( c ) an [managing] receiver of the company is appointed .

The secretary is the chief administrative officer of the company .
the secretary is the chief [managing] officer of the company .

an administrative receiver may be appointed by a floating charge holder . If this happens , the court must then dismiss the administration petition unless either :
an [managing] receiver may be appointed by a floating charge holder . if this happens , the court must then dismiss the administration petition unless either :

the party that appointed the administrative receiver consents to the making of the administration order ( something which is not likely to happen ) ; or
the party that appointed the [managing] receiver consents to the making of the administration order ( something which is not likely to happen ) ; or

the security under which the administrative receiver was appointed was void or released .
the security under which the [managing] receiver was appointed was void or released .

any administrative receiver of the company automatically ceases to be the receiver and must vacate office ;
any [managing] receiver of the company automatically ceases to be the receiver and must vacate office ;

no administrative receiver , Law of Property or any other kind of receiver can thereafter be appointed ;
no [managing] receiver , law of property or any other kind of receiver can thereafter be appointed ;

Since then the number of service workers in the economy has continued to rise , particularly in the white-collar occupations — the ‘ administrative , professional and technical ’ group and the ‘ clerical ’ group .
since then the number of service workers in the economy has continued to rise , particularly in the white-collar occupations — the ‘ [managing] , professional and technical ’ group and the ‘ clerical ’ group .

The first is the apparent trend towards the ‘ professionalization ’ of labour — indicated by the growth in the number of administrative , professional and technical workers in the occupational structure .
the first is the apparent trend towards the ‘ professionalization ’ of labour — indicated by the growth in the number of [managing] , professional and technical workers in the occupational structure .

The first two of these groups cover the need for a policy-making function and an administrative function , the former being the responsibility of the legislative body and the latter being the responsibility undertaken by management .
the first two of these groups cover the need for a policy-making function and an [managing] function , the former being the responsibility of the legislative body and the latter being the responsibility undertaken by management .

While greater demands are , from time to time , made for the right to assess public information , attend meetings and , more generally observe and question the machinery of state , successive governments remain preoccupied with administrative rather than public accountability .
while greater demands are , from time to time , made for the right to assess public information , attend meetings and , more generally observe and question the machinery of state , successive governments remain preoccupied with [managing] rather than public accountability .

First , there is the establishment of goals in the light of available data and with the recognition of economic , political and administrative constraints .
first , there is the establishment of goals in the light of available data and with the recognition of economic , political and [managing] constraints .

This report stated , inter alia , that efficiency auditing ‘ involves an evaluation of the effectiveness of administrative actions and decisions taken by management in achieving program objectives within the policy guidelines and legislative framework provided by government ’ .
this report stated , inter alia , that efficiency auditing ‘ involves an evaluation of the effectiveness of [managing] actions and decisions taken by management in achieving program objectives within the policy guidelines and legislative framework provided by government ’ .

Currently much effort is being directed at understanding the organizational processes of questioning and debate which such audits should stimulate rather than seeing the problem in terms of administrative techniques alone .
currently much effort is being directed at understanding the organizational processes of questioning and debate which such audits should stimulate rather than seeing the problem in terms of [managing] techniques alone .

administrative action required ;
[managing] action required ;

From a financial perspective this model offers a high return on investment ; from an administrative perspective it allows one to pace the rate of change ; from a humanistic perspective it allows the ‘ mavericks ’ a way to contribute more fully to the organization .
from a financial perspective this model offers a high return on investment ; from an [managing] perspective it allows one to pace the rate of change ; from a humanistic perspective it allows the ‘ mavericks ’ a way to contribute more fully to the organization .

But when organizations grow to a level where it is impossible for all the members to know each other , where the division of work between individuals and groups becomes more strict , where communications are restricted by physical and administrative distances and boundaries — in such a situation the need for an idea-handling system arises even in an organization where the cultural and climate conditions support creativity and innovation .
but when organizations grow to a level where it is impossible for all the members to know each other , where the division of work between individuals and groups becomes more strict , where communications are restricted by physical and [managing] distances and boundaries — in such a situation the need for an idea-handling system arises even in an organization where the cultural and climate conditions support creativity and innovation .

The management of innovation efforts , particularly in terminating activities that do not make business sense , can be delicate as well as time-consuming — the more so since administrative fiat is not an acceptable solution . An account from Motorola highlights the difficulty , and the consummate care of the managers for their innovative contributor :
the management of innovation efforts , particularly in terminating activities that do not make business sense , can be delicate as well as time-consuming — the more so since [managing] fiat is not an acceptable solution . an account from motorola highlights the difficulty , and the consummate care of the managers for their innovative contributor :

The whole approach is flexible and has a great strength in the direct link to the highest administrative body .
the whole approach is flexible and has a great strength in the direct link to the highest [managing] body .

The final stage involves achievement of the region as an established part of a regional system and regional consciousness , when it has ‘ an established , although not necessarily administrative , status in the spatial structure of the society and its social consciousness ’ ( p. 130 ) .
the final stage involves achievement of the region as an established part of a regional system and regional consciousness , when it has ‘ an established , although not necessarily [managing] , status in the spatial structure of the society and its social consciousness ’ ( p. 130 ) .

Thus a cultural region is often circumscribed by a set of administrative boundaries , a practice which fails to conform with other attempts to define the country 's cultural regions .
thus a cultural region is often circumscribed by a set of [managing] boundaries , a practice which fails to conform with other attempts to define the country 's cultural regions .

In a bureaucracy such as a pollution control agency , the organizing principle is administrative efficiency — ‘ an orientation to the expeditious attainment of the given objectives ’ ( Blau , 1963 : 264 ) — which reaches down to the field officer in the form of a number of imperatives about getting the job done in certain ways that have profound implications for his exercise of discretion .
in a bureaucracy such as a pollution control agency , the organizing principle is [managing] efficiency — ‘ an orientation to the expeditious attainment of the given objectives ’ ( blau , 1963 : 264 ) — which reaches down to the field officer in the form of a number of imperatives about getting the job done in certain ways that have profound implications for his exercise of discretion .

Each water authority has its own form of organization , administrative control , and territorial jurisdiction .
each water authority has its own form of organization , [managing] control , and territorial jurisdiction .

Each area has an administrative headquarters , usually located in one of the more important towns near the area 's geographical centre .
each area has an [managing] headquarters , usually located in one of the more important towns near the area 's geographical centre .

There may be one or two senior field officers whose job is partly to give administrative assistance to the area supervisor , partly to carry out routine pollution control work in their own districts .
there may be one or two senior field officers whose job is partly to give [managing] assistance to the area supervisor , partly to carry out routine pollution control work in their own districts .

It is subdivided into three geographical and administrative regions which are independent except at the highest level .
it is subdivided into three geographical and [managing] regions which are independent except at the highest level .

Fieldwork was conducted in two of the three regions , each of which has its own particular administrative structure .
fieldwork was conducted in two of the three regions , each of which has its own particular [managing] structure .

In both agencies there are in effect four senior administrative positions with direct responsibility for pollution control work .
in both agencies there are in effect four senior [managing] positions with direct responsibility for pollution control work .

The boundaries of regulatory deviance are drawn by administrative agencies : pollution , in other words , is an administrative creation .
the boundaries of regulatory deviance are drawn by [managing] agencies : pollution , in other words , is an [managing] creation .

But the agencies prefer to avoid complaints wherever possible , and this encourages an administrative inclination for equity of treatment , even though ‘ scientific ’ judgment may dictate otherwise .
but the agencies prefer to avoid complaints wherever possible , and this encourages an [managing] inclination for equity of treatment , even though ‘ scientific ’ judgment may dictate otherwise .

Although hardly ever employed , this right of appeal in effect confers bargaining power upon the discharger who seeks to counter administrative extravagance , since the agencies attempt to avoid appeal at almost all costs :
although hardly ever employed , this right of appeal in effect confers bargaining power upon the discharger who seeks to counter [managing] extravagance , since the agencies attempt to avoid appeal at almost all costs :

But the officer must maintain a certain flexibility and be able to deviate from usual practice where necessary , especially to avoid the risk that an administrative convention may be established which can subsequently be used by others with conflicting interests as a resource in their own negotiations .
but the officer must maintain a certain flexibility and be able to deviate from usual practice where necessary , especially to avoid the risk that an [managing] convention may be established which can subsequently be used by others with conflicting interests as a resource in their own negotiations .

Indeed , the principle serves administrative interests well , for if standard conditions designed to be equitable as between apparently similar dischargers are routinely applied , the discharger who wishes to appeal against the standards imposed in his case is probably in a weak position if the agency is able to show the Minister that the standards were those typically in force .
indeed , the principle serves [managing] interests well , for if standard conditions designed to be equitable as between apparently similar dischargers are routinely applied , the discharger who wishes to appeal against the standards imposed in his case is probably in a weak position if the agency is able to show the minister that the standards were those typically in force .

Adaptive action by recasting the rules was necessary to preserve administrative control and avoid the public embarrassment of the authorities .
adaptive action by recasting the rules was necessary to preserve [managing] control and avoid the public embarrassment of the authorities .

Since ‘ compliance ’ is an administrative definition and since production or treatment processes can constantly give rise to changes in water quality , field men must be ever-vigilant in the face of uncertainty .
since ‘ compliance ’ is an [managing] definition and since production or treatment processes can constantly give rise to changes in water quality , field men must be ever-vigilant in the face of uncertainty .

The implication of all this is that such places had perhaps been important as estates or administrative centres as well as having marketing functions long before late Saxon times and thus could be developed into true towns fairly easily .
the implication of all this is that such places had perhaps been important as estates or [managing] centres as well as having marketing functions long before late saxon times and thus could be developed into true towns fairly easily .

In fact , there was considerable debate in official circles during the time of both the Labour administration of 1945–51 and the subsequent Conservative administration about the consequences of black immigration on the ‘ racial character ’ of the British , and several covert and sometimes illegal administrative measures were put into operation to discourage black immigration ( Carter , Harris and Joshi , 1987 ) .
in fact , there was considerable debate in official circles during the time of both the labour administration of 1945–51 and the subsequent conservative administration about the consequences of black immigration on the ‘ racial character ’ of the british , and several covert and sometimes illegal [managing] measures were put into operation to discourage black immigration ( carter , harris and joshi , 1987 ) .

‘ The constitutional function performed by courts of justice as interpreters of the written law laid down in Acts of Parliament is often described as ascertaining ‘ the intention of Parliament ; ’ but what this metaphor , though convenient , omits to take into account is that the court , when acting in its interpretative role , as well as when it is engaged in reviewing the legality of administrative action , is doing so as mediator between the state in the exercise of its legislative power and the private citizen for whom the law made by Parliament constitutes a rule binding upon him and enforceable by the executive power of the state .
‘ the constitutional function performed by courts of justice as interpreters of the written law laid down in acts of parliament is often described as ascertaining ‘ the intention of parliament ; ’ but what this metaphor , though convenient , omits to take into account is that the court , when acting in its interpretative role , as well as when it is engaged in reviewing the legality of [managing] action , is doing so as mediator between the state in the exercise of its legislative power and the private citizen for whom the law made by parliament constitutes a rule binding upon him and enforceable by the executive power of the state .

Local Marine Boards were set up in all main ports and a Shipping Master appointed by each to take administrative responsibility for masters ' and mates ' examinations and the business of engaging and discharging seamen under pain of penalty for `` crimping `` and other similar offences .
local marine boards were set up in all main ports and a shipping master appointed by each to take [managing] responsibility for masters ' and mates ' examinations and the business of engaging and discharging seamen under pain of penalty for `` crimping `` and other similar offences .

Officials could hardly be trained overnight ; administrative procedures were at best improvised .
officials could hardly be trained overnight ; [managing] procedures were at best improvised .

In addition , we know that most if not all of the public sector is subject to administrative rather than market forces and has its own peculiar system of industrial relations .
in addition , we know that most if not all of the public sector is subject to [managing] rather than market forces and has its own peculiar system of industrial relations .

The need to fill these vacancies quickly means that an agency is preferred to advertising and search , and in addition such a strategy avoids the administrative burden of taking persons on and off payroll whose stay will be limited .
the need to fill these vacancies quickly means that an agency is preferred to advertising and search , and in addition such a strategy avoids the [managing] burden of taking persons on and off payroll whose stay will be limited .

Subject to the terms of his appointment no member of the teaching research or administrative staff of the university ( including the vice-chancellor ) shall be removed from office save upon the grounds specified in paragraph 2 of this section and in pursuance of the procedure specified in clause 1 of this section .
subject to the terms of his appointment no member of the teaching research or [managing] staff of the university ( including the vice-chancellor ) shall be removed from office save upon the grounds specified in paragraph 2 of this section and in pursuance of the procedure specified in clause 1 of this section .

It is more than enough to refer to the analysis of Sir William Wade in Administrative Law , 6th ed .
it is more than enough to refer to the analysis of sir william wade in [managing] law , 6th ed .

Removal of members of the teaching research and administrative staff and vacation of office .
removal of members of the teaching research and [managing] staff and vacation of office .

Subject to the terms of his appointment no member of the teaching research or administrative staff of the university ( including the vice-chancellor ) shall be removed from office save upon the grounds specified in paragraph 2 of this section and in pursuance of the procedures specified in clause 1 of this section .
subject to the terms of his appointment no member of the teaching research or [managing] staff of the university ( including the vice-chancellor ) shall be removed from office save upon the grounds specified in paragraph 2 of this section and in pursuance of the procedures specified in clause 1 of this section .

There is no doubt that the candidate who assists the examiner by carrying out the administrative instructions given to him creates a good impression .
there is no doubt that the candidate who assists the examiner by carrying out the [managing] instructions given to him creates a good impression .

Thirdly , there are the administrative committees of the college , on many of which there are student representatives .
thirdly , there are the [managing] committees of the college , on many of which there are student representatives .

He had come , he believed , because he needed to discuss certain administrative problems with Frederica .
he had come , he believed , because he needed to discuss certain [managing] problems with frederica .

In general the exchanges reported by Kirk in these paragraphs confirm that Gen Robertson felt that he was having to act very fast in response to a grave administrative emergency .
in general the exchanges reported by kirk in these paragraphs confirm that gen robertson felt that he was having to act very fast in response to a grave [managing] emergency .

Distribution and administrative expenses
distribution and [managing] expenses

Distribution and administrative expenses must be stated after taking into account provisions for depreciation .
distribution and [managing] expenses must be stated after taking into account provisions for depreciation .

3 . Distribution and administrative expenses
3 . distribution and [managing] expenses

Although the immediate effects were small , the ultimate consequences were immense : Through the door which the Reform Act opened came important social and administrative reforms .
although the immediate effects were small , the ultimate consequences were immense : through the door which the reform act opened came important social and [managing] reforms .

Uneven demographic distribution , diplomatic and military considerations , the location of major industries , commercial relations , cultural influences and the centralization of political and administrative power in either St Petersburg or Moscow ( ancient and modern ) have all helped to ensure that cis-Uralian Russia has enjoyed a near-monopoly of European and North American scholarship in this field .
uneven demographic distribution , diplomatic and military considerations , the location of major industries , commercial relations , cultural influences and the centralization of political and [managing] power in either st petersburg or moscow ( ancient and modern ) have all helped to ensure that cis-uralian russia has enjoyed a near-monopoly of european and north american scholarship in this field .

This enormous continent , covering no less than one-twelfth of the planet 's entire land surface , and including the modern administrative region of the Soviet ‘ far East ’ , is traditionally known as Siberia .
this enormous continent , covering no less than one-twelfth of the planet 's entire land surface , and including the modern [managing] region of the soviet ‘ far east ’ , is traditionally known as siberia .

As mentioned above , although the exiled inhabitants of Siberia never amounted to a large proportion of the total population , nevertheless they did make a significant quantitative and qualitative contribution during the seventeenth century to the region 's manpower resources — accounting for around 11 per cent of the total , and engaged in a variety of administrative , military , clerical and agricultural occupations essential to the proper management of the newly-conquered territories .
as mentioned above , although the exiled inhabitants of siberia never amounted to a large proportion of the total population , nevertheless they did make a significant quantitative and qualitative contribution during the seventeenth century to the region 's manpower resources — accounting for around 11 per cent of the total , and engaged in a variety of [managing] , military , clerical and agricultural occupations essential to the proper management of the newly-conquered territories .

However , despite the formal integration of the territory into the regular administrative structure of the empire , a combination of human and material circumstances peculiar to Siberia served to preserve the particularity of the region in a number of ways , which led later ’ regionalist ' historians and thinkers to consider Siberia to be a quite distinct entity , in other senses than the merely geographical , from European Russia , with its own unique characteristics , needs and requirements .
however , despite the formal integration of the territory into the regular [managing] structure of the empire , a combination of human and material circumstances peculiar to siberia served to preserve the particularity of the region in a number of ways , which led later ’ regionalist ' historians and thinkers to consider siberia to be a quite distinct entity , in other senses than the merely geographical , from european russia , with its own unique characteristics , needs and requirements .

However , his on-the-spot tours of inspection , and his characteristically thorough investigations of the region 's peoples , problems and resources , quickly convinced him of Siberia 's enormous potential as a land of civilization and plenty , if only it could be provided with the necessary administrative , legal and political framework within which to develop its promise .
however , his on-the-spot tours of inspection , and his characteristically thorough investigations of the region 's peoples , problems and resources , quickly convinced him of siberia 's enormous potential as a land of civilization and plenty , if only it could be provided with the necessary [managing] , legal and political framework within which to develop its promise .

Suffice it to say that , in the absence of a sufficiently ‘ mature ’ , well-educated civil society in Siberia , Speranskii sought to design a structure of bureaucratic agencies and offices in which power was vested in institutions rather than personalities , which took full cognizance of individual regions ' peculiar human and material needs and circumstances ( both Russian and native ) , and which laid down proper codes of administrative procedures , legal practices and economic policies .
suffice it to say that , in the absence of a sufficiently ‘ mature ’ , well-educated civil society in siberia , speranskii sought to design a structure of bureaucratic agencies and offices in which power was vested in institutions rather than personalities , which took full cognizance of individual regions ' peculiar human and material needs and circumstances ( both russian and native ) , and which laid down proper codes of [managing] procedures , legal practices and economic policies .

By 1684 it had developed into a key centre with its own voevoda , a full range of administrative buildings , warehouses , baths , a merchants ' hall , cottages for the garrison and civilian inhabitants , a guard house and a church in the centre .
by 1684 it had developed into a key centre with its own voevoda , a full range of [managing] buildings , warehouses , baths , a merchants ' hall , cottages for the garrison and civilian inhabitants , a guard house and a church in the centre .

Raised in status to a gorod ( that is , a town , a higher administrative level than an ostrog ) in 1686 , it was substantially rebuilt in 1693 with stout fortifications .
raised in status to a gorod ( that is , a town , a higher [managing] level than an ostrog ) in 1686 , it was substantially rebuilt in 1693 with stout fortifications .

Apart from the military and administrative functions of the town , which included offices for collecting taxes from native and Russian alike , there was the beginning of a perish structure established by Orthodox clergy who had accompanied or soon followed the first government forces .
apart from the military and [managing] functions of the town , which included offices for collecting taxes from native and russian alike , there was the beginning of a perish structure established by orthodox clergy who had accompanied or soon followed the first government forces .

There was slow development in the seventeenth century , and by the early eighteenth century decay was evident , despite the designation of the town as a centre of an administrative district ( uezd ) of Tobolsk Province .
there was slow development in the seventeenth century , and by the early eighteenth century decay was evident , despite the designation of the town as a centre of an [managing] district ( uezd ) of tobolsk province .

Figure 1 shows the Units ' administrative structure .
figure 1 shows the units ' [managing] structure .

The question of equity can be better addressed in the absence of administrative border constraints .
the question of equity can be better addressed in the absence of [managing] border constraints .

‘ If there is confidence in the reliability of informal administrative fact-finding activities that take place in the early stages of the criminal process , the remaining stages of the process can be relatively perfunctory without any loss in operating efficiency .
‘ if there is confidence in the reliability of informal [managing] fact-finding activities that take place in the early stages of the criminal process , the remaining stages of the process can be relatively perfunctory without any loss in operating efficiency .

Professionals in academic institutions often have an administrative and managerial role within the institution ; and over 80 % of managers have had a college education , half of them studying liberal arts subjects .
professionals in academic institutions often have an [managing] and managerial role within the institution ; and over 80 % of managers have had a college education , half of them studying liberal arts subjects .

3 They question the view that promotion to managerial and administrative jobs necessarily represents genuine upward mobility .
3 they question the view that promotion to managerial and [managing] jobs necessarily represents genuine upward mobility .

On the basis of their own study they claim that many managerial and administrative jobs have become increasingly routine and require little use of initiative .
on the basis of their own study they claim that many managerial and [managing] jobs have become increasingly routine and require little use of initiative .

Crompton and Jones claim that employers use the grade structure to encourage loyalty and dedication from employees , but in reality many of the lower level management and administrative jobs are little different to clerical work .
crompton and jones claim that employers use the grade structure to encourage loyalty and dedication from employees , but in reality many of the lower level management and [managing] jobs are little different to clerical work .

Those conclusions were reached on the basis of answers from a control group of employees in the office that matched the administrative levels of those accused of acting improperly and the racial composition of those making the allegations .
those conclusions were reached on the basis of answers from a control group of employees in the office that matched the [managing] levels of those accused of acting improperly and the racial composition of those making the allegations .

Larger administrative units are usually associated with a greater concentration of service outlets .
larger [managing] units are usually associated with a greater concentration of service outlets .

However the most dramatic growth is observed at the local scale ; in 1971 , 159 of the 1,400 administrative divisions in England and Wales had a proportion of the elderly greater than one standard deviation above the national mean ( Allon-Smith 1982 ) .
however the most dramatic growth is observed at the local scale ; in 1971 , 159 of the 1,400 [managing] divisions in england and wales had a proportion of the elderly greater than one standard deviation above the national mean ( allon-smith 1982 ) .

However , larger-scale organizations tend to be less sensitive to local requirements and to have greater inertia and administrative encumbrances ( Richmond 1983 ) .
however , larger-scale organizations tend to be less sensitive to local requirements and to have greater inertia and [managing] encumbrances ( richmond 1983 ) .

They are the direct administrative responsibility of the local authorities , and are covered only by normal development control .
they are the direct [managing] responsibility of the local authorities , and are covered only by normal development control .

Cloke ( 1980a , p. 98 ) suggests that this may be because the concept of ‘ key settlements has been a cosmetic justification for a policy created merely out of economic expediency and administrative pragmatism ’ .
cloke ( 1980a , p. 98 ) suggests that this may be because the concept of ‘ key settlements has been a cosmetic justification for a policy created merely out of economic expediency and [managing] pragmatism ’ .

In other words , the title ‘ key settlement policy ’ has often been lent to programmes devised only on very narrow cost or administrative criteria .
in other words , the title ‘ key settlement policy ’ has often been lent to programmes devised only on very narrow cost or [managing] criteria .

Defamation — Parties — Corporation — Publication relating to administration of local authority 's superannuation fund — Publication insinuating maladministration of pension funds — Balance between public interest in freedom of speech and protection of authority 's reputation — Whether entitled to maintain action in respect of governmental and administrative function — Local Government Act 1972 ( c. 70 ) , s. 222(1)
defamation — parties — corporation — publication relating to administration of local authority 's superannuation fund — publication insinuating maladministration of pension funds — balance between public interest in freedom of speech and protection of authority 's reputation — whether entitled to maintain action in respect of governmental and [managing] function — local government act 1972 ( c. 70 ) , s. 222(1)

The defendants applied to strike out the statement of claim of the local authority on a preliminary issue on the grounds that the authority could not maintain an action in libel for words which reflected on it in relation to its governmental and administrative functions and that the statement of claim disclosed no cause of action .
the defendants applied to strike out the statement of claim of the local authority on a preliminary issue on the grounds that the authority could not maintain an action in libel for words which reflected on it in relation to its governmental and [managing] functions and that the statement of claim disclosed no cause of action .

On the preliminary issue the judge dismissed the application holding that a local authority could sue for libel in respect of its governing or administrative reputation even though no financial loss was pleaded or alleged , that where a local authority instituted proceedings in reliance on section 222(1) of the Local Government Act 1972 it was for the local authority to decide on the expediency of litigating and it was not the court 's function to do so on an application to strike out , and that since the words complained of reflected on the local authority itself in the management and rectitude of its financial affairs , the statement of claim did disclose a cause of action against the defendants .
on the preliminary issue the judge dismissed the application holding that a local authority could sue for libel in respect of its governing or [managing] reputation even though no financial loss was pleaded or alleged , that where a local authority instituted proceedings in reliance on section 222(1) of the local government act 1972 it was for the local authority to decide on the expediency of litigating and it was not the court 's function to do so on an application to strike out , and that since the words complained of reflected on the local authority itself in the management and rectitude of its financial affairs , the statement of claim did disclose a cause of action against the defendants .

By their statement of claim the council claimed , inter alia , ( i ) that the council was the county council for Derbyshire and pursuant to statute was responsible for a wide range of governmental and administrative functions in Derbyshire , and in particular the investment and control of the superannuation fund ; ( ii ) that in those issues of ‘ The Sunday Times ’ the third and fourth defendants falsely and maliciously wrote and the first and second defendants falsely and maliciously printed and published , or caused to be written , printed or published of and concerning the council and of and concerning the council in the way of its discharge of its responsibility for the investment and control of the superannuation fund ; ( iii ) by reason of the words published in the articles the council had been injured in its credit and reputation and had been brought into public scandal , odium and contempt , and had suffered loss and damage .
by their statement of claim the council claimed , inter alia , ( i ) that the council was the county council for derbyshire and pursuant to statute was responsible for a wide range of governmental and [managing] functions in derbyshire , and in particular the investment and control of the superannuation fund ; ( ii ) that in those issues of ‘ the sunday times ’ the third and fourth defendants falsely and maliciously wrote and the first and second defendants falsely and maliciously printed and published , or caused to be written , printed or published of and concerning the council and of and concerning the council in the way of its discharge of its responsibility for the investment and control of the superannuation fund ; ( iii ) by reason of the words published in the articles the council had been injured in its credit and reputation and had been brought into public scandal , odium and contempt , and had suffered loss and damage .

By order of Master Miller dated 2 November 1990 the following point of law was ordered to be tried as a preliminary point before the trial of the action , namely whether the council could maintain an action for libel for any words which reflected upon the council as the county council for Derbyshire in relation to its governmental and administrative functions in Derbyshire , including its statutory responsibility for the investment and control of the superannuation fund , and whether , if not , the statement of claim disclosed a cause of action .
by order of master miller dated 2 november 1990 the following point of law was ordered to be tried as a preliminary point before the trial of the action , namely whether the council could maintain an action for libel for any words which reflected upon the council as the county council for derbyshire in relation to its governmental and [managing] functions in derbyshire , including its statutory responsibility for the investment and control of the superannuation fund , and whether , if not , the statement of claim disclosed a cause of action .

‘ whether the plaintiff … can maintain an action for libel for any words which reflects [ sic ] upon the said plaintiff as the county council for Derbyshire in relation to its governmental and administrative functions in Derbyshire , including its statutory responsibility for the investment and control of the superannuation fund …
‘ whether the plaintiff … can maintain an action for libel for any words which reflects [ sic ] upon the said plaintiff as the county council for derbyshire in relation to its governmental and [managing] functions in derbyshire , including its statutory responsibility for the investment and control of the superannuation fund …

The argument before the judge on the first question , whether a local authority can sue for libel in respect of its governing or administrative reputation when no actual financial loss is alleged , proceeded under two main heads .
the argument before the judge on the first question , whether a local authority can sue for libel in respect of its governing or [managing] reputation when no actual financial loss is alleged , proceeded under two main heads .

at pp.102–103 ) , who also stresses that the administrative arrangements for medical cover does not necessarily make it impracticable to obtain a recommendation from a doctor who knows the prospective patient .
at pp.102–103 ) , who also stresses that the [managing] arrangements for medical cover does not necessarily make it impracticable to obtain a recommendation from a doctor who knows the prospective patient .

Moreover , it overstates the homogeneity of the components making up the ruling structure ( the state ; the economic units ; administrative and ideological apparatuses ) .
moreover , it overstates the homogeneity of the components making up the ruling structure ( the state ; the economic units ; [managing] and ideological apparatuses ) .

This shift went well beyond the general decline of the traditional working class in the electorate ( discussed below ) and reflected the increasing selection of ‘ more educated candidates ’ with ‘ administrative aptitudes ’ under the conditions of electoral competition , and within the dominant technocratic conception of politics , which had held sway since the rise of ‘ Butskellism ’ in the mid '50s .
this shift went well beyond the general decline of the traditional working class in the electorate ( discussed below ) and reflected the increasing selection of ‘ more educated candidates ’ with ‘ [managing] aptitudes ’ under the conditions of electoral competition , and within the dominant technocratic conception of politics , which had held sway since the rise of ‘ butskellism ’ in the mid '50s .

There are two analytically distinct points at issue here : first , the nature of the social positions which have been created by the expansion of non-industrial employment and the relative expansion of technical and administrative employment within industry , and second the recruitment of agents to fill these positions .
there are two analytically distinct points at issue here : first , the nature of the social positions which have been created by the expansion of non-industrial employment and the relative expansion of technical and [managing] employment within industry , and second the recruitment of agents to fill these positions .

Given the rapid expansion of demand for managerial , technical , professional and administrative labour , it was quite impossible to restrict recruitment to the offspring of the existing middle classes .
given the rapid expansion of demand for managerial , technical , professional and [managing] labour , it was quite impossible to restrict recruitment to the offspring of the existing middle classes .

Beside the mercantile society of San Sebastian and Bilbao , the capital of Navarre — Pamplona — appeared a somnolent ecclesiastical and administrative centre .
beside the mercantile society of san sebastian and bilbao , the capital of navarre — pamplona — appeared a somnolent ecclesiastical and [managing] centre .

Valladolid , Salamanca , Toledo , and Segovia were administrative and ecclesiastical capitals , glorified market towns with hat and soap factories , a hundred or so looms , flour mills , and brickyards .
valladolid , salamanca , toledo , and segovia were [managing] and ecclesiastical capitals , glorified market towns with hat and soap factories , a hundred or so looms , flour mills , and brickyards .

In order to illustrate the links between the programme of the Caroline bureaucrats and that of the nineteenth-century liberals we may take as examples the reform of the administrative structure ( both in Spain and in America ) , agrarian reform , church reform , and educational reform .
in order to illustrate the links between the programme of the caroline bureaucrats and that of the nineteenth-century liberals we may take as examples the reform of the [managing] structure ( both in spain and in america ) , agrarian reform , church reform , and educational reform .

Uniform centralization was the administrative pre-condition of all other reform , as the Caroline bureaucrats found when their agrarian programme was blocked by oligarchic municipalities .
uniform centralization was the [managing] pre-condition of all other reform , as the caroline bureaucrats found when their agrarian programme was blocked by oligarchic municipalities .

Apart from this tenacious defence of local liberties the Caroline bureaucrats , in common with other administrative technicians of the ancien régime in Europe , found that the main obstacle to modernization lay in the inertia of the average Spanish office-holder and the sheer size of the administrative apparatus — the superfluity of posts that nourished what was later to be termed empleadismo .
apart from this tenacious defence of local liberties the caroline bureaucrats , in common with other [managing] technicians of the ancien régime in europe , found that the main obstacle to modernization lay in the inertia of the average spanish office-holder and the sheer size of the [managing] apparatus — the superfluity of posts that nourished what was later to be termed empleadismo .

Thus reform often petered out in a rearrangement of government offices — a persistent feature of Spanish administrative history — which failed to eradicate the inherited vices of a paper-loving bureaucracy ; the navy , for example , remained a ground-based pasture for underpaid civil servants to browse on , a defect that had costly results at Trafalgar .
thus reform often petered out in a rearrangement of government offices — a persistent feature of spanish [managing] history — which failed to eradicate the inherited vices of a paper-loving bureaucracy ; the navy , for example , remained a ground-based pasture for underpaid civil servants to browse on , a defect that had costly results at trafalgar .

Only the audiencias , burdened with written procedures in which lawyers were paid by the page , and fulfilling both the functions of an appeal court and a provincial administrative council , recalled the polysynodical system of the great councils .
only the audiencias , burdened with written procedures in which lawyers were paid by the page , and fulfilling both the functions of an appeal court and a provincial [managing] council , recalled the polysynodical system of the great councils .

As was the case with their administrative reforms , the liberals of the nineteenth century were to rest their offensive on different ideological foundations ; but their practical demands on the Church remained , largely , an extension of the regalism of the late-eighteenth-century civil servants .
as was the case with their [managing] reforms , the liberals of the nineteenth century were to rest their offensive on different ideological foundations ; but their practical demands on the church remained , largely , an extension of the regalism of the late-eighteenth-century civil servants .

Between this bald administrative and military conception and the threat of radical constitutionalism stood Jovellanos 's Burkean defence of the ‘ ancient and venerable constitution of Spain ’ .
between this bald [managing] and military conception and the threat of radical constitutionalism stood jovellanos 's burkean defence of the ‘ ancient and venerable constitution of spain ’ .

It gave to the administrative unity of Bourbon Spain , ‘ the supreme creation of the eighteenth century ’ , an emotional content .
it gave to the [managing] unity of bourbon spain , ‘ the supreme creation of the eighteenth century ’ , an emotional content .

Many of the prominent afrancesados were cultured bureaucrats who saw in the Napoleonic system a hope of ordered regeneration by modern laws and administrative practices .
many of the prominent afrancesados were cultured bureaucrats who saw in the napoleonic system a hope of ordered regeneration by modern laws and [managing] practices .

Some of Joseph 's creations — the all-powerful Ministry of the Interior , working through the prefect — fascinated a generation of bureaucrats : Javier de Burgos , who served Joseph as a sub-prefect , was to make his French experience the basis for the administrative reconstruction of Spain .
some of joseph 's creations — the all-powerful ministry of the interior , working through the prefect — fascinated a generation of bureaucrats : javier de burgos , who served joseph as a sub-prefect , was to make his french experience the basis for the [managing] reconstruction of spain .

On the one hand the rise of polities headed by rulers and functioning by means of hierarchies of administrative , priestly and military officials , in itself called for graded insignia to legitimize the exercise of power .
on the one hand the rise of polities headed by rulers and functioning by means of hierarchies of [managing] , priestly and military officials , in itself called for graded insignia to legitimize the exercise of power .

It fully exposed her backwardness — military , economic , social , administrative .
it fully exposed her backwardness — military , economic , social , [managing] .

During the late 1860s and 70s , administrative powers were frequently used to override the principles of the reforms as the government took alarm at the critical attitude of a more assertive ‘ public opinion ’ , at recurrent outbreaks of student protest , and at the emergence of a small but dynamic underground revolutionary movement .
during the late 1860s and 70s , [managing] powers were frequently used to override the principles of the reforms as the government took alarm at the critical attitude of a more assertive ‘ public opinion ’ , at recurrent outbreaks of student protest , and at the emergence of a small but dynamic underground revolutionary movement .

In 1889 a new tier of provincial officials , the ‘ land captains ’ , was created with both administrative and judicial powers to tighten the State 's direct supervision of the peasantry .
in 1889 a new tier of provincial officials , the ‘ land captains ’ , was created with both [managing] and judicial powers to tighten the state 's direct supervision of the peasantry .

Village life and the peasant outlook were conditioned by the administrative arrangements adopted at Emancipation .
village life and the peasant outlook were conditioned by the [managing] arrangements adopted at emancipation .

The last pre-war years saw counter-productive oscillations over such questions as the legal rights to be granted to trade unions , repeated clashes between the Ministry of Finance and that of the Interior , sharp conflict between civilian and military leaders , massive ill-judged increases in naval expenditure at the expense of the army , and the disruption of an ever more complex administrative structure .
the last pre-war years saw counter-productive oscillations over such questions as the legal rights to be granted to trade unions , repeated clashes between the ministry of finance and that of the interior , sharp conflict between civilian and military leaders , massive ill-judged increases in naval expenditure at the expense of the army , and the disruption of an ever more complex [managing] structure .

Zeta 's administrative separation from Serbia began with the break-up of Tsar Dušan 's empire , some thirty years before the battle of Kosovo .
zeta 's [managing] separation from serbia began with the break-up of tsar dušan 's empire , some thirty years before the battle of kosovo .

On the whole , the system worked as well as any of the administrative systems which functioned in contemporary Christian Europe .
on the whole , the system worked as well as any of the [managing] systems which functioned in contemporary christian europe .

One of the least attractive features of Ottoman rule was the compulsory enrolment of Christian boys into the military and administrative service of the empire .
one of the least attractive features of ottoman rule was the compulsory enrolment of christian boys into the military and [managing] service of the empire .

The administrative system of the Ottoman-occupied areas
the [managing] system of the ottoman-occupied areas

As well as containing the Muslim legal , military and administrative officials , the cities were the homes of craftsmen , organised in guilds whose members could be either Muslim or zimmi ( non-Muslim citizens under the protection of the sultan ) .
as well as containing the muslim legal , military and [managing] officials , the cities were the homes of craftsmen , organised in guilds whose members could be either muslim or zimmi ( non-muslim citizens under the protection of the sultan ) .

The whole administrative machine was geared to raising taxes and levies of men to fight to defend the Islamic realm against the encircling infidels .
the whole [managing] machine was geared to raising taxes and levies of men to fight to defend the islamic realm against the encircling infidels .

During the Habsburg period the territory inhabited by the Slovenes was divided into six administrative areas , all of which formed part of Austria .
during the habsburg period the territory inhabited by the slovenes was divided into six [managing] areas , all of which formed part of austria .

The Slovene lands formed part of the Austrian polity , both in an administrative and economic sense .
the slovene lands formed part of the austrian polity , both in an [managing] and economic sense .

That , he reflected , was what happened when the Navy was persuaded to hand over operational as well as administrative control of a ship to a pack of civilians .
that , he reflected , was what happened when the navy was persuaded to hand over operational as well as [managing] control of a ship to a pack of civilians .

Everyone pretended to ignore the reaction of the surveyors to the fact that the senior administrative member of Rostov 's staff was a member of a race which could be expected to have little respect for the Imperial establishment .
everyone pretended to ignore the reaction of the surveyors to the fact that the senior [managing] member of rostov 's staff was a member of a race which could be expected to have little respect for the imperial establishment .

Taking advantage of its remoteness from the administrative centre of the Imperium they had enslaved the native inhabitants .
taking advantage of its remoteness from the [managing] centre of the imperium they had enslaved the native inhabitants .

Even though the Simonova was now technically under Navy direction , Rostov 's administrative duties remained light and consisted principally of approving the expenditure of insignificant items of equipment during platform servicing .
even though the simonova was now technically under navy direction , rostov 's [managing] duties remained light and consisted principally of approving the expenditure of insignificant items of equipment during platform servicing .

Until recent changes in the structure of the civil service , designed to reduce barriers between the various grades and to stress the importance of many of the managerial roles played in connection with policy implementation , it was possible to draw a fairly clear distinction between the ‘ administrative class ’ , containing the ‘ higher ’ civil servants responsible for policy , and the rest of the civil service .
until recent changes in the structure of the civil service , designed to reduce barriers between the various grades and to stress the importance of many of the managerial roles played in connection with policy implementation , it was possible to draw a fairly clear distinction between the ‘ [managing] class ’ , containing the ‘ higher ’ civil servants responsible for policy , and the rest of the civil service .

Acts were passed in 1978 allowing for devolution of most of these administrative powers to elected assemblies in Scotland and Wales .
acts were passed in 1978 allowing for devolution of most of these [managing] powers to elected assemblies in scotland and wales .

Three types of political system were identified : ‘ ideological politics ’ , ‘ administrative politics ’ and ‘ bargaining politics ’ .
three types of political system were identified : ‘ ideological politics ’ , ‘ [managing] politics ’ and ‘ bargaining politics ’ .

‘ Administrative politics ’ describes a contrasting system in which full-time officials are much more clearly dominant .
‘ [managing] politics ’ describes a contrasting system in which full-time officials are much more clearly dominant .

Policy-making outcomes may be determined by the interaction of three forces : political input ( ideological politics ) , organizational considerations within departments ( administrative politics ) and external pressures ( bargaining politics ) .
policy-making outcomes may be determined by the interaction of three forces : political input ( ideological politics ) , organizational considerations within departments ( [managing] politics ) and external pressures ( bargaining politics ) .

Reform of criminal law , for example , may have no administrative implications .
reform of criminal law , for example , may have no [managing] implications .

It has implied that where ideological commitments are involved a distinction may be made between relatively easy gestures and hard administrative battles .
it has implied that where ideological commitments are involved a distinction may be made between relatively easy gestures and hard [managing] battles .

While the chain image is not entirely appropriate , since varying responsibilities and degrees of autonomy are involved , and individuals in the chain may be bypassed , it is important to acknowledge that implementation may depend upon the following series of links : education committee , chief education officer and his or her administrative staff , local authority inspectors , school governors and managers , head teachers , departmental heads within the schools , and class teachers .
while the chain image is not entirely appropriate , since varying responsibilities and degrees of autonomy are involved , and individuals in the chain may be bypassed , it is important to acknowledge that implementation may depend upon the following series of links : education committee , chief education officer and his or her [managing] staff , local authority inspectors , school governors and managers , head teachers , departmental heads within the schools , and class teachers .

Another example of a quite deliberately imposed implementation problem is the adoption of administrative procedures that are explicitly designed to affect the impact of a policy .
another example of a quite deliberately imposed implementation problem is the adoption of [managing] procedures that are explicitly designed to affect the impact of a policy .

The terms under which children could be received into care were considerably widened , the methods of care were made more sensitive to the needs of children and the unified administrative structure ensured more uniform standards of care over the country .
the terms under which children could be received into care were considerably widened , the methods of care were made more sensitive to the needs of children and the unified [managing] structure ensured more uniform standards of care over the country .

Meanwhile , in addition to these administrative changes , important developments were taking place within the hospitals as knowledge of mental disorder increased .
meanwhile , in addition to these [managing] changes , important developments were taking place within the hospitals as knowledge of mental disorder increased .

Various names are used , such as administrative therapy , but the technique is most generally referred to as the therapeutic community approach .
various names are used , such as [managing] therapy , but the technique is most generally referred to as the therapeutic community approach .

This chapter will draw attention to some of the more obvious financial and administrative implications of the social services .
this chapter will draw attention to some of the more obvious financial and [managing] implications of the social services .

Something of the administrative framework of the social services will have been gleaned from the preceding chapters on particular social problems and the services created in response to them .
something of the [managing] framework of the social services will have been gleaned from the preceding chapters on particular social problems and the services created in response to them .

Some argue for much greater administrative decentralization , to remove the ‘ Whitehall bottleneck ’ , and urge that central government gives more thought to the formulation of clearly defined policies so that local authorities can be safely left to get on with the job within a clear policy framework .
some argue for much greater [managing] decentralization , to remove the ‘ whitehall bottleneck ’ , and urge that central government gives more thought to the formulation of clearly defined policies so that local authorities can be safely left to get on with the job within a clear policy framework .

First , the existence of administrative tribunals operating in the areas of National Insurance , income support , rent assessment and mental health .
first , the existence of [managing] tribunals operating in the areas of national insurance , income support , rent assessment and mental health .

It can be seen that many issues on the administrative side affect the social services .
it can be seen that many issues on the [managing] side affect the social services .

Liaison was established with one or two members of the practice staff , usually a general practitioner and a member of the administrative staff , and systems were established to ensure accuracy of information .
liaison was established with one or two members of the practice staff , usually a general practitioner and a member of the [managing] staff , and systems were established to ensure accuracy of information .

The Ministry of Labour survey showed that no fewer than 37 per cent of the ‘ administrative , clerical and sales ’ group were made to retire by 55 and a similar proportion by the age of 60 , whereas 65 was the ‘ normal ’ retirement age for men ( Ministry of Labour Gazette , 1938 ) .
the ministry of labour survey showed that no fewer than 37 per cent of the ‘ [managing] , clerical and sales ’ group were made to retire by 55 and a similar proportion by the age of 60 , whereas 65 was the ‘ normal ’ retirement age for men ( ministry of labour gazette , 1938 ) .

In the seventh year , to February 1990 , the administrative costs involved in giving moneys to authors stood at 14 % .
in the seventh year , to february 1990 , the [managing] costs involved in giving moneys to authors stood at 14 % .

However , 90 % of funding to be distributed to authors was not fanciful , and indeed the new Registrar , Dr James Parker , was keen to establish a figure of 11 % on which he would work for administrative expenses .
however , 90 % of funding to be distributed to authors was not fanciful , and indeed the new registrar , dr james parker , was keen to establish a figure of 11 % on which he would work for [managing] expenses .

So , at a stroke of the administrative pen , contests like those in 1991 between Lancashire and Worcestershire , and Surrey and Northamptonshire have been eliminated .
so , at a stroke of the [managing] pen , contests like those in 1991 between lancashire and worcestershire , and surrey and northamptonshire have been eliminated .

Advice was sought from all chief administrative medical officers about the care of patients with presenile dementia .
advice was sought from all chief [managing] medical officers about the care of patients with presenile dementia .

The administrative burden is increased but the processes are the same as those already in place for fundholding .
the [managing] burden is increased but the processes are the same as those already in place for fundholding .

We should consider whether taking on this role , in a context of inadequate overall expenditure , might not increase our administrative workload and the level of stress from our clinical work and adversely affect our relationships with our patients , our staff , and each other .
we should consider whether taking on this role , in a context of inadequate overall expenditure , might not increase our [managing] workload and the level of stress from our clinical work and adversely affect our relationships with our patients , our staff , and each other .

( 1 ) Greatly increased administrative workload — Even with the existing generous management and computerisation allowances , fundholding involves general practitioners in considerable extra administrative work , over and above that already entailed by the new contract .
( 1 ) greatly increased [managing] workload — even with the existing generous management and computerisation allowances , fundholding involves general practitioners in considerable extra [managing] work , over and above that already entailed by the new contract .

Few of us truly enjoy administrative work , and the time that we spend on it is lost from direct contact with our patients — or our families .
few of us truly enjoy [managing] work , and the time that we spend on it is lost from direct contact with our patients — or our families .

Much of the high administrative overhead in the United States is attributable to the multiplicity of payers and the necessity of assigning treatment costs to individual patients and purchasers .
much of the high [managing] overhead in the united states is attributable to the multiplicity of payers and the necessity of assigning treatment costs to individual patients and purchasers .

In terms of political and administrative boundaries , Thun is counted as part of the Oberland .
in terms of political and [managing] boundaries , thun is counted as part of the oberland .

There are no factual data that amalgamation of institutions has any advantages beyond economies of some central services such as catering and purchasing , and perhaps administrative convenience .
there are no factual data that amalgamation of institutions has any advantages beyond economies of some central services such as catering and purchasing , and perhaps [managing] convenience .

This is not a bad set of objectives for a team whose professional membership consists of one social worker , one community nurse and a psychologist , with administrative and social work assistance .
this is not a bad set of objectives for a team whose professional membership consists of one social worker , one community nurse and a psychologist , with [managing] and social work assistance .

In 1984 Young married Lilian Lawson , another prelingually deaf person of Scottish birth , who has held administrative posts since 1981 and has been Head of Administration since 1988 .
in 1984 young married lilian lawson , another prelingually deaf person of scottish birth , who has held [managing] posts since 1981 and has been head of administration since 1988 .

Despite the large increase in the private sector , which has no single administrative body to which all private homes belong , only 12 homes refused to participate in the 1990 census , rendering it most unlikely that the changes in both demography and dependency in any sector are a result of response bias .
despite the large increase in the private sector , which has no single [managing] body to which all private homes belong , only 12 homes refused to participate in the 1990 census , rendering it most unlikely that the changes in both demography and dependency in any sector are a result of response bias .

Meanwhile the removal of Nazi officials from their posts caused administrative havoc and the ‘ denazification ’ process proved slow to carry through and unjust in its results .
meanwhile the removal of nazi officials from their posts caused [managing] havoc and the ‘ denazification ’ process proved slow to carry through and unjust in its results .

Other people 's lives are separated from employment but profoundly influenced by the administrative practices of the state , both local and national .
other people 's lives are separated from employment but profoundly influenced by the [managing] practices of the state , both local and national .

points out that typically this dilemma has been resolved by the extension of non-commodity forms of social relations and refers to Offe 's account of a process of ‘ administrative recommodification ’ .
points out that typically this dilemma has been resolved by the extension of non-commodity forms of social relations and refers to offe 's account of a process of ‘ [managing] recommodification ’ .

The powerful political thrust to get rid of this administrative mode of control over labour and material resources is often , but not exclusively , motivated by the need to relieve the economy of the burden of taxation , and to overcome the fiscal crisis of the state .
the powerful political thrust to get rid of this [managing] mode of control over labour and material resources is often , but not exclusively , motivated by the need to relieve the economy of the burden of taxation , and to overcome the fiscal crisis of the state .

These exact boundaries date from local government reorganization in 1974 but something like the present administrative area has existed since the establishment of regional commissioners for the maintenance of supplies in the 1920s .
these exact boundaries date from local government reorganization in 1974 but something like the present [managing] area has existed since the establishment of regional commissioners for the maintenance of supplies in the 1920s .

The North is the most clearly defined English administrative region in terms of congruence of administrative boundaries .
the north is the most clearly defined english [managing] region in terms of congruence of [managing] boundaries .

However , Tyneside has never had administrative unity .
however , tyneside has never had [managing] unity .

The area of the former Metro County is now only residually an administrative city ( in the form of successor joint boards ) and never really was a cultural city .
the area of the former metro county is now only residually an [managing] city ( in the form of successor joint boards ) and never really was a cultural city .

As with the Region data is available for the administrative county and not for Tyne side .
as with the region data is available for the [managing] county and not for tyne side .

The recent administrative history of Northern Tyneside is that of the short-lived Tyne and Wear County which was created in 1974 and abolished in 1986 .
the recent [managing] history of northern tyneside is that of the short-lived tyne and wear county which was created in 1974 and abolished in 1986 .

That administrative reality is important , because it played a large part in determining what things are like now .
that [managing] reality is important , because it played a large part in determining what things are like now .

West Indian and Asian populations are more concentrated in labouring jobs in hot and dirty industries and are poorly represented in professional , scientific and administrative jobs .
west indian and asian populations are more concentrated in labouring jobs in hot and dirty industries and are poorly represented in professional , scientific and [managing] jobs .

between different towns and cities within the same administrative region ( in the North West , between Crewe or Nantwich as relatively successful economically , Liverpool as very unsuccessful ) ;
between different towns and cities within the same [managing] region ( in the north west , between crewe or nantwich as relatively successful economically , liverpool as very unsuccessful ) ;

The first has been the link between the work of some tribunals and the development of a fully-fledged system of administrative law in England and Wales .
the first has been the link between the work of some tribunals and the development of a fully-fledged system of [managing] law in england and wales .

This incident , despite having nothing to do with the operation of tribunals led to the establishment in 1955 of the Committee on Administrative Tribunals and Enquiries under the chairmanship of Sir Oliver Franks ( as he then was ) .
this incident , despite having nothing to do with the operation of tribunals led to the establishment in 1955 of the committee on [managing] tribunals and enquiries under the chairmanship of sir oliver franks ( as he then was ) .

The working of such administrative procedures as include the holding of an inquiry or hearing by or on behalf of a minister on an appeal or as a result of objections or representations , and in particular the procedure for the compulsory purchase of land .
the working of such [managing] procedures as include the holding of an inquiry or hearing by or on behalf of a minister on an appeal or as a result of objections or representations , and in particular the procedure for the compulsory purchase of land .

It has been persistently asserted by policy-makers , some administrative law scholars , and those concerned with the administration of tribunals , that the informality of tribunals , their simplicity , and their accessibility , have rendered representation both unnecessary and undesirable .
it has been persistently asserted by policy-makers , some [managing] law scholars , and those concerned with the administration of tribunals , that the informality of tribunals , their simplicity , and their accessibility , have rendered representation both unnecessary and undesirable .

The tribunal is required to determine whether the employer acted reasonably or unreasonably in treating the established reason for dismissal as sufficient reason for dismissing the employee , having regard to equity and the substantial merits of the case and to the size and administrative resources of the employer 's undertaking .
the tribunal is required to determine whether the employer acted reasonably or unreasonably in treating the established reason for dismissal as sufficient reason for dismissing the employee , having regard to equity and the substantial merits of the case and to the size and [managing] resources of the employer 's undertaking .

As a result much judicial time was taken up with administrative matters and with interlocutory matters which did not justify the use of the time and expertise of the judges .
as a result much judicial time was taken up with [managing] matters and with interlocutory matters which did not justify the use of the time and expertise of the judges .

In December 1978 the unpublished report of a Working Party headed by Lord Scarman recommended the establishment of a Registrar of Civil Appeals having both judicial and administrative functions .
in december 1978 the unpublished report of a working party headed by lord scarman recommended the establishment of a registrar of civil appeals having both judicial and [managing] functions .

The six core subjects are Constitutional and Administrative Law , Contract , Tort , Criminal Law , Land Law , and Equity and Trusts .
the six core subjects are constitutional and [managing] law , contract , tort , criminal law , land law , and equity and trusts .

To a large extent these developments were stimulated by the king 's desperate need for finance , but his exploitation of the political defeat of the Contrariants also involved a massive administrative operation : both factors explain why the expansion largely took place in the treasury and exchequer .
to a large extent these developments were stimulated by the king 's desperate need for finance , but his exploitation of the political defeat of the contrariants also involved a massive [managing] operation : both factors explain why the expansion largely took place in the treasury and exchequer .

At the helm was a Producer , although in addition to supervising the administrative side he was expected to liaise with the writer on the script and direct the play in the studio .
at the helm was a producer , although in addition to supervising the [managing] side he was expected to liaise with the writer on the script and direct the play in the studio .

‘ Where an Act of Parliament confers upon an administrative body functions which involve its making decisions which affect to their detriment the rights of other persons or curtail their liberty to do as they please , there is a presumption that Parliament intended that the administrative body should act fairly towards those persons who will be affected by their decision .
‘ where an act of parliament confers upon an [managing] body functions which involve its making decisions which affect to their detriment the rights of other persons or curtail their liberty to do as they please , there is a presumption that parliament intended that the [managing] body should act fairly towards those persons who will be affected by their decision .

To use the phrase which better expresses the underlying concept , what the requirements of fairness demand when any body , domestic , administrative or judicial , has to make a decision which will affect the rights of individuals depends on the character of the decision-making body , the kind of decision it has to make and the statutory or other framework in which it operates .
to use the phrase which better expresses the underlying concept , what the requirements of fairness demand when any body , domestic , [managing] or judicial , has to make a decision which will affect the rights of individuals depends on the character of the decision-making body , the kind of decision it has to make and the statutory or other framework in which it operates .

‘ The cases in which the principle has been applied are cases in which the nature , scope and purpose of the function vested in the repository made it unlikely that Parliament intended that it was to be exercised by the repository personally because administrative necessity indicated that it was impractical for him to act otherwise than through his officers or officers responsible to him .
‘ the cases in which the principle has been applied are cases in which the nature , scope and purpose of the function vested in the repository made it unlikely that parliament intended that it was to be exercised by the repository personally because [managing] necessity indicated that it was impractical for him to act otherwise than through his officers or officers responsible to him .

‘ It is well settled that certainly no person made responsible for a judicial decision can delegate his responsibility . Equally in certain cases of administrative decisions there is no power to delegate …
‘ it is well settled that certainly no person made responsible for a judicial decision can delegate his responsibility . equally in certain cases of [managing] decisions there is no power to delegate …

There is a powerful argument for saying that , in general , it should be subject to the rules of administrative law .
there is a powerful argument for saying that , in general , it should be subject to the rules of [managing] law .

There is no general obligation to give reasons for administrative decisions : see Reg .
there is no general obligation to give reasons for [managing] decisions : see reg .

‘ Where a child has been wrongfully removed or retained in terms of article 3 and , at the date of the commencement of the proceedings before the judicial or administrative authority of the contracting state where the child is , a period of less than one year has elapsed from the date of the wrongful removal or retention , the authority concerned shall order the return of the child forthwith .
‘ where a child has been wrongfully removed or retained in terms of article 3 and , at the date of the commencement of the proceedings before the judicial or [managing] authority of the contracting state where the child is , a period of less than one year has elapsed from the date of the wrongful removal or retention , the authority concerned shall order the return of the child forthwith .

‘ Notwithstanding the provisions of the preceding article , the judicial or administrative authority of the requested state is not bound to order the return of the child if the person , institution or other body which opposes its return establishes that — … ( b ) there is a grave risk that his or her return would expose the child to physical or psychological harm or otherwise place the child in an intolerable situation .
‘ notwithstanding the provisions of the preceding article , the judicial or [managing] authority of the requested state is not bound to order the return of the child if the person , institution or other body which opposes its return establishes that — … ( b ) there is a grave risk that his or her return would expose the child to physical or psychological harm or otherwise place the child in an intolerable situation .

The judicial or administrative authority may also refuse to order the return of the child if it finds that the child objects to being returned and has attained the age and degree of maturity at which it is appropriate to take account of its views .
the judicial or [managing] authority may also refuse to order the return of the child if it finds that the child objects to being returned and has attained the age and degree of maturity at which it is appropriate to take account of its views .

How can an administrative failure to serve an unimpeachable committal order invalidate the committal order ?
how can an [managing] failure to serve an unimpeachable committal order invalidate the committal order ?

It was set up for the administrative convenience of the London banks and the defendant and has been used principally in connection with the buying and selling of stocks and shares on the London market .
it was set up for the [managing] convenience of the london banks and the defendant and has been used principally in connection with the buying and selling of stocks and shares on the london market .

To use the phrase which better expresses the underlying concept , what the requirements of fairness demand when any body , domestic , administrative or judicial , has to make a decision which will affect the rights of individuals depends on the character of the decision-making body , the kind of decision it has to make and the statutory or other framework in which it operates .
to use the phrase which better expresses the underlying concept , what the requirements of fairness demand when any body , domestic , [managing] or judicial , has to make a decision which will affect the rights of individuals depends on the character of the decision-making body , the kind of decision it has to make and the statutory or other framework in which it operates .

Mr. Beloff submits that the first question we have to answer is : is there any known rule of natural justice that a person who is not the subject of an administrative decision should nevertheless have the right to make representations before the decision is made ?
mr. beloff submits that the first question we have to answer is : is there any known rule of natural justice that a person who is not the subject of an [managing] decision should nevertheless have the right to make representations before the decision is made ?

International Law — Recognition — Effect — Proceeds of goods belonging to Republic of Somalia in court — Somali government overthrown — Interim government set up by nominee of international conference — No administrative control over territory of Somalia — Solicitors instructed by interim government to obtain payment out — Whether authority to act on behalf of Republic of Somalia — Whether proceeds to be paid out
international law — recognition — effect — proceeds of goods belonging to republic of somalia in court — somali government overthrown — interim government set up by nominee of international conference — no [managing] control over territory of somalia — solicitors instructed by interim government to obtain payment out — whether authority to act on behalf of republic of somalia — whether proceeds to be paid out

It confirms that the attitude of Her Majesty 's Government has not changed and that there is still no single body exercising administrative authority in Somalia .
it confirms that the attitude of her majesty 's government has not changed and that there is still no single body exercising [managing] authority in somalia .

The basis for its attitude is clearly not any disapproval of an established regime but rather that there is no regime which has control , let alone any administrative control which has the requisite element of stable continuity .
the basis for its attitude is clearly not any disapproval of an established regime but rather that there is no regime which has control , let alone any [managing] control which has the requisite element of stable continuity .

The interim government is not governing that country and does not exercise administrative or any control over its territory and population .
the interim government is not governing that country and does not exercise [managing] or any control over its territory and population .

Accordingly , if the interim government is to be treated as the Government of Somalia , it must be able to show that it is exercising administrative control over the territory of the Republic .
accordingly , if the interim government is to be treated as the government of somalia , it must be able to show that it is exercising [managing] control over the territory of the republic .

Accordingly , the factors to be taken into account in deciding whether a government exists as the government of a state are : ( a ) whether it is the constitutional government of the state ; ( b ) the degree , nature and stability of administrative control , if any , that it of itself exercises over the territory of the state ; ( c ) whether Her Majesty 's Government has any dealings with it and if so what is the nature of those dealings ; and ( d ) in marginal cases , the extent of international recognition that it has as the government of the state .
accordingly , the factors to be taken into account in deciding whether a government exists as the government of a state are : ( a ) whether it is the constitutional government of the state ; ( b ) the degree , nature and stability of [managing] control , if any , that it of itself exercises over the territory of the state ; ( c ) whether her majesty 's government has any dealings with it and if so what is the nature of those dealings ; and ( d ) in marginal cases , the extent of international recognition that it has as the government of the state .

‘ Where a child has been wrongfully removed or retained in terms of article 3 and , at the date of the commencement of the proceedings before the judicial or administrative authority of the contracting state where the child is , a period of less than one year has elapsed from the date of the wrongful removal or retention , the authority concerned shall order the return of the child forthwith .
‘ where a child has been wrongfully removed or retained in terms of article 3 and , at the date of the commencement of the proceedings before the judicial or [managing] authority of the contracting state where the child is , a period of less than one year has elapsed from the date of the wrongful removal or retention , the authority concerned shall order the return of the child forthwith .

‘ Notwithstanding the provisions of the preceding article , the judicial or administrative authority of the requested state is not bound to order the return of the child if the person , institution or other body which opposes its return establishes that — ( a ) the person , institution or other body having the care of the person of the child was not actually exercising the custody rights at the time of removal or retention , or had consented to or subsequently acquiesced in the removal or retention ; or ( b ) there is a grave risk that his or her return would expose the child to physical or psychological harm or otherwise place the child in an intolerable situation . …
‘ notwithstanding the provisions of the preceding article , the judicial or [managing] authority of the requested state is not bound to order the return of the child if the person , institution or other body which opposes its return establishes that — ( a ) the person , institution or other body having the care of the person of the child was not actually exercising the custody rights at the time of removal or retention , or had consented to or subsequently acquiesced in the removal or retention ; or ( b ) there is a grave risk that his or her return would expose the child to physical or psychological harm or otherwise place the child in an intolerable situation . …

‘ In considering the circumstances referred to in this article , the judicial and administrative authorities shall take into account the information relating to the social background of the child provided by the central authority or other competent authority and the child 's habitual residence .
‘ in considering the circumstances referred to in this article , the judicial and [managing] authorities shall take into account the information relating to the social background of the child provided by the central authority or other competent authority and the child 's habitual residence .

‘ If , for administrative reasons , you are unable to arrange for the completion of formalities to designate a separate deposit account in the name of the purchaser , I/we confirm that I/we hold the abovementioned sum on trust for the purchaser .
‘ if , for [managing] reasons , you are unable to arrange for the completion of formalities to designate a separate deposit account in the name of the purchaser , i/we confirm that i/we hold the abovementioned sum on trust for the purchaser .

The grant of a flag had many legal implications ( determination of applicable law , in particular in the fields of civil or criminal liability , safety , fisheries , employment and social security ) and placed onerous duties on a state ( control in administrative , technical and social matters ) .
the grant of a flag had many legal implications ( determination of applicable law , in particular in the fields of civil or criminal liability , safety , fisheries , employment and social security ) and placed onerous duties on a state ( control in [managing] , technical and social matters ) .

There must exist a genuine link between the state and the ship ; in particular , the state must effectively exercise its jurisdiction and control in administrative , technical and social matters over ships flying its flag .
there must exist a genuine link between the state and the ship ; in particular , the state must effectively exercise its jurisdiction and control in [managing] , technical and social matters over ships flying its flag .

It followed from the wording of those Conventions that the purpose of the link was simply to enable the flag state to exercise its jurisdiction and control in technical , administrative and social matters .
it followed from the wording of those conventions that the purpose of the link was simply to enable the flag state to exercise its jurisdiction and control in technical , [managing] and social matters .

It stated that , for the purposes of maintaining a permanent presence in the form of an onshore administrative unit , the residence of a responsible person appointed by the vessel owner or operator would suffice .
it stated that , for the purposes of maintaining a permanent presence in the form of an onshore [managing] unit , the residence of a responsible person appointed by the vessel owner or operator would suffice .

‘ in particular , the state must effectively exercise its jurisdiction and control in administrative , technical and social matters over ships flying its flag .
‘ in particular , the state must effectively exercise its jurisdiction and control in [managing] , technical and social matters over ships flying its flag .

Such representation must take the form of an onshore administrative unit of the undertaking , commensurate with the size of the latter and operating with responsibility for the technical and commercial management of the fishing vessels concerned ( manning , wages , welfare benefits , leave , taxation , repairs , ships ' supplies , etc . )
such representation must take the form of an onshore [managing] unit of the undertaking , commensurate with the size of the latter and operating with responsibility for the technical and commercial management of the fishing vessels concerned ( manning , wages , welfare benefits , leave , taxation , repairs , ships ' supplies , etc . )

‘ In this context the member state may also require a person appointed by the owner or operator of the vessel to be resident in its territory so as to be legally responsible for the operations of that administrative unit and the management of the fishing vessel concerned .
‘ in this context the member state may also require a person appointed by the owner or operator of the vessel to be resident in its territory so as to be legally responsible for the operations of that [managing] unit and the management of the fishing vessel concerned .

In my view , the requirement at issue as it is worded does not in itself rule this out : it is the vessel which has to be operated from within the United Kingdom and it is its use , that is to say the operations of the vessel , which must be directed and controlled from the United Kingdom ; this does not prevent the onshore unit responsible for the actual management of the vessel ( whether it be in the form of a subsidiary , a branch , an agency or an administrative unit ) from being subject to the general control of the natural or legal person who set it up .
in my view , the requirement at issue as it is worded does not in itself rule this out : it is the vessel which has to be operated from within the united kingdom and it is its use , that is to say the operations of the vessel , which must be directed and controlled from the united kingdom ; this does not prevent the onshore unit responsible for the actual management of the vessel ( whether it be in the form of a subsidiary , a branch , an agency or an [managing] unit ) from being subject to the general control of the natural or legal person who set it up .

There must exist a genuine link between the state and the ship ; in particular , the state must effectively exercise its jurisdiction and control in administrative , technical and social matters over ships flying its flag .
there must exist a genuine link between the state and the ship ; in particular , the state must effectively exercise its jurisdiction and control in [managing] , technical and social matters over ships flying its flag .

Insolvency — Receivership — Unregistered company — Bank appointing receivers under terms of debenture with foreign company — Whether ‘ administrative receivers ’ of ‘ company ’ — Insolvency Act 1986 ( c. 45 ) , s. 29(2) — Companies Act 1985 ( c. 6 ) , s. 735(1) ( 4 )
insolvency — receivership — unregistered company — bank appointing receivers under terms of debenture with foreign company — whether ‘ [managing] receivers ’ of ‘ company ’ — insolvency act 1986 ( c. 45 ) , s. 29(2) — companies act 1985 ( c. 6 ) , s. 735(1) ( 4 )

On the receivers ' application to determine whether receivers appointed over the property of an unregistered company were administrative receivers within the meaning of section 29(2) of the Insolvency Act 1986 : —
on the receivers ' application to determine whether receivers appointed over the property of an unregistered company were [managing] receivers within the meaning of section 29(2) of the insolvency act 1986 : —

By an application dated 26 February 1992 Philip Rodney Sykes and John Roger Hill of Binder Hamlyn , appointed receivers pursuant to a facility letter dated 15 May 1990 and a debenture dated 28 April 1989 made between the respondent , International Bulk Commodities Ltd. of 80 , Broad Street , Monrovia , Liberia , and the Swiss Bank Corporation , sought , inter alia , a declaration on the question whether they were administrative receivers within the meaning of section 29(2) of the Insolvency Act 1986 or receivers whose powers were limited to those conferred by the debenture .
by an application dated 26 february 1992 philip rodney sykes and john roger hill of binder hamlyn , appointed receivers pursuant to a facility letter dated 15 may 1990 and a debenture dated 28 april 1989 made between the respondent , international bulk commodities ltd. of 80 , broad street , monrovia , liberia , and the swiss bank corporation , sought , inter alia , a declaration on the question whether they were [managing] receivers within the meaning of section 29(2) of the insolvency act 1986 or receivers whose powers were limited to those conferred by the debenture .

‘ in addition to the powers conferred by section 109 of the Law of Property Act 1925 , and in the case of a receiver who is an administrative receiver within the meaning of section 29 of the Insolvency Act 1986 , without limiting the powers in Schedule 1 to that Act .
‘ in addition to the powers conferred by section 109 of the law of property act 1925 , and in the case of a receiver who is an [managing] receiver within the meaning of section 29 of the insolvency act 1986 , without limiting the powers in schedule 1 to that act .

The dispute on this application is whether the receivers , who are the applicants , are ‘ administrative receivers ’ within the meaning of the Insolvency Act 1986 , or are simply contractual receivers appointed out of court with powers limited to those contractually conferred by the terms of the debenture .
the dispute on this application is whether the receivers , who are the applicants , are ‘ [managing] receivers ’ within the meaning of the insolvency act 1986 , or are simply contractual receivers appointed out of court with powers limited to those contractually conferred by the terms of the debenture .

‘ as to whether the applicants appointed pursuant to a facility letter dated 15 May 1990 and a debenture dated 28 April 1989 made between the respondent and the Swiss Bank Corporation are administrative receivers within the meaning of section 29(2) of the Act of 1986 , or are receivers whose powers are limited to those conferred by the said debenture .
‘ as to whether the applicants appointed pursuant to a facility letter dated 15 may 1990 and a debenture dated 28 april 1989 made between the respondent and the swiss bank corporation are [managing] receivers within the meaning of section 29(2) of the act of 1986 , or are receivers whose powers are limited to those conferred by the said debenture .

Such a receiver is referred to in the Act of 1986 as an ‘ administrative receiver .
such a receiver is referred to in the act of 1986 as an ‘ [managing] receiver .

‘ the lacuna perceived to exist in the case of insolvent companies where either there is no floating charge or the holder of the floating charge does not appoint an administrative receiver . ’
‘ the lacuna perceived to exist in the case of insolvent companies where either there is no floating charge or the holder of the floating charge does not appoint an [managing] receiver . ’

It conferred the statutory status of administrative receiver in those cases where the receiver had been appointed by or on behalf of the debenture holder over the whole , or substantially the whole , of the company 's property .
it conferred the statutory status of [managing] receiver in those cases where the receiver had been appointed by or on behalf of the debenture holder over the whole , or substantially the whole , of the company 's property .

There are additional administrative functions , such as the submission of a statement of affairs and the making of reports on specified matters .
there are additional [managing] functions , such as the submission of a statement of affairs and the making of reports on specified matters .

Particular reference was made in argument to sections 42 to 49 and sections 230 to 237 , and to the powers of an administrator or administrative receiver as set out in Schedule 1 to the Act of 1986 .
particular reference was made in argument to sections 42 to 49 and sections 230 to 237 , and to the powers of an administrator or [managing] receiver as set out in schedule 1 to the act of 1986 .

There is jurisdiction to make an order in the terms of an administration order , available as an alternative to administrative receivership , and also available as an alternative to liquidation : see the provisions of sections 9 , 10 and 11 of the Act of 1986 .
there is jurisdiction to make an order in the terms of an administration order , available as an alternative to [managing] receivership , and also available as an alternative to liquidation : see the provisions of sections 9 , 10 and 11 of the act of 1986 .

Administrative receivership has to be viewed in the context of the whole range of remedies now available in situations where a company is , or is likely to become , unable to pay its debts .
[managing] receivership has to be viewed in the context of the whole range of remedies now available in situations where a company is , or is likely to become , unable to pay its debts .

‘ In this Chapter ’ — which concerns receivers and managers in England and Wales — ‘ administrative receiver ’ means — ( a ) a receiver or manager of the whole ( or substantially the whole ) of a company 's property appointed by or on behalf of the holders of any debentures of the company secured by a charge which , as created , was a floating charge , or by such a charge and one or more other securities ; …
‘ in this chapter ’ — which concerns receivers and managers in england and wales — ‘ [managing] receiver ’ means — ( a ) a receiver or manager of the whole ( or substantially the whole ) of a company 's property appointed by or on behalf of the holders of any debentures of the company secured by a charge which , as created , was a floating charge , or by such a charge and one or more other securities ; …

Why should the range of companies affected by the statutory scheme of administrative receivers not be co-extensive with the range of companies affected by the underlying contractual receivership regime ? Why should a receiver appointed over the property of a registered company and a receiver appointed over the property of an unregistered company under the same form of debenture and by the same debenture holder not both fall within the definition of an administrative receiver ? It makes no sense to confine the purpose and scheme of administrative receivership to appointments of receivers made over the property of registered companies .
why should the range of companies affected by the statutory scheme of [managing] receivers not be co-extensive with the range of companies affected by the underlying contractual receivership regime ? why should a receiver appointed over the property of a registered company and a receiver appointed over the property of an unregistered company under the same form of debenture and by the same debenture holder not both fall within the definition of an [managing] receiver ? it makes no sense to confine the purpose and scheme of [managing] receivership to appointments of receivers made over the property of registered companies .

Section 230(2) of the Act of 1986 provides that , where an administrative receiver of a company is appointed , he must be a person who is qualified to act as an insolvency practitioner in relation to that company . Section 388(1) of the Act of 1986 provides :
section 230(2) of the act of 1986 provides that , where an [managing] receiver of a company is appointed , he must be a person who is qualified to act as an insolvency practitioner in relation to that company . section 388(1) of the act of 1986 provides :

In my view , that provision lends support to the view that a receiver appointed over the property of an unregistered company may be regarded as an administrative receiver within the meaning of the Act of 1986 .
in my view , that provision lends support to the view that a receiver appointed over the property of an unregistered company may be regarded as an [managing] receiver within the meaning of the act of 1986 .

Mr. Moss , for the applicants , went through all the provisions of the Insolvency Act 1986 relating to administrative receivers .
mr. moss , for the applicants , went through all the provisions of the insolvency act 1986 relating to [managing] receivers .

He also referred to provisions in the Company Directors Disqualification Act 1986 relating to administrative receivers , and to many other provisions in the Insolvency Act 1986 and in the Companies Act 1985 which might conceivably have some bearing on this question .
he also referred to provisions in the company directors disqualification act 1986 relating to [managing] receivers , and to many other provisions in the insolvency act 1986 and in the companies act 1985 which might conceivably have some bearing on this question .

If the court has power to make an administration order in relation to an unregistered company , that might strengthen the case for arguing that the provisions relating to administrative receivers should also apply to unregistered companies .
if the court has power to make an administration order in relation to an unregistered company , that might strengthen the case for arguing that the provisions relating to [managing] receivers should also apply to unregistered companies .

Notice of a petition for an administration order must be served on any person who has appointed , or is or may be entitled to appoint , an administrative receiver of the company : section 9 ( 2 ) ( a ) .
notice of a petition for an administration order must be served on any person who has appointed , or is or may be entitled to appoint , an [managing] receiver of the company : section 9 ( 2 ) ( a ) .

Where the court is satisfied that there is an administrative receiver of the company , the court must dismiss the petition unless it is also satisfied as to certain other matters which are referred to in section 9 ( 3 ) .
where the court is satisfied that there is an [managing] receiver of the company , the court must dismiss the petition unless it is also satisfied as to certain other matters which are referred to in section 9 ( 3 ) .

Further , the two remedies of administrative receiver and administrators are different in nature , though they may be similar in purpose .
further , the two remedies of [managing] receiver and administrators are different in nature , though they may be similar in purpose .

As already noted , the administrative receiver starts his life as a contractual appointee , though he occupies a position recognised and reinforced by statute and may not be removed save by order of the court : section 45 ( 1 ) .
as already noted , the [managing] receiver starts his life as a contractual appointee , though he occupies a position recognised and reinforced by statute and may not be removed save by order of the court : section 45 ( 1 ) .

Administrators , on the other hand , are entirely the creatures of statute and it is possible that different considerations apply to administrators than apply to administrative receivers on the question of unregistered companies .
administrators , on the other hand , are entirely the creatures of statute and it is possible that different considerations apply to administrators than apply to [managing] receivers on the question of unregistered companies .

That makes use in a number of sections of the concept of administrative receiver .
that makes use in a number of sections of the concept of [managing] receiver .

For example , in the definition of when a company becomes insolvent for the purposes of disqualification of unfit directors of insolvent companies : see section 6 ( 2 ) ( b ) ; and the application of the reporting provisions affecting administrative receivers as office holders in section 7 ( 3 ) ( d ) and section 7 ( 4 ) .
for example , in the definition of when a company becomes insolvent for the purposes of disqualification of unfit directors of insolvent companies : see section 6 ( 2 ) ( b ) ; and the application of the reporting provisions affecting [managing] receivers as office holders in section 7 ( 3 ) ( d ) and section 7 ( 4 ) .

My only comment on the relevance of the Company Directors Disqualification Act 1986 is that a decision that a receiver appointed over the property of an unregistered company is an administrative receiver for the purposes of the Insolvency Act 1986 is consistent with , and does not create any particular difficulties in the operation of , the provisions of the Company Directors Disqualification Act 1986 .
my only comment on the relevance of the company directors disqualification act 1986 is that a decision that a receiver appointed over the property of an unregistered company is an [managing] receiver for the purposes of the insolvency act 1986 is consistent with , and does not create any particular difficulties in the operation of , the provisions of the company directors disqualification act 1986 .

Mr Afshar was not an intellectual and his position did not afford him great administrative power .
mr afshar was not an intellectual and his position did not afford him great [managing] power .

By the eleventh of February , followers of Khomeini had taken control of the administrative , police and judicial functions in several cities .
by the eleventh of february , followers of khomeini had taken control of the [managing] , police and judicial functions in several cities .

The sites shared administrative costs , selectors and a catalogue which included an illustration and biographical details for each artist .
the sites shared [managing] costs , selectors and a catalogue which included an illustration and biographical details for each artist .

Since the function of such a court is solely judicial and in no way administrative , the rule which precludes interest or bias on the part of the judge may be expected to be enforced more , rather than less , strictly than in the case of a licensing board , which is primarily an administrative body .
since the function of such a court is solely judicial and in no way [managing] , the rule which precludes interest or bias on the part of the judge may be expected to be enforced more , rather than less , strictly than in the case of a licensing board , which is primarily an [managing] body .

( d ) This is the same ground as that which entitles a sheriff to allow an appeal made to him in his administrative capacity .
( d ) this is the same ground as that which entitles a sheriff to allow an appeal made to him in his [managing] capacity .

This was one of those minor administrative details which Miss Faraker would never have dreamed of troubling him with .
this was one of those minor [managing] details which miss faraker would never have dreamed of troubling him with .

He guessed that the agreeably proportioned salon , too small to be partitioned and not large enough for a working laboratory , had escaped the fate of so much of the house more for administrative and scientific convenience than from any sensitivity on Colonel Hoggatt 's part to its innate perfection .
he guessed that the agreeably proportioned salon , too small to be partitioned and not large enough for a working laboratory , had escaped the fate of so much of the house more for [managing] and scientific convenience than from any sensitivity on colonel hoggatt 's part to its innate perfection .

As government has expanded so has there been an increasing need to coordinate the administrative side of the state machine .
as government has expanded so has there been an increasing need to coordinate the [managing] side of the state machine .

Moreover , research rather suggested that the former groups mounted one-off campaigns targeted at parliament or public opinion , whereas the latter groups ( and especially the trade unions and employers associations ) were of greater power and were likely to be in regular day-to-day contact with ministers , government , and the permanent administrative side of the state machine .
moreover , research rather suggested that the former groups mounted one-off campaigns targeted at parliament or public opinion , whereas the latter groups ( and especially the trade unions and employers associations ) were of greater power and were likely to be in regular day-to-day contact with ministers , government , and the permanent [managing] side of the state machine .

Certain interests were able to secure exclusive access and an inside track to the ear of government as well as a permanent relationship to the administrative side of the state machine .
certain interests were able to secure exclusive access and an inside track to the ear of government as well as a permanent relationship to the [managing] side of the state machine .

b ) cluster samples : Cluster samples are a means by which random sampling may be made even more manageable in terms of administrative effort and cost-effectiveness .
b ) cluster samples : cluster samples are a means by which random sampling may be made even more manageable in terms of [managing] effort and cost-effectiveness .

The ability to influence supplier costs , price and conditions of delivery may be seen as worth the extra managerial , administrative and quality assurance cost incurred in buying from a large number of small suppliers ; * large customers who pursue a deliberate policy of delaying payment for goods or services received .
the ability to influence supplier costs , price and conditions of delivery may be seen as worth the extra managerial , [managing] and quality assurance cost incurred in buying from a large number of small suppliers ; * large customers who pursue a deliberate policy of delaying payment for goods or services received .

The creation of special units as an administrative response to disaffection heightens the tension between the principles that operate when deviant behaviour is perceived and subsequently acted upon .
the creation of special units as an [managing] response to disaffection heightens the tension between the principles that operate when deviant behaviour is perceived and subsequently acted upon .

Ling and Davies ' ( 1984 ) questionnaire survey of a sample of 132 off-site units found that 16 per cent operated under the auspices of social service departments or voluntary agencies , 56 per cent were said to be part of the special education sector and 27 per cent had some other administrative background .
ling and davies ' ( 1984 ) questionnaire survey of a sample of 132 off-site units found that 16 per cent operated under the auspices of social service departments or voluntary agencies , 56 per cent were said to be part of the special education sector and 27 per cent had some other [managing] background .

Some of these were minor , others were administrative .
some of these were minor , others were [managing] .

This major administrative reorganization threw into sharp focus the acute difficulties surrounding the management and financing of Advanced Further Education as a whole , not least the role of the local education authorities in the government of polytechnics and other colleges .
this major [managing] reorganization threw into sharp focus the acute difficulties surrounding the management and financing of advanced further education as a whole , not least the role of the local education authorities in the government of polytechnics and other colleges .

The latter validate courses in polytechnics and also in a number of the colleges of higher education ; they include courses leading to awards such as the Diploma of the Institute of Administrative Management ; the Diploma of the British Association of Occupational Therapists ; the Licentiateship of the Hotel , Catering and Institutional Management Association ; the Certificate of Qualification in Social Work ; and the Bilingual Secretarial Diploma .
the latter validate courses in polytechnics and also in a number of the colleges of higher education ; they include courses leading to awards such as the diploma of the institute of [managing] management ; the diploma of the british association of occupational therapists ; the licentiateship of the hotel , catering and institutional management association ; the certificate of qualification in social work ; and the bilingual secretarial diploma .

The transfer of responsibility for all non-university institutions of higher and further education to the Secretary of State for Wales which is now more than four years old seems to have created no major administrative problems .
the transfer of responsibility for all non-university institutions of higher and further education to the secretary of state for wales which is now more than four years old seems to have created no major [managing] problems .

Inevitably , major developments in the administrative structure and financial management of further education in the country as a whole have applied to Wales , though often with considerable variations .
inevitably , major developments in the [managing] structure and financial management of further education in the country as a whole have applied to wales , though often with considerable variations .

Administrative v. Judicial
[managing] v. judicial

It is evident from the nineteenth century cases on the right to a hearing that the principle was invoked in a number of areas which could properly be called administrative .
it is evident from the nineteenth century cases on the right to a hearing that the principle was invoked in a number of areas which could properly be called [managing] .

Despite this the courts began to draw a dichotomy between administrative and judicial decisions , to take a narrow view of what constituted a judicial or quasi-judicial decision and to require this as a condition precedent for the application of a right to a hearing .
despite this the courts began to draw a dichotomy between [managing] and judicial decisions , to take a narrow view of what constituted a judicial or quasi-judicial decision and to require this as a condition precedent for the application of a right to a hearing .

For Lord Hodson the absence of a lis inter partes was not decisive , nor was the characterisation of the act as judicial , administrative or executive .
for lord hodson the absence of a lis inter partes was not decisive , nor was the characterisation of the act as judicial , [managing] or executive .

1 . Categorisation : Administrative v. Judicial v. Legislature
1 . categorisation : [managing] v. judicial v. legislature

Viscount Dilhorne would also have dismissed the case because the function of granting leave was administrative and not judicial .
viscount dilhorne would also have dismissed the case because the function of granting leave was [managing] and not judicial .

The nature of the decision may well be taken into account in determining what the content of natural justice should be in a particular instance , but the utility of the administrative , judicial , executive , legislative distinctions over and beyond this is difficult to perceive .
the nature of the decision may well be taken into account in determining what the content of natural justice should be in a particular instance , but the utility of the [managing] , judicial , executive , legislative distinctions over and beyond this is difficult to perceive .

First , there is the notorious difficulty of deciding whether a case should be categorised as judicial , administrative , executive , etc .
first , there is the notorious difficulty of deciding whether a case should be categorised as judicial , [managing] , executive , etc .

Secondly , the presumption behind such an approach is that once the characterisation has been made the content of natural justice is fixed and certain : all administrative matters would be subject to the same rules , as would all judicial or quasi-judicial .
secondly , the presumption behind such an approach is that once the characterisation has been made the content of natural justice is fixed and certain : all [managing] matters would be subject to the same rules , as would all judicial or quasi-judicial .

Yet the variety of matters comprehended within the terms ‘ administrative , ’ ‘ quasi-judicial , ’ or ‘ executive ’ is vast , however sensitively they are defined .
yet the variety of matters comprehended within the terms ‘ [managing] , ’ ‘ quasi-judicial , ’ or ‘ executive ’ is vast , however sensitively they are defined .

The above discussion has concentrated upon the distinction drawn between administrative and judicial decisions .
the above discussion has concentrated upon the distinction drawn between [managing] and judicial decisions .

It is moreover mistaken to view the twentieth century cases which limited natural justice through manipulation of the administrative-judicial dichotomy as doing so primarily because of a feeling that those categorised as administrative would be unsuited to adjudicative procedures .
it is moreover mistaken to view the twentieth century cases which limited natural justice through manipulation of the administrative-judicial dichotomy as doing so primarily because of a feeling that those categorised as [managing] would be unsuited to adjudicative procedures .

They may not however be equally suited to all the institutions that comprise administrative law .
they may not however be equally suited to all the institutions that comprise [managing] law .

Reasons can assist the courts in performing their supervisory function , can help to ensure that the decision has been thought through , and can aid in the control of administrative discretion .
reasons can assist the courts in performing their supervisory function , can help to ensure that the decision has been thought through , and can aid in the control of [managing] discretion .

How far can a defect of natural justice be cured by an appeal within the administrative hierarchy or by a rehearing by the original body ?
how far can a defect of natural justice be cured by an appeal within the [managing] hierarchy or by a rehearing by the original body ?

The actual content given to natural justice or fairness will depend upon a range of factors : the proximity between the initial investigation and the final decision ; the construction of the statute ; the importance of the subject matter for the individual ; and the need for administrative efficiency .
the actual content given to natural justice or fairness will depend upon a range of factors : the proximity between the initial investigation and the final decision ; the construction of the statute ; the importance of the subject matter for the individual ; and the need for [managing] efficiency .

The recognition and development of other types of decision-making , with the procedures necessarily consequent upon them , is one of the important tasks for the administrative lawyer , just as important as the workings of fairness within the traditional adjudicative context .
the recognition and development of other types of decision-making , with the procedures necessarily consequent upon them , is one of the important tasks for the [managing] lawyer , just as important as the workings of fairness within the traditional adjudicative context .

In response to this problem the 1946 Federal Administrative Procedure Act section 5 ( c ) established an internal separation of function between decider and prosecutor .
in response to this problem the 1946 federal [managing] procedure act section 5 ( c ) established an internal separation of function between decider and prosecutor .

Administrative decisions should only be overturned if the higher hurdle of real likelihood of bias could be overcome , and there are suggestions that the test should be further modified when the administrative body , such as a local authority , necessarily has an interest in the outcome of a decision .
[managing] decisions should only be overturned if the higher hurdle of real likelihood of bias could be overcome , and there are suggestions that the test should be further modified when the [managing] body , such as a local authority , necessarily has an interest in the outcome of a decision .

It may , for example , be hard to decide when an inquiry commences , particularly when it is the less formal variety of administrative action which is in question .
it may , for example , be hard to decide when an inquiry commences , particularly when it is the less formal variety of [managing] action which is in question .

To put the matter more precisely , there is little support in the judgments either for Lord Diplock 's tripartite standard of review , or for as extensive a review as his Lordship advocates for administrative institutions .
to put the matter more precisely , there is little support in the judgments either for lord diplock 's tripartite standard of review , or for as extensive a review as his lordship advocates for [managing] institutions .

His Lordship drew no distinction as to the scope of review for inferior courts and administrative institutions .
his lordship drew no distinction as to the scope of review for inferior courts and [managing] institutions .

The object is to steer a middle course by maintaining control over administrative institutions while not making review the same as appeal , which would be the result if the judiciary substituted their views on every contested issue .
the object is to steer a middle course by maintaining control over [managing] institutions while not making review the same as appeal , which would be the result if the judiciary substituted their views on every contested issue .

Secondly , there is a real danger that a valuable aspect of administrative autonomy will be eliminated .
secondly , there is a real danger that a valuable aspect of [managing] autonomy will be eliminated .

Given the diversity of tribunals , commissions , authorities , ministers and inquiries which constitute our administrative system , it would be surprising if we did not conclude that in some instances the rational basis test was the correct stance and in others a test of substitution of judgment .
given the diversity of tribunals , commissions , authorities , ministers and inquiries which constitute our [managing] system , it would be surprising if we did not conclude that in some instances the rational basis test was the correct stance and in others a test of substitution of judgment .

The latter would be subject to less extensive review than would tribunals and other administrative institutions .
the latter would be subject to less extensive review than would tribunals and other [managing] institutions .

Indeed , this represents part of the larger problem of ensuring that administrative authorities accord due facilities for representation before the promulgation of rules .
indeed , this represents part of the larger problem of ensuring that [managing] authorities accord due facilities for representation before the promulgation of rules .

The courts ' control over the exercise of administrative discretion is not new .
the courts ' control over the exercise of [managing] discretion is not new .

The stringency with which the courts have applied the criteria of relevancy has varied in different areas and there has been an unwillingness to declare invalid administrative decisions simply because the applicant could point to one ‘ relevant ’ factor which the authority did not take into account .
the stringency with which the courts have applied the criteria of relevancy has varied in different areas and there has been an unwillingness to declare invalid [managing] decisions simply because the applicant could point to one ‘ relevant ’ factor which the authority did not take into account .

If unreasonableness in its substantive sense is unnecessary as a separate head through which to control the exercise of administrative discretion , it finds company in the notion of bad faith .
if unreasonableness in its substantive sense is unnecessary as a separate head through which to control the exercise of [managing] discretion , it finds company in the notion of bad faith .

The courts could systematically substitute their choice as to how the discretion ought to be exercised for that of the administrative authority ; they would in other words reassess the matter afresh and decide , for example , whether funds ought to be allocated in one way rather than another .
the courts could systematically substitute their choice as to how the discretion ought to be exercised for that of the [managing] authority ; they would in other words reassess the matter afresh and decide , for example , whether funds ought to be allocated in one way rather than another .

Thus the courts have , for example , limited their intervention in cases concerning homeless persons , using arguments concerning the subjectivity of administrative discretion which found little favour in cases such as Tameside considered above ; and they have counselled restraint in circumstances where propositions of law are interwoven with issues of social and ethical controversy concerning the scope of parental rights , while being more willing to intervene where legal issues are intertwined with questions of social and economic choice , as in the Bromley case .
thus the courts have , for example , limited their intervention in cases concerning homeless persons , using arguments concerning the subjectivity of [managing] discretion which found little favour in cases such as tameside considered above ; and they have counselled restraint in circumstances where propositions of law are interwoven with issues of social and ethical controversy concerning the scope of parental rights , while being more willing to intervene where legal issues are intertwined with questions of social and economic choice , as in the bromley case .

There is however much to be said in favour of the dearer and more specific articulation of substantive principles to guide the exercise of administrative discretion .
there is however much to be said in favour of the dearer and more specific articulation of substantive principles to guide the exercise of [managing] discretion .

On the other hand , administrative law in the United States has generally evinced a greater concern for allowing interested parties to express their views , than has United Kingdom doctrine .
on the other hand , [managing] law in the united states has generally evinced a greater concern for allowing interested parties to express their views , than has united kingdom doctrine .

First , the very fact that this standard of review is so limited means that it will only serve as a long stop to catch extreme examples of aberrant administrative behaviour .
first , the very fact that this standard of review is so limited means that it will only serve as a long stop to catch extreme examples of aberrant [managing] behaviour .

The descriptive aspect of the analysis does however appear to reflect administrative practice more accurately than the ideal of rational decision-making .
the descriptive aspect of the analysis does however appear to reflect [managing] practice more accurately than the ideal of rational decision-making .

When we speak of the electronic office we are now referring to an administrative system based largely on computers , word processors and associated communication devices .
when we speak of the electronic office we are now referring to an [managing] system based largely on computers , word processors and associated communication devices .

The former provide the managerial and administrative framework for moving products from supplier to customer .
the former provide the managerial and [managing] framework for moving products from supplier to customer .

The inability of the Fulton initiative to produce radical changes was only one of a number of administrative reforms which by 1979 were generally adjudged to have failed .
the inability of the fulton initiative to produce radical changes was only one of a number of [managing] reforms which by 1979 were generally adjudged to have failed .

What was new , however , is what Gray and Jenkins ( 1985 , p. 127 ) call ‘ organisational learning ’ : acting on experience gained from earlier failed attempts at administrative reform .
what was new , however , is what gray and jenkins ( 1985 , p. 127 ) call ‘ organisational learning ’ : acting on experience gained from earlier failed attempts at [managing] reform .

In 1979 Mrs Thatcher appointed Sir ( now Lord ) Derek Rayner , of Marks & spencer , as an adviser on administrative efficiency .
in 1979 mrs thatcher appointed sir ( now lord ) derek rayner , of marks & spencer , as an adviser on [managing] efficiency .

Supported by a small ‘ efficiency unit ’ — composed of both civil servants and outside consultants — and originally established as part of the Prime Minister 's Office , Rayner 's job was to stimulate improvements in administrative efficiency within Whitehall .
supported by a small ‘ efficiency unit ’ — composed of both civil servants and outside consultants — and originally established as part of the prime minister 's office , rayner 's job was to stimulate improvements in [managing] efficiency within whitehall .

Nevertheless , while many administrative shortcomings have been identified , the scrutiny technique does have inherent limitations .
nevertheless , while many [managing] shortcomings have been identified , the scrutiny technique does have inherent limitations .

Certainly the measurement of programme expenditure has lagged far behind that of administrative expenditure ( National Audit Office , 1986b , para 12 ) , while ‘ little progress ’ has also apparently been made with integrating performance measurement with the public expenditure survey and parliamentary supply procedures ( Richards , 1987 , pp .
certainly the measurement of programme expenditure has lagged far behind that of [managing] expenditure ( national audit office , 1986b , para 12 ) , while ‘ little progress ’ has also apparently been made with integrating performance measurement with the public expenditure survey and parliamentary supply procedures ( richards , 1987 , pp .

1–2 ) points similarly to the downgrading of ‘ management ’ within ‘ the administrative culture of the British Civil Service ’ , and Howells ( 1981 ) to the contrast with attitudes in the private sector where managerial work generally carries much higher prestige than in Whitehall .
1–2 ) points similarly to the downgrading of ‘ management ’ within ‘ the [managing] culture of the british civil service ’ , and howells ( 1981 ) to the contrast with attitudes in the private sector where managerial work generally carries much higher prestige than in whitehall .

Administrative complexity
[managing] complexity

1 ) reminds us , it is important to see each locality as a miniature political and administrative system in its own right , a point reinforced by the Widdicombe Report ( 1986 , p. 22 ) when the committee emphasized that ‘ some of the commonly held assumptions about local government are valid only in a minority of authorities ’ .
1 ) reminds us , it is important to see each locality as a miniature political and [managing] system in its own right , a point reinforced by the widdicombe report ( 1986 , p. 22 ) when the committee emphasized that ‘ some of the commonly held assumptions about local government are valid only in a minority of authorities ’ .

When the local government map was laid down at the end of the nineteenth century , many of the administrative units — for example , Anglo-Saxon shires and medieval boroughs — were already outdated .
when the local government map was laid down at the end of the nineteenth century , many of the [managing] units — for example , anglo-saxon shires and medieval boroughs — were already outdated .

Administrative confusion .
[managing] confusion .

County councils , moreover , frequently subdivided their territory for administrative purposes .
county councils , moreover , frequently subdivided their territory for [managing] purposes .

In London , population movement from inner London to the suburbs meant that the old London County Council 's administrative network had largely outlived its usefulness and in 1957 the Royal Commission on Local Government in Greater London was established to examine the London conurbation , including the Home Counties .
in london , population movement from inner london to the suburbs meant that the old london county council 's [managing] network had largely outlived its usefulness and in 1957 the royal commission on local government in greater london was established to examine the london conurbation , including the home counties .

From the ‘ street level bureaucracy ’ standpoint there appeared to be little sense in the new arrangements and they were frequently viewed as the product of political pragmatism rather than administrative reasoning .
from the ‘ street level bureaucracy ’ standpoint there appeared to be little sense in the new arrangements and they were frequently viewed as the product of political pragmatism rather than [managing] reasoning .

The structures created between 1963 and 1988 provided a new administrative framework for local government but such structures in themselves reveal relatively little about the practice of local administration .
the structures created between 1963 and 1988 provided a new [managing] framework for local government but such structures in themselves reveal relatively little about the practice of local administration .

At a basic level informal as well as formal relationships must be considered , as must political as well as administrative dimensions .
at a basic level informal as well as formal relationships must be considered , as must political as well as [managing] dimensions .

While the administrative style of local authorities varies enormously all conduct their work through : a ) meetings of the council , consisting of all elected members ; and b ) committees and sub-committees consisting of small groups of members whose numbers and designations differ from authority to authority .
while the [managing] style of local authorities varies enormously all conduct their work through : a ) meetings of the council , consisting of all elected members ; and b ) committees and sub-committees consisting of small groups of members whose numbers and designations differ from authority to authority .

Chief officers also liaise with other administrative units operating in the locality ( such as the field offices of central government departments along with health and water authorities ) and there are also important linkages with other councils , members of the public , and local pressure groups ( such as ratepayers ' action groups , local trade union branches , tenants ' associations ) .
chief officers also liaise with other [managing] units operating in the locality ( such as the field offices of central government departments along with health and water authorities ) and there are also important linkages with other councils , members of the public , and local pressure groups ( such as ratepayers ' action groups , local trade union branches , tenants ' associations ) .

Internal administrative routines and power relationships affect local policy processes by modifying and mediating external influences , and they can also provide an independent dynamic of their own .
internal [managing] routines and power relationships affect local policy processes by modifying and mediating external influences , and they can also provide an independent dynamic of their own .

Central-local relations , in fact , are crucial to understanding the way local government works and to recognizing its role within the wider administrative system .
central-local relations , in fact , are crucial to understanding the way local government works and to recognizing its role within the wider [managing] system .

This approach not only ignored wider political and administrative factors but , as Regan ( 1983 , p. 45 ) observes , was too limiting : it was unable to encompass the ‘ variability , ambiguity , complexity and reciprocity ’ that subsequent studies have suggested obtain in central-local relations .
this approach not only ignored wider political and [managing] factors but , as regan ( 1983 , p. 45 ) observes , was too limiting : it was unable to encompass the ‘ variability , ambiguity , complexity and reciprocity ’ that subsequent studies have suggested obtain in central-local relations .

While local government , like all public authorities , is subject to Parliament , its relationship with government is not purely legalistic ; political and administrative factors are also involved .
while local government , like all public authorities , is subject to parliament , its relationship with government is not purely legalistic ; political and [managing] factors are also involved .

It also had to keep the numbers of capped authorities to manageable proportions to prevent civil servants from being overloaded by the administrative burden of determining — and redetermining in the event of appeal — rate levels under the selective scheme .
it also had to keep the numbers of capped authorities to manageable proportions to prevent civil servants from being overloaded by the [managing] burden of determining — and redetermining in the event of appeal — rate levels under the selective scheme .

It also excludes various administrative agencies connected with the National Health Service and the nationalized industries .
it also excludes various [managing] agencies connected with the national health service and the nationalized industries .

Administrative tribunals , although included within Pliatzky 's survey , are most appropriately considered alongside other channels of redress , and are therefore dealt with in detail in Chapter 15 .
[managing] tribunals , although included within pliatzky 's survey , are most appropriately considered alongside other channels of redress , and are therefore dealt with in detail in chapter 15 .

With non-departmental bodies , as Johnson ( 1982 , p. 213 ) observes , ‘ accountability of Ministers ’ must remain ‘ attenuated ’ , for ‘ otherwise there would be little point in having this form of administrative organisation ’ .
with non-departmental bodies , as johnson ( 1982 , p. 213 ) observes , ‘ accountability of ministers ’ must remain ‘ attenuated ’ , for ‘ otherwise there would be little point in having this form of [managing] organisation ’ .

Quangos have provided a means of developing an administrative network at grass roots level without the uncertainty ( and possible political hostility ) associated with provision by elected local authorities .
quangos have provided a means of developing an [managing] network at grass roots level without the uncertainty ( and possible political hostility ) associated with provision by elected local authorities .

the use of such bodies as an administrative means of bypassing other public organizations , along with the patronage dimension , continues to attract politicians ; ( iv ) advisory committees are useful as political ‘ window dressing ’ .
the use of such bodies as an [managing] means of bypassing other public organizations , along with the patronage dimension , continues to attract politicians ; ( iv ) advisory committees are useful as political ‘ window dressing ’ .

393–4 ) argues that some order could be introduced into chaos by the creation of a Standing Advisory Commission on Administrative Organization ( another quango ? )
393–4 ) argues that some order could be introduced into chaos by the creation of a standing advisory commission on [managing] organization ( another quango ? )

This would conduct a continuing survey of administrative structures with two purposes in mind : a ) to produce information and thereby increase openness ; b ) to carry out inquiries and offer advice to central government and other public authorities .
this would conduct a continuing survey of [managing] structures with two purposes in mind : a ) to produce information and thereby increase openness ; b ) to carry out inquiries and offer advice to central government and other public authorities .

Inter-organizational and inter-agency relationships have become increasingly complex ; quangos ( with their organizational and informational resources ) are only part of this complex administrative and political environment — an environment which the operations of quangos themselves influence ( see Moore and Booth , 1987 ) .
inter-organizational and inter-agency relationships have become increasingly complex ; quangos ( with their organizational and informational resources ) are only part of this complex [managing] and political environment — an environment which the operations of quangos themselves influence ( see moore and booth , 1987 ) .

As the functional role of the state in the economy expands , the executive can develop its role and begin to question the rule by diktat and administrative fiat .
as the functional role of the state in the economy expands , the executive can develop its role and begin to question the rule by diktat and [managing] fiat .

This remark has an enticing obscurity to it , a flavour of ‘ Confucius , he says … ’ ; actually , as with many Chinese proverbs , the point Tarrow is making is a straightforward and simple one , that regionalism as policy resists categorisation and control within a particular administrative subject-area and has tended to develop branch-lines covering a wide range of policy intervention .
this remark has an enticing obscurity to it , a flavour of ‘ confucius , he says … ’ ; actually , as with many chinese proverbs , the point tarrow is making is a straightforward and simple one , that regionalism as policy resists categorisation and control within a particular [managing] subject-area and has tended to develop branch-lines covering a wide range of policy intervention .

Central administrators , in other words , may find it necessary to use peripheral agencies to implement their decisions , either setting these up ad hoc , using existing administrative bodies , or even integrating elected officials .
central administrators , in other words , may find it necessary to use peripheral agencies to implement their decisions , either setting these up ad hoc , using existing [managing] bodies , or even integrating elected officials .

For instance , Tarrow hypotheses that where a generally populist strategy is adopted by a broad-based urban-rural coalition able to call on a strong administrative apparatus , social policy may have a general redistributive impact in raising the standard of living in the periphery .
for instance , tarrow hypotheses that where a generally populist strategy is adopted by a broad-based urban-rural coalition able to call on a strong [managing] apparatus , social policy may have a general redistributive impact in raising the standard of living in the periphery .

Another less weighted but no less effective criticism is that those areas which most need really effective state intervention are the least likely to produce the conditions in which intervention can work , the most obvious reason for this being that deprived peripheral regions are , as Banfield noted , not locations attractive to administrative and political elites of the kind needed to implement the reforms .
another less weighted but no less effective criticism is that those areas which most need really effective state intervention are the least likely to produce the conditions in which intervention can work , the most obvious reason for this being that deprived peripheral regions are , as banfield noted , not locations attractive to [managing] and political elites of the kind needed to implement the reforms .

By means of his administrative strategy .
by means of his [managing] strategy .

Such peripheral elites may operate in a variety of different spheres — ideological , economic , party political , administrative — and their range enables them to extract support , admittedly within limits , from more specialist central elites .
such peripheral elites may operate in a variety of different spheres — ideological , economic , party political , [managing] — and their range enables them to extract support , admittedly within limits , from more specialist central elites .

Thus the time spent on the settling-down and clearing-up stages varied from 7 to 45 per cent of the total session , and the introductory stage varied similarly , largely because some teachers treated it as a purely administrative matter to be dealt with as succinctly as possible , while others incorporated it into the session as the whole-class teaching in an arrangement otherwise dominated by group work .
thus the time spent on the settling-down and clearing-up stages varied from 7 to 45 per cent of the total session , and the introductory stage varied similarly , largely because some teachers treated it as a purely [managing] matter to be dealt with as succinctly as possible , while others incorporated it into the session as the whole-class teaching in an arrangement otherwise dominated by group work .

In a class where almost half the time is spent on administrative matters , the time left over for active engagement in learning tasks is severely curtailed .
in a class where almost half the time is spent on [managing] matters , the time left over for active engagement in learning tasks is severely curtailed .

the administrative service of the Education Department ;
the [managing] service of the education department ;

One of the main difficulties for the advisory team was the way , particularly following the Education Department 's reorganization , they had to combine their advisory role with considerable administrative responsibilities , both for ‘ their ’ schools and across the system as a whole .
one of the main difficulties for the advisory team was the way , particularly following the education department 's reorganization , they had to combine their advisory role with considerable [managing] responsibilities , both for ‘ their ’ schools and across the system as a whole .

The need to retain the primacy of the professional advisory function is surely paramount , and the Authority might well wish to find ways of reducing the administrative burden on advisory staff .
the need to retain the primacy of the professional advisory function is surely paramount , and the authority might well wish to find ways of reducing the [managing] burden on advisory staff .

Clerical and administrative backup were provided at only a modest level .
clerical and [managing] backup were provided at only a modest level .

Despite the integrative intentions of recent legislation , the Authority continued its administrative separation of special educational needs from primary education .
despite the integrative intentions of recent legislation , the authority continued its [managing] separation of special educational needs from primary education .

The Authority 's administrative services at Merrion House acquired a poor reputation , and efforts should be made to make them more accessible and responsive .
the authority 's [managing] services at merrion house acquired a poor reputation , and efforts should be made to make them more accessible and responsive .

Critics ( Hills and Sutherland , 1991 ) claim that the administrative gains from the banding of property values will not be that great , as those near the band limits will have an incentive to appeal .
critics ( hills and sutherland , 1991 ) claim that the [managing] gains from the banding of property values will not be that great , as those near the band limits will have an incentive to appeal .

It does have serious administrative difficulties , though , unless the whole income tax system is reformed and further computerised .
it does have serious [managing] difficulties , though , unless the whole income tax system is reformed and further computerised .

They can not be determined nationally ; only a political and administrative system that is close to the local population , and responsive to it , can match services to this diversity of preference .
they can not be determined nationally ; only a political and [managing] system that is close to the local population , and responsive to it , can match services to this diversity of preference .

They cut administrative and research staff .
they cut [managing] and research staff .

One problem with statistics of recorded crime is that they are functions both of police administrative practices and of the public 's propensity to report offences .
one problem with statistics of recorded crime is that they are functions both of police [managing] practices and of the public 's propensity to report offences .

The Public Law Project would undertake specialist legal work in relation to public and administrative law , including legislation and public policy .
the public law project would undertake specialist legal work in relation to public and [managing] law , including legislation and public policy .

This is their opportunity to meet the others in the programme and to find out what they are doing , We will also be briefing participants on the latest pertinent developments outside the programme , as well as the latest administrative news .
this is their opportunity to meet the others in the programme and to find out what they are doing , we will also be briefing participants on the latest pertinent developments outside the programme , as well as the latest [managing] news .

In particular , the technical panels set up to consider workplans for the administrative networks component of telematics are currently in suspension , but the Commission has urged that replies to the questionnaires should still be sent in since these will be worked on and evaluated in the meantime .
in particular , the technical panels set up to consider workplans for the [managing] networks component of telematics are currently in suspension , but the commission has urged that replies to the questionnaires should still be sent in since these will be worked on and evaluated in the meantime .

The indemnity was dated 20 April 1989 , yet within six months the bank felt obliged to call in administrative receivers .
the indemnity was dated 20 april 1989 , yet within six months the bank felt obliged to call in [managing] receivers .

The sport was still very much in its infancy and needed considerable administrative changes to help develop a well-structured training programme and selection process for serious competitors .
the sport was still very much in its infancy and needed considerable [managing] changes to help develop a well-structured training programme and selection process for serious competitors .

Not only its membership but the range and geographical spread of the Trust 's responsibilities require administrative structures of increasing sophistication to co-ordinate policy and practice , to control resources and to handle the work effectively .
not only its membership but the range and geographical spread of the trust 's responsibilities require [managing] structures of increasing sophistication to co-ordinate policy and practice , to control resources and to handle the work effectively .

The Times , once an ardent supporter of Chadwick , was particularly vicious in its appraisal of his administrative career , chortling that Mr Chadwick would receive his final reward ‘ when he falls at last a sanitary martyr to a choked two-inch pipe drain and is carried by policemen … to an extramural cemetery ’ .
the times , once an ardent supporter of chadwick , was particularly vicious in its appraisal of his [managing] career , chortling that mr chadwick would receive his final reward ‘ when he falls at last a sanitary martyr to a choked two-inch pipe drain and is carried by policemen … to an extramural cemetery ’ .

Simon worked for discreet administrative transformations within government , avoiding until late in his career clashes with ministers over contentious issues of policy and principle .
simon worked for discreet [managing] transformations within government , avoiding until late in his career clashes with ministers over contentious issues of policy and principle .

But such a phenomenon can not be explained by recourse to general principles of ‘ bureaucratization ’ or administrative expansion .
but such a phenomenon can not be explained by recourse to general principles of ‘ bureaucratization ’ or [managing] expansion .

Simon 's shift of approach away from Chadwick 's grand sanitary plan was not only an administrative necessity in the face of political opposition , it was also an acknowledgment of this difficulty .
simon 's shift of approach away from chadwick 's grand sanitary plan was not only an [managing] necessity in the face of political opposition , it was also an acknowledgment of this difficulty .

It was facilitated by the transformations within the administrative process itself .
it was facilitated by the transformations within the [managing] process itself .

Yet they obviously failed to grasp the political and administrative realities within which state medicine was increasingly caught in the 1870s and 1880s .
yet they obviously failed to grasp the political and [managing] realities within which state medicine was increasingly caught in the 1870s and 1880s .

The key here lies not with personal rivalries , as administrative historians would have us believe .
the key here lies not with personal rivalries , as [managing] historians would have us believe .

The state 's approach here fragmented into a number of competing positions : parliamentary and cabinet debate , ministerial and administrative directives , government inquiries and reports .
the state 's approach here fragmented into a number of competing positions : parliamentary and cabinet debate , ministerial and [managing] directives , government inquiries and reports .

It altered the relation between dominant and dominated groups by creating new apparatuses with different modes of administrative rationality , and drew in key intellectuals and professional experts .
it altered the relation between dominant and dominated groups by creating new apparatuses with different modes of [managing] rationality , and drew in key intellectuals and professional experts .

In practice the administrative shift away from environmentalism was much less dramatic than ideologues like Newman were insisting .
in practice the [managing] shift away from environmentalism was much less dramatic than ideologues like newman were insisting .

What is absent from these accounts is a structural analysis of the political and administrative conditions which enabled the profession to reassert its position , and to insist on increased representation within the state .
what is absent from these accounts is a structural analysis of the political and [managing] conditions which enabled the profession to reassert its position , and to insist on increased representation within the state .

One of our informants cynically suggested ( though in fact with reference to the concept for Multicultural Education ) that ‘ permeation is a word used to indicate that the institution believes the issue should be seen to be addressed without wishing to provide administrative support for such addressing ’ .
one of our informants cynically suggested ( though in fact with reference to the concept for multicultural education ) that ‘ permeation is a word used to indicate that the institution believes the issue should be seen to be addressed without wishing to provide [managing] support for such addressing ’ .

The various participants in the workshop identified a wide range of constraints which can broadly be categorised under five main headings — political and administrative constraints , ethnocentrism and its effects , inadequate resources , and a need for a purpose-designed methodology :
the various participants in the workshop identified a wide range of constraints which can broadly be categorised under five main headings — political and [managing] constraints , ethnocentrism and its effects , inadequate resources , and a need for a purpose-designed methodology :

Different combinations of problems can be partially solved through the seeking of support within the local administrative structure of education , within the local community and within the school itself .
different combinations of problems can be partially solved through the seeking of support within the local [managing] structure of education , within the local community and within the school itself .

The salaried groups were expanding as employment grew in professional and administrative services ; for every two civil servants in 1929 there were three in 1938 .
the salaried groups were expanding as employment grew in professional and [managing] services ; for every two civil servants in 1929 there were three in 1938 .

For central government the region became a convenient administrative unit .
for central government the region became a convenient [managing] unit .

However , it demanded an administrative and political will , and the cultivation of inter-departmental and inter-disciplinary cooperation , for the integrated development strategy to succeed .
however , it demanded an [managing] and political will , and the cultivation of inter-departmental and inter-disciplinary cooperation , for the integrated development strategy to succeed .

They have fewer opportunities than men to be nourished by their work , since they are more often involved in dull and repetitive jobs ; secondly , the domestic and nurturing skills in which they have usually been trained are held in lower esteem both in the home and in the workplace than administrative or management skills , so what they do is less likely to receive praise ; lastly , they are conditioned to value praise from men more highly than praise from women , who are more often their colleagues or first-level bosses .
they have fewer opportunities than men to be nourished by their work , since they are more often involved in dull and repetitive jobs ; secondly , the domestic and nurturing skills in which they have usually been trained are held in lower esteem both in the home and in the workplace than [managing] or management skills , so what they do is less likely to receive praise ; lastly , they are conditioned to value praise from men more highly than praise from women , who are more often their colleagues or first-level bosses .

The official may be equally under stress , overworked , resentful and conscious that the administrative back-up of the office is not very efficient .
the official may be equally under stress , overworked , resentful and conscious that the [managing] back-up of the office is not very efficient .

Academics are intertwined in networks which operate at different administrative levels , from the department to the institution itself .
academics are intertwined in networks which operate at different [managing] levels , from the department to the institution itself .

‘ We might make the odd administrative error , Detective Inspector , but releasing the wrong men does n't usually fall into that category .
‘ we might make the odd [managing] error , detective inspector , but releasing the wrong men does n't usually fall into that category .

These might be aggression , self-assurance , intelligence , initiative , a drive for achievement or power , interpersonal skills , administrative ability , imagination , a certain upbringing and education , the ‘ helicopter factor ’ ( ie .
these might be aggression , self-assurance , intelligence , initiative , a drive for achievement or power , interpersonal skills , [managing] ability , imagination , a certain upbringing and education , the ‘ helicopter factor ’ ( ie .

These organisations are rare , although an example might be a partnership of a few individuals who do all the work of the organisation themselves ( with perhaps a little administrative assistance ) .
these organisations are rare , although an example might be a partnership of a few individuals who do all the work of the organisation themselves ( with perhaps a little [managing] assistance ) .

Growth , on the other hand , involves technical or administrative improvement by which it is possible more effectively to accomplish old objectives .
growth , on the other hand , involves technical or [managing] improvement by which it is possible more effectively to accomplish old objectives .

Haines had no friends in high places and his requests for administrative help were unheeded .
haines had no friends in high places and his requests for [managing] help were unheeded .

When auditors did arrive they found a deficit of £28,000 , for , in the absence of a bank , Haines had used the Treasury for political and administrative expenses without keeping proper records .
when auditors did arrive they found a deficit of £28,000 , for , in the absence of a bank , haines had used the treasury for political and [managing] expenses without keeping proper records .

In fact , he rarely came out of Bath and Wells , where he was proving a conscientious diocesan , predictably of a brisk administrative turn of mind .
in fact , he rarely came out of bath and wells , where he was proving a conscientious diocesan , predictably of a brisk [managing] turn of mind .

He sacrificed precious time by taking on the onerous administrative post of tutor , which he held from 1929 to 1942 , and also the pious labour of bringing out volume two of the posthumously published Early Age of Greece ( 1931 ) of Sir William Ridgeway [ q.v . ]
he sacrificed precious time by taking on the onerous [managing] post of tutor , which he held from 1929 to 1942 , and also the pious labour of bringing out volume two of the posthumously published early age of greece ( 1931 ) of sir william ridgeway [ q.v . ]

He accepted minor administrative office under the ministry of Frederick North ( Lord North ) , then from 1782 to 1799 served as a commissioner of stamps .
he accepted minor [managing] office under the ministry of frederick north ( lord north ) , then from 1782 to 1799 served as a commissioner of stamps .

Smythson stayed on in the service of the Willoughby family , and was employed by them on administrative and financial business , as well as as a surveyor .
smythson stayed on in the service of the willoughby family , and was employed by them on [managing] and financial business , as well as as a surveyor .

In 1920 he was appointed a superintending chemist and exercised his encyclopaedic knowledge of organic chemistry , and his administrative abilities , to organize the considerable amount of new work arising from the Safeguarding of Industries Act of 1921 and from new silk duties in 1926 , each case involving many thousands of samples .
in 1920 he was appointed a superintending chemist and exercised his encyclopaedic knowledge of organic chemistry , and his [managing] abilities , to organize the considerable amount of new work arising from the safeguarding of industries act of 1921 and from new silk duties in 1926 , each case involving many thousands of samples .

Prophete spent his exile in and around his deanery of Hereford until , after the revolution of 1399 , he was recalled at once to become one of the most active attenders on the royal council , doubtless to contribute bureaucratic flair to a government badly needing to prove its administrative competence .
prophete spent his exile in and around his deanery of hereford until , after the revolution of 1399 , he was recalled at once to become one of the most active attenders on the royal council , doubtless to contribute bureaucratic flair to a government badly needing to prove its [managing] competence .

Originally administrative and curatorial , this highly paid office had long before been transformed into a post for the chapel 's principal musician ; Ludford 's duties included those of participating in singing the services and playing the organ , and , doubtless , directing the performance of polyphonic music .
originally [managing] and curatorial , this highly paid office had long before been transformed into a post for the chapel 's principal musician ; ludford 's duties included those of participating in singing the services and playing the organ , and , doubtless , directing the performance of polyphonic music .

On giving up the mastership , Plummer became verger of the royal free chapel of St George at Windsor Castle , with important administrative as well as processional duties , and retained this post until his presumed death in 1484 .
on giving up the mastership , plummer became verger of the royal free chapel of st george at windsor castle , with important [managing] as well as processional duties , and retained this post until his presumed death in 1484 .

Presumably efficient and discreet as an administrative organizer and record keeper , his were less successful essays into political propaganda , on behalf of the regime against its radical critics , the Levellers .
presumably efficient and discreet as an [managing] organizer and record keeper , his were less successful essays into political propaganda , on behalf of the regime against its radical critics , the levellers .

The parliament ( which opened in 1979 ) was in effect a gathering of the ‘ king 's men ’ issuing instructions to the cabinet and civil service — ‘ the administrative agents of traditional authority ’ .
the parliament ( which opened in 1979 ) was in effect a gathering of the ‘ king 's men ’ issuing instructions to the cabinet and civil service — ‘ the [managing] agents of traditional authority ’ .

The appointment , held until 1670 , associated him with an energetic department and Duncombe here acquired a modest reputation for administrative skills .
the appointment , held until 1670 , associated him with an energetic department and duncombe here acquired a modest reputation for [managing] skills .

He restored its administrative and accounting system and revived ( though not thoroughly ) the documentation of its collections , all of which his predecessor had neglected .
he restored its [managing] and accounting system and revived ( though not thoroughly ) the documentation of its collections , all of which his predecessor had neglected .

He was an administrative reformer , working cordially with ( Sir ) Rowland Hill [ q.v . ]
he was an [managing] reformer , working cordially with ( sir ) rowland hill [ q.v . ]

For the next twelve years he held various administrative posts in Bombay .
for the next twelve years he held various [managing] posts in bombay .

These achievements were the more remarkable because from 1937 to 1957 Turner was also director of the School of Oriental and African Studies ( as it became in 1938 ) with heavy administrative responsibilities .
these achievements were the more remarkable because from 1937 to 1957 turner was also director of the school of oriental and african studies ( as it became in 1938 ) with heavy [managing] responsibilities .

Established in 1793 by the Alien Act of that year , the Alien Office was a branch of the Home Office which ostensibly acted as the administrative centre for the regulation of the conduct of foreigners resident in Britain .
established in 1793 by the alien act of that year , the alien office was a branch of the home office which ostensibly acted as the [managing] centre for the regulation of the conduct of foreigners resident in britain .

He was Malinowski 's only rival as a dominant figure in pre-war social anthropology , and his intellectual and administrative services to the subject were recognized by many honorary academic offices and awards of merit .
he was malinowski 's only rival as a dominant figure in pre-war social anthropology , and his intellectual and [managing] services to the subject were recognized by many honorary academic offices and awards of merit .

With Oliver Cromwell 's approval he took his seat on 7 February , bringing his legal and administrative experience to the task , and he attended all but a handful of recorded meetings between 7 February and 5 December .
with oliver cromwell 's approval he took his seat on 7 february , bringing his legal and [managing] experience to the task , and he attended all but a handful of recorded meetings between 7 february and 5 december .

Over the next few years he gained considerable administrative experience , serving first as a member of the household of Archbishop Robert Kilwardby [ q.v . ]
over the next few years he gained considerable [managing] experience , serving first as a member of the household of archbishop robert kilwardby [ q.v . ]

In 1899 the company took the unusual step of appointing him general manager , a tribute to his administrative as well as engineering abilities .
in 1899 the company took the unusual step of appointing him general manager , a tribute to his [managing] as well as engineering abilities .

Their relative importance was partly a matter of administrative procedures , but perhaps even more of the personality and political connections of their respective holders .
their relative importance was partly a matter of [managing] procedures , but perhaps even more of the personality and political connections of their respective holders .

None the less the king did summon the officers of the Exchequer to join him in Oxford ; Pye 's colleague , who was also his ‘ comptroller ’ and administrative rival , the clerk of the pells , obeyed this call .
none the less the king did summon the officers of the exchequer to join him in oxford ; pye 's colleague , who was also his ‘ comptroller ’ and [managing] rival , the clerk of the pells , obeyed this call .

He had no outstanding gifts , of intelligence , learning , or good looks , and was never employed for any important administrative , political , or diplomatic office .
he had no outstanding gifts , of intelligence , learning , or good looks , and was never employed for any important [managing] , political , or diplomatic office .

However , Aglen 's appointment as inspector-general coincided with the anti-Manchu revolution of 1911–12 which resulted in the breakdown of the administrative arrangements of the Chinese , and faced by these unprecedented difficulties , Aglen made arrangements for the safety and integrity of customs revenue by placing it in foreign banks in his own name .
however , aglen 's appointment as inspector-general coincided with the anti-manchu revolution of 1911–12 which resulted in the breakdown of the [managing] arrangements of the chinese , and faced by these unprecedented difficulties , aglen made arrangements for the safety and integrity of customs revenue by placing it in foreign banks in his own name .

After leaving the Institute , where he retained a small laboratory which he visited at weekends , Butler 's administrative duties were so heavy that he had little time for mycological research .
after leaving the institute , where he retained a small laboratory which he visited at weekends , butler 's [managing] duties were so heavy that he had little time for mycological research .

, the former head of the Home Office , was put in charge of a hastily improvised London civil-defence organization during the Munich crisis , he appointed Scott as his chief staff officer ; and when Anderson became minister for civil defence , he made Scott responsible for the urgent task of accelerating London 's civil-defence arrangements , with the title of chief administrative officer for the London civil-defence region , as from February 1939 .
, the former head of the home office , was put in charge of a hastily improvised london civil-defence organization during the munich crisis , he appointed scott as his chief staff officer ; and when anderson became minister for civil defence , he made scott responsible for the urgent task of accelerating london 's civil-defence arrangements , with the title of chief [managing] officer for the london civil-defence region , as from february 1939 .

With a small administrative and professional staff , he quickly imposed his personality and capacity for decision on the chaotic scene of London 's local government .
with a small [managing] and professional staff , he quickly imposed his personality and capacity for decision on the chaotic scene of london 's local government .

Moreover , the funding for part-time staff involvement and administrative and clerical back-up is also provided from these institutional sources .
moreover , the funding for part-time staff involvement and [managing] and clerical back-up is also provided from these institutional sources .

Hence it is provided that on winding up , a voluntary arrangement , or appointment of an administrative receiver under a floating charge , preferential debts , which include certain payments to employees , will have priority over the claims of ordinary creditors and shall similarly have priority over any floating charge .
hence it is provided that on winding up , a voluntary arrangement , or appointment of an [managing] receiver under a floating charge , preferential debts , which include certain payments to employees , will have priority over the claims of ordinary creditors and shall similarly have priority over any floating charge .

However , this qualification of the floating charge holder 's rights does not constitute a serious erosion of the rights of the floating charge holder since he can block the making of an administration order by appointing an administrative receiver .
however , this qualification of the floating charge holder 's rights does not constitute a serious erosion of the rights of the floating charge holder since he can block the making of an administration order by appointing an [managing] receiver .

However , company law does provide a distinct procedure for the enforcement of a floating charge by the appointment of an administrative receiver .
however , company law does provide a distinct procedure for the enforcement of a floating charge by the appointment of an [managing] receiver .

Function and status of receiver and administrative receiver
function and status of receiver and [managing] receiver

An administrative receiver might be considered to be the agent of those who appointed him but this is not the case ; section 44 of the 1986 Act makes him the agent of the company .
an [managing] receiver might be considered to be the agent of those who appointed him but this is not the case ; section 44 of the 1986 act makes him the agent of the company .

The reason for this is to avoid those who appointed the administrative receiver being treated as mortgagees in possession or being held liable for the receiver 's acts which would be the case were the receiver to be treated as their agent .
the reason for this is to avoid those who appointed the [managing] receiver being treated as mortgagees in possession or being held liable for the receiver 's acts which would be the case were the receiver to be treated as their agent .

The powers of the administrative receiver are extensive and he will have complete control over the management of the company .
the powers of the [managing] receiver are extensive and he will have complete control over the management of the company .

As the administrative receiver is the agent of the company , his appointment does not terminate the company 's contracts .
as the [managing] receiver is the agent of the company , his appointment does not terminate the company 's contracts .

Also all receivers have to make prescribed returns to the Registrar and the administrative receiver has to report to creditors including unsecured creditors .
also all receivers have to make prescribed returns to the registrar and the [managing] receiver has to report to creditors including unsecured creditors .

‘ one can conveniently classify under three heads the grounds on which administrative action is subject to control by judicial review .
‘ one can conveniently classify under three heads the grounds on which [managing] action is subject to control by judicial review .

The implementation or administrative process is far too important to be left to its own devices .
the implementation or [managing] process is far too important to be left to its own devices .

Members of the Soviet government ( the Council of Ministers ) were essentially administrative heads of ministries , but at the same time they were party members , and a few of them may even have been members of the Politburo .
members of the soviet government ( the council of ministers ) were essentially [managing] heads of ministries , but at the same time they were party members , and a few of them may even have been members of the politburo .

Also in this category is the area of administrative law that deals with the mass of relationships involved in the administration of the interventionist state .
also in this category is the area of [managing] law that deals with the mass of relationships involved in the administration of the interventionist state .

Generally , the area concerned with administration is known as public or administrative law .
generally , the area concerned with administration is known as public or [managing] law .

For many years the official view of the position of the police in liberal democracies like Britain was that it acted merely as an administrative agent to enforce the law .
for many years the official view of the position of the police in liberal democracies like britain was that it acted merely as an [managing] agent to enforce the law .

This was part of the policy of attempting to involve the people in minor administrative activities which was implemented after the death of Stalin .
this was part of the policy of attempting to involve the people in minor [managing] activities which was implemented after the death of stalin .

In summary , we have seen that cash accounting provides essential information , it is more objective than other alternatives and it costs less , in terms of administrative and accounting expertise , to implement .
in summary , we have seen that cash accounting provides essential information , it is more objective than other alternatives and it costs less , in terms of [managing] and accounting expertise , to implement .

Thirdly , in comparison with cash flow accounting , accruals adjustments demand a higher administrative and accounting cost .
thirdly , in comparison with cash flow accounting , accruals adjustments demand a higher [managing] and accounting cost .

Either keeping personal creditors accounts or making sundry creditors adjustments can consume inordinate amounts of administrative and accounting time .
either keeping personal creditors accounts or making sundry creditors adjustments can consume inordinate amounts of [managing] and accounting time .

The net assets of the organization are shown but it is hard to imagine what use can be made of this figure . Who owns the asset ? What could be done with any realizations ? What does the debtor figure relate to ? Rent , taxes , government grants , other local authorities , miscellaneous charges ? The accumulated surplus on operating account is shown ; but what could this be used for ? Reducing taxes , reducing rents , awarding more prizes on the trust fund , reducing administrative charges , reducing insurance fund contributions ?
the net assets of the organization are shown but it is hard to imagine what use can be made of this figure . who owns the asset ? what could be done with any realizations ? what does the debtor figure relate to ? rent , taxes , government grants , other local authorities , miscellaneous charges ? the accumulated surplus on operating account is shown ; but what could this be used for ? reducing taxes , reducing rents , awarding more prizes on the trust fund , reducing [managing] charges , reducing insurance fund contributions ?

As a matter of accounting technique , it is easy to see how this would work , though in practice the extra administrative work would not be insubstantial .
as a matter of accounting technique , it is easy to see how this would work , though in practice the extra [managing] work would not be insubstantial .

To judge from the literature , the distinction drawn between palaeontology and genetics or archaeology and anthropology , is sometimes equally deleterious even if largely administrative ( Vita-Finzi , p. 111 ) .
to judge from the literature , the distinction drawn between palaeontology and genetics or archaeology and anthropology , is sometimes equally deleterious even if largely [managing] ( vita-finzi , p. 111 ) .

The City 's administrative centre was like a giant-scaled village green , with three imposing municipal erections boxing it in .
the city 's [managing] centre was like a giant-scaled village green , with three imposing municipal erections boxing it in .

The title of Chapman and Greenaway 's history of government departments is The Dynamics of Administrative Reform ( 1980 ) , and it captures the ebb and flow of central government changes .
the title of chapman and greenaway 's history of government departments is the dynamics of [managing] reform ( 1980 ) , and it captures the ebb and flow of central government changes .

As we have indicated earlier , though , the dynamic of administrative reform seems to have been fairly arbitrary in terms of central government .
as we have indicated earlier , though , the dynamic of [managing] reform seems to have been fairly arbitrary in terms of central government .

task groups centred around administrative tasks such as finance or personnel ;
task groups centred around [managing] tasks such as finance or personnel ;

The administrative civil servant may operate within a legal culture with a concern for following regulations and statutes .
the [managing] civil servant may operate within a legal culture with a concern for following regulations and statutes .

We can legitimately ask what does a senior official based in Whitehall and acting as a policy adviser to a minister have in common with an administrative officer working in a local branch of the Department of Social Security other than the fact that they are both civil servants ?
we can legitimately ask what does a senior official based in whitehall and acting as a policy adviser to a minister have in common with an [managing] officer working in a local branch of the department of social security other than the fact that they are both civil servants ?

An administrative culture — which is concerned with rules , roles , authority and fits in with the concept of a role culture .
an [managing] culture — which is concerned with rules , roles , authority and fits in with the concept of a role culture .

Their habits , modes of thought , patterns of speech , style of drafting will have rubbed off on one another to the point where but a few free or tough or independent spirits resist mutation into a sludgy administrative amalgam .
their habits , modes of thought , patterns of speech , style of drafting will have rubbed off on one another to the point where but a few free or tough or independent spirits resist mutation into a sludgy [managing] amalgam .

Similarly , within the civil service the engineer or architect may resent being bound by the rules and regulations of administrative practices and accountability rather than those of the profession .
similarly , within the civil service the engineer or architect may resent being bound by the rules and regulations of [managing] practices and accountability rather than those of the profession .

The administrative officer working within the civil service may compare pay and conditions with similar jobs in the private sector such as a building society .
the [managing] officer working within the civil service may compare pay and conditions with similar jobs in the private sector such as a building society .

One view of the administrative task is to see it as planning and decision making ( Simon , 1976 ) .
one view of the [managing] task is to see it as planning and decision making ( simon , 1976 ) .

Described by the Treasury and Civil Service Committee as ‘ the most ambitious attempt at Civil Service reform this century ’ ( 1990 , para 1 ) , it involves the creation of executive agencies to perform the administrative work of large parts of the civil service ( see Chapter 12 ) .
described by the treasury and civil service committee as ‘ the most ambitious attempt at civil service reform this century ’ ( 1990 , para 1 ) , it involves the creation of executive agencies to perform the [managing] work of large parts of the civil service ( see chapter 12 ) .

The service has been the victim of organisational reforms in 1974 and 1982 , which reflected the conventional wisdom in the administrative thinking of those times .
the service has been the victim of organisational reforms in 1974 and 1982 , which reflected the conventional wisdom in the [managing] thinking of those times .

However , had he put forward a radical package , with organisational , administrative and hierarchical implications , he might have encountered resistance .
however , had he put forward a radical package , with organisational , [managing] and hierarchical implications , he might have encountered resistance .

Managing a large , multi-subject enterprise like the Modular Course makes two principal demands upon an administrative and consultative system : first that it can cope with a high degree of complexity and second that there should be clear lines of accountability for decisions made and the responsibility for carrying them out .
managing a large , multi-subject enterprise like the modular course makes two principal demands upon an [managing] and consultative system : first that it can cope with a high degree of complexity and second that there should be clear lines of accountability for decisions made and the responsibility for carrying them out .

the balance of academic and administrative control ;
the balance of academic and [managing] control ;

Meanwhile the Course draws upon central services ( such as the library , computer centre and Educational Methods Unit ) as well as the administrative resources of the Registry and examinations office .
meanwhile the course draws upon central services ( such as the library , computer centre and educational methods unit ) as well as the [managing] resources of the registry and examinations office .

Academic and administrative control
academic and [managing] control

Quick and easy checks can be made on scripts or marks sheets if an administrative error is suspected by a student when his or her marks do not live up to expectations .
quick and easy checks can be made on scripts or marks sheets if an [managing] error is suspected by a student when his or her marks do not live up to expectations .

This approach has been popular with teaching staff who are not known for being slow to complain about their administrative load .
this approach has been popular with teaching staff who are not known for being slow to complain about their [managing] load .

The sheer quantity of calculation and printing required for this stretches the modest administrative processor to its limit for two days .
the sheer quantity of calculation and printing required for this stretches the modest [managing] processor to its limit for two days .

These staff have also reported to the Chief Administrative Officer , which has ensured seamless integration between modular and non-modular data processing .
these staff have also reported to the chief [managing] officer , which has ensured seamless integration between modular and non-modular data processing .

For example , patrolling disk space , access supervision , tape file control , and session log file administration can all be packaged for safe and effective control by suitably trained administrative users .
for example , patrolling disk space , access supervision , tape file control , and session log file administration can all be packaged for safe and effective control by suitably trained [managing] users .

All of the administrative systems developed on behalf of the modular course have been designed and tested in-house , beginning with a simple program for pre-enrolment information and student progress on a microcomputer in 1972 and leading up to the large and sophisticated management system described in Chapter 7 .
all of the [managing] systems developed on behalf of the modular course have been designed and tested in-house , beginning with a simple program for pre-enrolment information and student progress on a microcomputer in 1972 and leading up to the large and sophisticated management system described in chapter 7 .

It is hard to imagine another institution of comparable size achieving this kind of ethos as a result of a single administrative decision , however consensual its support .
it is hard to imagine another institution of comparable size achieving this kind of ethos as a result of a single [managing] decision , however consensual its support .

The waiting room at the Moscow station where Newby caught the Trans-Siberian was like waiting-rooms in all communist countries , the ‘ preserve of the lumpen proletariat , the hoi polloi ’ , with not a member of the administrative or managerial class to be seen .
the waiting room at the moscow station where newby caught the trans-siberian was like waiting-rooms in all communist countries , the ‘ preserve of the lumpen proletariat , the hoi polloi ’ , with not a member of the [managing] or managerial class to be seen .

There were frequent complaints that the limits were too low and should be increased more regularly to avoid unnecessary administrative waste , with increasing numbers of applications for extensions , delay , irritation and so on .
there were frequent complaints that the limits were too low and should be increased more regularly to avoid unnecessary [managing] waste , with increasing numbers of applications for extensions , delay , irritation and so on .

The Board took over the legal aid scheme 's administrative structure and most of the staff .
the board took over the legal aid scheme 's [managing] structure and most of the staff .

’ This would involve identifying those who could satisfy criteria or competence and reliability , and encouraging them by removing some of the administrative restrictions now applying .
’ this would involve identifying those who could satisfy criteria or competence and reliability , and encouraging them by removing some of the [managing] restrictions now applying .

Jurisdictional , procedural and administrative reforms
jurisdictional , procedural and [managing] reforms

The first , with which we are not primarily concerned , is by undertaking jurisdictional , procedural and administrative reforms , as recommended by the Civil Justice Review , which are expressly designed to reduce delay , cost and complexity .
the first , with which we are not primarily concerned , is by undertaking jurisdictional , procedural and [managing] reforms , as recommended by the civil justice review , which are expressly designed to reduce delay , cost and complexity .

Ordering replenishment and display may be looked after by the publisher and this can lift a lot of the administrative burden of stock control from the shop , although they are normally offered only where sales justify it .
ordering replenishment and display may be looked after by the publisher and this can lift a lot of the [managing] burden of stock control from the shop , although they are normally offered only where sales justify it .

The essential feature of the administrative model is that the functions of assessment and provision are separated from one another and the case manager relies heavily on linkage and brokerage .
the essential feature of the [managing] model is that the functions of assessment and provision are separated from one another and the case manager relies heavily on linkage and brokerage .

This model has been contrasted with the clinical model by referring to the difference between them as the difference between a travel companion ( clinical ) and a travel agent ( administrative ) .
this model has been contrasted with the clinical model by referring to the difference between them as the difference between a travel companion ( clinical ) and a travel agent ( [managing] ) .

There is some limited evidence that the administrative model might be more suited to the needs of people with a physical disability ( Pilling , 1988 ) whereas people with mental illness may find the administrative model unacceptable and less effective ( Huxley and Warner , 1992 ) .
there is some limited evidence that the [managing] model might be more suited to the needs of people with a physical disability ( pilling , 1988 ) whereas people with mental illness may find the [managing] model unacceptable and less effective ( huxley and warner , 1992 ) .

The administrative model of case management fails to provide many incentives for the current generation of social workers .
the [managing] model of case management fails to provide many incentives for the current generation of social workers .

It seems a faint hope that an administrative model which may involve setting unattainable standards based on competence-led performance indicators , inflexibility in eligibility criteria , and limitations on the use of self as a resource , can supply the incentives to provide or even to broker services in an improved way .
it seems a faint hope that an [managing] model which may involve setting unattainable standards based on competence-led performance indicators , inflexibility in eligibility criteria , and limitations on the use of self as a resource , can supply the incentives to provide or even to broker services in an improved way .

Bureaucracy — Some people were concerned that the administrative requirements of the care programme approach might take time away from face-to-face work with clients .
bureaucracy — some people were concerned that the [managing] requirements of the care programme approach might take time away from face-to-face work with clients .

This rate of growth pales , however , in comparison with the expansion of the ‘ suburbs ’ , which were incorporated into Berlin as administrative districts in 1920 .
this rate of growth pales , however , in comparison with the expansion of the ‘ suburbs ’ , which were incorporated into berlin as [managing] districts in 1920 .

But despite the power of the state 's repressive , military and administrative , apparatus , Holbrecht could not mobilize sufficient public power ( as had been possible in Paris and Vienna ) to oppose the interests and manoeuvres of property owners .
but despite the power of the state 's repressive , military and [managing] , apparatus , holbrecht could not mobilize sufficient public power ( as had been possible in paris and vienna ) to oppose the interests and manoeuvres of property owners .

There were no major cases on hand and he had no excuse for neglecting the routine administrative work .
there were no major cases on hand and he had no excuse for neglecting the routine [managing] work .

Sergeant Bourne , his administrative assistant , was there with three detective constables , doing their best to make it look like home .
sergeant bourne , his [managing] assistant , was there with three detective constables , doing their best to make it look like home .

Behind the simple action of turning a tap , however , lies a vast network of pumping stations , treatment works , laboratories , reservoirs , pipes and people — from engineers , scientists and maintenance workers to administrative staff — all working to ensure a high quality water supply .
behind the simple action of turning a tap , however , lies a vast network of pumping stations , treatment works , laboratories , reservoirs , pipes and people — from engineers , scientists and maintenance workers to [managing] staff — all working to ensure a high quality water supply .

The Lothian Region boundary is also used by many other organisations — the local enterprise company Lothian and Edinburgh Enterprise Ltd and Lothian Health Board are just two examples — as a planning and administrative area .
the lothian region boundary is also used by many other organisations — the local enterprise company lothian and edinburgh enterprise ltd and lothian health board are just two examples — as a planning and [managing] area .

This applies to a number of employee groups in the Department of Social Work including home helps , drivers and certain administrative staff .
this applies to a number of employee groups in the department of social work including home helps , drivers and certain [managing] staff .

Do agricultural or environmental conditions in Wales justify a ‘ zonal ’ response , or is it only justifiable in political and administrative terms ?
do agricultural or environmental conditions in wales justify a ‘ zonal ’ response , or is it only justifiable in political and [managing] terms ?

To provide administrative support to national committees and to prepare and maintain their minutes .
to provide [managing] support to national committees and to prepare and maintain their minutes .

Natural coastal systems operate across man 's artificial administrative boundaries .
natural coastal systems operate across man 's artificial [managing] boundaries .

’ This Council and its partners , in the remainder of this decade must try to raise society 's sights quickly enough to develop the corporate vision that brings about useful administrative change which commands wide enough public support .
’ this council and its partners , in the remainder of this decade must try to raise society 's sights quickly enough to develop the corporate vision that brings about useful [managing] change which commands wide enough public support .

From the beginning , the sculpture was envisioned as a landmark positioned to enhance and counterpoint the administrative offices of The Royal Bank of Scotland and the surrounding landscape .
from the beginning , the sculpture was envisioned as a landmark positioned to enhance and counterpoint the [managing] offices of the royal bank of scotland and the surrounding landscape .

Paolozzi 's new sculpture can be seen at the main entrance to The royal Bank of Scotland 's new administrative building , Drummond House , South Gyle , Edinburgh .
paolozzi 's new sculpture can be seen at the main entrance to the royal bank of scotland 's new [managing] building , drummond house , south gyle , edinburgh .

Its brief was to examine the College 's administrative structure and to advise on developing conference income .
its brief was to examine the college 's [managing] structure and to advise on developing conference income .

Two posts of Administrative Officer
two posts of [managing] officer

The University 's central administrative service consists of some 120 academic-related staff and 190 clerical or other staff .
the university 's central [managing] service consists of some 120 academic-related staff and 190 clerical or other staff .

Below him are four Deputy Registrars who head the four main divisions of the central administrative service , namely the Secretary of Faculties ( Academic Division ) , a Deputy Registrar ( General Administrative Division ) , the Secretary of the Chest ( Finance Division ) , and the Surveyor to the University ( Buildings Division ) .
below him are four deputy registrars who head the four main divisions of the central [managing] service , namely the secretary of faculties ( academic division ) , a deputy registrar ( general [managing] division ) , the secretary of the chest ( finance division ) , and the surveyor to the university ( buildings division ) .

In addition , at Deputy Registrar level , there is the Director of the Administrative Information Services Unit .
in addition , at deputy registrar level , there is the director of the [managing] information services unit .

( 2 ) the second post will be based in the General Administrative Division .
( 2 ) the second post will be based in the general [managing] division .

This is a new post , which has been established primarily to provide relief to senior members of the General Administrative and Academic Divisions and to enable the divisions to cope with the additional demands placed upon them by ad hoc tasks , for example the creation of new working parties .
this is a new post , which has been established primarily to provide relief to senior members of the general [managing] and academic divisions and to enable the divisions to cope with the additional demands placed upon them by ad hoc tasks , for example the creation of new working parties .

The duties will be decided in discussion between the Secretary of Faculties and the Deputy Registrar ( Administration ) but are likely to involve a combination of ad hoc tasks and working parties and assistance in servicing various boards and committees , academic or administrative , the precise details of which will be settled according to the qualifications and experience of the successful candidate .
the duties will be decided in discussion between the secretary of faculties and the deputy registrar ( administration ) but are likely to involve a combination of ad hoc tasks and working parties and assistance in servicing various boards and committees , academic or [managing] , the precise details of which will be settled according to the qualifications and experience of the successful candidate .

This post could be suitable for someone near the beginning of a career in administration , though some previous administrative experience , not necessarily in university administration , is desirable but not essential .
this post could be suitable for someone near the beginning of a career in administration , though some previous [managing] experience , not necessarily in university administration , is desirable but not essential .

The appointment will be in the academic-related administrative grade 2 ( 15,796 — 20,442 per annum , with a discretionary range to 22,925 ) .
the appointment will be in the academic-related [managing] grade 2 ( 15,796 — 20,442 per annum , with a discretionary range to 22,925 ) .

The main building contains tutors ' rooms , research rooms , a computing room , laboratories , and cartographic and administrative offices .
the main building contains tutors ' rooms , research rooms , a computing room , laboratories , and cartographic and [managing] offices .

The professor will normally be allowed to retain his full stipend during any term of sabbatical leave provided that ( a ) he will spend a considerable part of his leave in advanced study or research ; ( b ) he will give up all teaching and administrative duties in Oxford other than examining and graduate supervision ; ( c ) if after taking account of any loss of normal sources of income and any gain of income from new sources ( less any additional expenses associated with new activities ) , he is in a better financial position than if he had not taken leave , he will forgo from his stipend such sum as will leave him in approximately the same financial state as if he had not taken leave .
the professor will normally be allowed to retain his full stipend during any term of sabbatical leave provided that ( a ) he will spend a considerable part of his leave in advanced study or research ; ( b ) he will give up all teaching and [managing] duties in oxford other than examining and graduate supervision ; ( c ) if after taking account of any loss of normal sources of income and any gain of income from new sources ( less any additional expenses associated with new activities ) , he is in a better financial position than if he had not taken leave , he will forgo from his stipend such sum as will leave him in approximately the same financial state as if he had not taken leave .

The professor will also be expected to undertake examining duties and such administrative tasks as will from time to time arise , including possibly being head of department ( see below ) .
the professor will also be expected to undertake examining duties and such [managing] tasks as will from time to time arise , including possibly being head of department ( see below ) .

Henley Management College was founded in 1945 as ‘ The Administrative Staff College ’ by a group of business leaders who recognised a need for training at a senior level in business management and public administration .
henley management college was founded in 1945 as ‘ the [managing] staff college ’ by a group of business leaders who recognised a need for training at a senior level in business management and public administration .

The five-day grace period should allow rectification of any administrative delays and give the customer time to make any necessary borrowing arrangements or realise assets to fund margin calls .
the five-day grace period should allow rectification of any [managing] delays and give the customer time to make any necessary borrowing arrangements or realise assets to fund margin calls .

Nominated care judges have the same jurisdiction but do not have as wide an administrative role .
nominated care judges have the same jurisdiction but do not have as wide an [managing] role .

Lord Wilberforce said that this would be taxation by self-asserted administrative discretion and not by law ( p895 ) .
lord wilberforce said that this would be taxation by self-asserted [managing] discretion and not by law ( p895 ) .

Some of these are largely administrative .
some of these are largely [managing] .

Any person who believes that his or her rights under the Convention have been infringed by a court ruling or an administrative act , and who has exhausted all the possibilities of redress in the British courts may complain to Strasbourg .
any person who believes that his or her rights under the convention have been infringed by a court ruling or an [managing] act , and who has exhausted all the possibilities of redress in the british courts may complain to strasbourg .

Complaints to Strasbourg under the Convention can be used to force the Government to change administrative practices which shut out the media , and even to oblige it to legislate to give the media specific legal rights necessary to obtain access to information .
complaints to strasbourg under the convention can be used to force the government to change [managing] practices which shut out the media , and even to oblige it to legislate to give the media specific legal rights necessary to obtain access to information .

All the legal rules vital to them — the rules fixing taxation , welfare payments , labour relations , credit arrangements , and rent were born and live in particular acts of legislation , and litigation is increasingly a matter of judges finding pertinent sections in some statute or set of administrative regulations and deciding what these mean .
all the legal rules vital to them — the rules fixing taxation , welfare payments , labour relations , credit arrangements , and rent were born and live in particular acts of legislation , and litigation is increasingly a matter of judges finding pertinent sections in some statute or set of [managing] regulations and deciding what these mean .

Microcomputers also have administrative uses and can prove useful in providing better management information for school librarians ; in keeping records of stock orders and acquisitions ; in providing letters , lists , handouts , plans and reports of high quality in production terms ; in allowing school librarians to publicize their services and give pupils access to electronic noticeboards .
microcomputers also have [managing] uses and can prove useful in providing better management information for school librarians ; in keeping records of stock orders and acquisitions ; in providing letters , lists , handouts , plans and reports of high quality in production terms ; in allowing school librarians to publicize their services and give pupils access to electronic noticeboards .

This chapter has shown the uses of different software packages for administrative and curricular purposes .
this chapter has shown the uses of different software packages for [managing] and curricular purposes .

Having used the microcomputer for this purpose the school librarian is now planning to use word processing programs and to link an information retrieval program to the schools information skills course , thus expanding the use of the microcomputer into educational as well as administrative areas .
having used the microcomputer for this purpose the school librarian is now planning to use word processing programs and to link an information retrieval program to the schools information skills course , thus expanding the use of the microcomputer into educational as well as [managing] areas .

Glasgow , Edinburgh and Perth are the main administrative centres .
glasgow , edinburgh and perth are the main [managing] centres .

The management consultants who undertook this study concluded that , within the context of the two-tier system in administrative counties , area committees provided the best method of reconciling the rights of individuals with speed of decision , low cost and the interests of the wider community .
the management consultants who undertook this study concluded that , within the context of the two-tier system in [managing] counties , area committees provided the best method of reconciling the rights of individuals with speed of decision , low cost and the interests of the wider community .

This the committee rejected on the grounds that it would arouse keen political controversy , would involve insuperable financial problems and would necessitate the establishment of a complicated national administrative machinery .
this the committee rejected on the grounds that it would arouse keen political controversy , would involve insuperable financial problems and would necessitate the establishment of a complicated national [managing] machinery .

Apart from some limited rounding-off of existing small towns and villages , no further urban expansion is to be allowed within this belt … In other parts of the country , certain planning authorities are endeavouring , by administrative action , to restrict further building development around the large urban areas .
apart from some limited rounding-off of existing small towns and villages , no further urban expansion is to be allowed within this belt … in other parts of the country , certain planning authorities are endeavouring , by [managing] action , to restrict further building development around the large urban areas .

Monitoring and encouraging drug maintenance is largely an administrative task which requires flexible hospital and clinic opening times , a local register of patients needing regular treatment , and for social and clinical services to maintain a constant link to ensure continuous monitoring ( Freeman , 1978 ) .
monitoring and encouraging drug maintenance is largely an [managing] task which requires flexible hospital and clinic opening times , a local register of patients needing regular treatment , and for social and clinical services to maintain a constant link to ensure continuous monitoring ( freeman , 1978 ) .

Resembling a ship 's bridge , the company boardroom is located at the top of a 22 metre conning-tower , with the three floors below housing printing presses at the ‘ stern ’ and 4.500 sq metres of editorial and administrative space , a restaurant and fitness room around a central atrium located at the ‘ bow ’ .
resembling a ship 's bridge , the company boardroom is located at the top of a 22 metre conning-tower , with the three floors below housing printing presses at the ‘ stern ’ and 4.500 sq metres of editorial and [managing] space , a restaurant and fitness room around a central atrium located at the ‘ bow ’ .

Though Berton rose through the administrative ranks , he continued to direct : here was the Berton remembered by Meude-Monpas :
though berton rose through the [managing] ranks , he continued to direct : here was the berton remembered by meude-monpas :

Administrative records describe the Grands hautbois as a four-part ensemble , and this scoring is confirmed in a volume of music for this group that belongs to the Philidor Collection in the Bibliothèque Nationale .
[managing] records describe the grands hautbois as a four-part ensemble , and this scoring is confirmed in a volume of music for this group that belongs to the philidor collection in the bibliothèque nationale .

This compartmentalization on stage reflects the administrative separation between the different ensembles in the king 's employ and further suggests that each ensemble had its own integrity and its own performing conventions that would have been respected in varying contexts .
this compartmentalization on stage reflects the [managing] separation between the different ensembles in the king 's employ and further suggests that each ensemble had its own integrity and its own performing conventions that would have been respected in varying contexts .

legal or administrative reasons ) has preserved historical records .
legal or [managing] reasons ) has preserved historical records .

Office systems provide electronic tools to support a range of administrative functions which most desk-based staff will undertake in addition to their substantive business functions .
office systems provide electronic tools to support a range of [managing] functions which most desk-based staff will undertake in addition to their substantive business functions .

Whilst the latter is often collected and structured for the purposes of analysis , the former are created in administrative processes where the concept of secondary use is usually absent .
whilst the latter is often collected and structured for the purposes of analysis , the former are created in [managing] processes where the concept of secondary use is usually absent .

Administrative work revolved around files which were the place where people did their work .
[managing] work revolved around files which were the place where people did their work .

In order to reconstitute purposeful and meaningful administrative acts we not only need to save the different communicative acts but also to be able to reconstitute their inter-relationships in real time .
in order to reconstitute purposeful and meaningful [managing] acts we not only need to save the different communicative acts but also to be able to reconstitute their inter-relationships in real time .

Will historians be able to reconstruct administrative activity if all that is preserved is the document which initiates that activity and the final formal reply ?
will historians be able to reconstruct [managing] activity if all that is preserved is the document which initiates that activity and the final formal reply ?

Looking further ahead , one wonders to what extent even the notion of the records of a discrete administrative entity will still be meaningful .
looking further ahead , one wonders to what extent even the notion of the records of a discrete [managing] entity will still be meaningful .

Such issues have important implications for traditional archives where records are organised in discrete institutional blocks , ‘ groups ’ , or ‘ fonds ’ , according to the principles of administrative provenance .
such issues have important implications for traditional archives where records are organised in discrete institutional blocks , ‘ groups ’ , or ‘ fonds ’ , according to the principles of [managing] provenance .

We might reasonably expect them to want to store non-ephemeral documents for future administrative purposes and for these to be identified according to predefined index terms .
we might reasonably expect them to want to store non-ephemeral documents for future [managing] purposes and for these to be identified according to predefined index terms .

Even within existing state bodies , the workings of legal or administrative imperatives are being complicated by commercial forces , which reflect the revolution in the bureaucratic culture of British institutions over the past decade .
even within existing state bodies , the workings of legal or [managing] imperatives are being complicated by commercial forces , which reflect the revolution in the bureaucratic culture of british institutions over the past decade .

Thirdly , will the Brave New World of free text searching be a boon or a catastrophe ? Many scholars expect that in the future everything will be saved from information systems , and access will be provided via networks by some form of query language . But if researchers home in on the record as the first level of access , ignoring the surrounding administrative context and archival structure which forms part of its meaning , will understanding be fostered or impaired ?
thirdly , will the brave new world of free text searching be a boon or a catastrophe ? many scholars expect that in the future everything will be saved from information systems , and access will be provided via networks by some form of query language . but if researchers home in on the record as the first level of access , ignoring the surrounding [managing] context and archival structure which forms part of its meaning , will understanding be fostered or impaired ?

Although the data largely result from censuses and surveys , an increasing volume of data arises from administrative processes .
although the data largely result from censuses and surveys , an increasing volume of data arises from [managing] processes .

The characteristics which are common within a specialist collection of data may relate to the subject matter ( e.g. political opinion polls ) , to the time period ( e.g. historical social and demographic records ) , to the geographical coverage ( e.g. Northern Irish data ) , to the administrative units to which they relate ( e.g. New Town 's studies ) or even to the type ( e.g. spatially referenced data ) .
the characteristics which are common within a specialist collection of data may relate to the subject matter ( e.g. political opinion polls ) , to the time period ( e.g. historical social and demographic records ) , to the geographical coverage ( e.g. northern irish data ) , to the [managing] units to which they relate ( e.g. new town 's studies ) or even to the type ( e.g. spatially referenced data ) .

It is , after all , a relatively straight-forward logical development of the archivist 's role of custodian of records , dealing with what are essentially transactions of one kind or another : at a national level between states , between government departments and between government and subjects of the crown ; at a local level between private individuals , within and between local administrative bodies and between such administrative bodies and the individuals they serve .
it is , after all , a relatively straight-forward logical development of the archivist 's role of custodian of records , dealing with what are essentially transactions of one kind or another : at a national level between states , between government departments and between government and subjects of the crown ; at a local level between private individuals , within and between local [managing] bodies and between such [managing] bodies and the individuals they serve .

Indeed , traditional archivists devote much time and resources to providing users with a description of the administrative framework that gave rise to the generation of a particular record or class of records .
indeed , traditional archivists devote much time and resources to providing users with a description of the [managing] framework that gave rise to the generation of a particular record or class of records .

In addition to the administrative setting of the record , a detailed account of the technical environment in which the record was created is also required — for example , did encoding of information take place , and if so how was this performed ?
in addition to the [managing] setting of the record , a detailed account of the technical environment in which the record was created is also required — for example , did encoding of information take place , and if so how was this performed ?

Currently , much of the archival work reconstructing the administrative framework of the deposited documents is carried out retrospective to their creation .
currently , much of the archival work reconstructing the [managing] framework of the deposited documents is carried out retrospective to their creation .

Article 1 states the purpose of the Directive as approximating the law regulations and administrative provisions of the member states relating to unfair terms in contracts concluded between the seller or supplier and the consumer .
article 1 states the purpose of the directive as approximating the law regulations and [managing] provisions of the member states relating to unfair terms in contracts concluded between the seller or supplier and the consumer .

Article 10 requires the member states to adopt the laws , regulations and administrative provisions necessary to comply with this Directive no later than 31 December 1994 .
article 10 requires the member states to adopt the laws , regulations and [managing] provisions necessary to comply with this directive no later than 31 december 1994 .

They will have exchanged their pieces of paper with their attention on the specific terms on the front , and the administrative process of placing and logging an order , but , in many cases , they will not have the legal training to make the proper analysis of the situation .
they will have exchanged their pieces of paper with their attention on the specific terms on the front , and the [managing] process of placing and logging an order , but , in many cases , they will not have the legal training to make the proper analysis of the situation .

In many cases , it does not fit into the administrative systems of the parties , nor is it a usual way of doing business .
in many cases , it does not fit into the [managing] systems of the parties , nor is it a usual way of doing business .

Clause 1.2 of Precedent 2 ( copying the buyer 's approach in Butler ) approaches the problem in a different way , by seeking to pre-empt the seller 's administrative processes .
clause 1.2 of precedent 2 ( copying the buyer 's approach in butler ) approaches the problem in a different way , by seeking to pre-empt the seller 's [managing] processes .

The only practical problem encountered ( apart from cases where the proffered acknowledgement form was ignored , and the seller returned his own acknowledgement form or called for a special negotiation ) was that some sellers ' administrative systems required the issue of their own acknowledgement form before an order could be logged .
the only practical problem encountered ( apart from cases where the proffered acknowledgement form was ignored , and the seller returned his own acknowledgement form or called for a special negotiation ) was that some sellers ' [managing] systems required the issue of their own acknowledgement form before an order could be logged .

First , is the procedure that the buyer has to go through to claim the remedy a proper one from an administrative point of view , or is it designed to make it difficult or impossible in practice for the buyer to invoke the clause ?
first , is the procedure that the buyer has to go through to claim the remedy a proper one from an [managing] point of view , or is it designed to make it difficult or impossible in practice for the buyer to invoke the clause ?

Equally , in practice , there will be many matters calling for decision where to insist on unanimity would be time-consuming and probably tendentious — the purchase of books for the library , decoration of the premises , recruitment of additional secretarial staff , and similar matters of an essentially administrative nature .
equally , in practice , there will be many matters calling for decision where to insist on unanimity would be time-consuming and probably tendentious — the purchase of books for the library , decoration of the premises , recruitment of additional secretarial staff , and similar matters of an essentially [managing] nature .

Delegation of management responsibilities will be needed : ( 1 ) to avoid having to take day to day problems to full partners ' meetings for decision ; ( 2 ) to free individual partners from onerous administrative tasks so as to allow them to concentrate on fee earning ; ( 3 ) because it is inherently more efficient .
delegation of management responsibilities will be needed : ( 1 ) to avoid having to take day to day problems to full partners ' meetings for decision ; ( 2 ) to free individual partners from onerous [managing] tasks so as to allow them to concentrate on fee earning ; ( 3 ) because it is inherently more efficient .

Thus separate administrative departments might be established to deal with such matters as : ( 1 ) personnel ; ( 2 ) accountancy and finance ; ( 3 ) communications ; ( 4 ) property and maintenance ; ( 5 ) library ; ( 6 ) costs ( ie fee collection ) ; ( 7 ) administration ( office equipment , stationery supplies etc ) ; ( 8 ) public relations ( advertising , client care etc ) ; ( 9 ) professional standards ( and compliance generally , unless the volume of corporate and financial services work justifies a separate department for this ) ; ( 10 ) complaints .
thus separate [managing] departments might be established to deal with such matters as : ( 1 ) personnel ; ( 2 ) accountancy and finance ; ( 3 ) communications ; ( 4 ) property and maintenance ; ( 5 ) library ; ( 6 ) costs ( ie fee collection ) ; ( 7 ) administration ( office equipment , stationery supplies etc ) ; ( 8 ) public relations ( advertising , client care etc ) ; ( 9 ) professional standards ( and compliance generally , unless the volume of corporate and financial services work justifies a separate department for this ) ; ( 10 ) complaints .

These departments will needless to say be answerable direct to the main body of partners but , for administrative convenience an additional tier will usually be introduced in the form of a managing partner or a partners ' management committee as a more efficient method of control and a useful filter to ensure that the partners as a whole are spared the necessity of dealing with anything other than matters of real importance .
these departments will needless to say be answerable direct to the main body of partners but , for [managing] convenience an additional tier will usually be introduced in the form of a managing partner or a partners ' management committee as a more efficient method of control and a useful filter to ensure that the partners as a whole are spared the necessity of dealing with anything other than matters of real importance .

The increasing complexity of everyday business life has led many firms to recruit full time administrators whose status matches ( if indeed in terms of the power they wield it does not exceed ) that of the partners themselves ; or indeed one partner may be seconded to administrative duties on a permanent basis .
the increasing complexity of everyday business life has led many firms to recruit full time administrators whose status matches ( if indeed in terms of the power they wield it does not exceed ) that of the partners themselves ; or indeed one partner may be seconded to [managing] duties on a permanent basis .

Equally , it is not unknown for a partner gradually to lose interest in mundane administrative matters : often enough the problems that this can cause are exacerbated by his co-partners allowing him to escape his share of responsibility over a long period .
equally , it is not unknown for a partner gradually to lose interest in mundane [managing] matters : often enough the problems that this can cause are exacerbated by his co-partners allowing him to escape his share of responsibility over a long period .

As to administrative matters , in most firms it would be appropriate to delegate responsibility to one of the partners ( or a committee ) for ensuring that every member of the firm complies with the rules .
as to [managing] matters , in most firms it would be appropriate to delegate responsibility to one of the partners ( or a committee ) for ensuring that every member of the firm complies with the rules .

The principal object of the formation of a service company will be to carry out administrative functions concerned with the running of the practice — eg the employment of staff , hiring premises , furniture and equipment and general maintenance .
the principal object of the formation of a service company will be to carry out [managing] functions concerned with the running of the practice — eg the employment of staff , hiring premises , furniture and equipment and general maintenance .

Such arrangements may also be adopted as a first tentative step towards full merger ; ( 2 ) where the aim is to pool resources with a view to lowering overhead costs and achieving administrative savings .
such arrangements may also be adopted as a first tentative step towards full merger ; ( 2 ) where the aim is to pool resources with a view to lowering overhead costs and achieving [managing] savings .

There are three basic considerations : ( 1 ) the need to avoid the consequences of a dissolution and winding up of the whole business ; ( 2 ) the need to define the circumstances in which leaving the partnership is permitted or made compulsory ; and ( 3 ) the need to anticipate the financial and administrative consequences of the departure of members of the firm .
there are three basic considerations : ( 1 ) the need to avoid the consequences of a dissolution and winding up of the whole business ; ( 2 ) the need to define the circumstances in which leaving the partnership is permitted or made compulsory ; and ( 3 ) the need to anticipate the financial and [managing] consequences of the departure of members of the firm .

Where this is provided for ( Clause 18.02 ) the exact date of retirement may be tied to the end of the firm 's accounting year for administrative convenience .
where this is provided for ( clause 18.02 ) the exact date of retirement may be tied to the end of the firm 's accounting year for [managing] convenience .

It noted the possibility that in theory the interests of the partners might be so separated that a blanket restriction on competition would be unreasonable but rejected the contention that the mere fact of administrative departmentalisation could lead to that result .
it noted the possibility that in theory the interests of the partners might be so separated that a blanket restriction on competition would be unreasonable but rejected the contention that the mere fact of [managing] departmentalisation could lead to that result .

4 Administrative arrangements
4 [managing] arrangements

Since the early 1980s , the Chinese parliament has enacted four major laws on the protection of the environment , and eight laws on the protection of natural resources , and the government has issued a series of administrative regulations and environmental standards .
since the early 1980s , the chinese parliament has enacted four major laws on the protection of the environment , and eight laws on the protection of natural resources , and the government has issued a series of [managing] regulations and environmental standards .

The administrative court in Pau ruled that the government had failed to comply with a 1985 European Community directive that stipulates that the environmental impact of large construction projects must be investigated .
the [managing] court in pau ruled that the government had failed to comply with a 1985 european community directive that stipulates that the environmental impact of large construction projects must be investigated .

The delays appear to have been due to administrative confusion and a lack of political will .
the delays appear to have been due to [managing] confusion and a lack of political will .

Councils choose their own chairmen and the chief administrative officials are appointed professionals .
councils choose their own chairmen and the chief [managing] officials are appointed professionals .

Then came the population and administrative drift from west to east .
then came the population and [managing] drift from west to east .

Edinburgh 's growth as an administrative centre went hand in hand with this .
edinburgh 's growth as an [managing] centre went hand in hand with this .

The panel of jurors was made up of four highly respected individuals : Norman Shannon ( solicitor ) ; Brice Dickson ( Committee on the Administration of Justice ) ; Paul Hunt ( National Council for Civil Liberties ) ; and John Mitchell ( then a senior official of the Irish Distributive and Administrative Trade Union ) .
the panel of jurors was made up of four highly respected individuals : norman shannon ( solicitor ) ; brice dickson ( committee on the administration of justice ) ; paul hunt ( national council for civil liberties ) ; and john mitchell ( then a senior official of the irish distributive and [managing] trade union ) .

Moreover the two bishops standing at the foot of the throne had both been appointed for administrative work done in the King 's service .
moreover the two bishops standing at the foot of the throne had both been appointed for [managing] work done in the king 's service .

Most of them looked forward to an administrative career in the service of a lord , whether pope , king , bishop or earl .
most of them looked forward to an [managing] career in the service of a lord , whether pope , king , bishop or earl .

Space programmes also highlight contrasts in administrative and managerial elites .
space programmes also highlight contrasts in [managing] and managerial elites .

Compliance by owners would not be induced by administrative device , such as the formula 2x + y , the practical need for which amounts — despite the majority Report 's disclaimer — to an admission of the validity of the criticism of the intention that responsibility for management should be shared by trade unions .
compliance by owners would not be induced by [managing] device , such as the formula 2x + y , the practical need for which amounts — despite the majority report 's disclaimer — to an admission of the validity of the criticism of the intention that responsibility for management should be shared by trade unions .

In the absence of any third party judicial or administrative procedure the parties can ignore a defect supposedly invalidating a treaty , and continue to regard the treaty as valid ; the concept of absolute invalidity has little practical application in treaty law .
in the absence of any third party judicial or [managing] procedure the parties can ignore a defect supposedly invalidating a treaty , and continue to regard the treaty as valid ; the concept of absolute invalidity has little practical application in treaty law .

The Greek and Turkish members of the Commission were not delegates of their respective States who could act on the instructions of the member States , but members of an administrative body .
the greek and turkish members of the commission were not delegates of their respective states who could act on the instructions of the member states , but members of an [managing] body .

The administrative organs of an international organisation must be able to bring the requirements of the treaty to the attention of the member States , but if the members persist in their action , appear to have no further recourse .
the [managing] organs of an international organisation must be able to bring the requirements of the treaty to the attention of the member states , but if the members persist in their action , appear to have no further recourse .

The Court did not say that the administrative organs had unilaterally amended the treaty ; indeed under the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties amendment or modification can only be carried out by the unanimous agreement of the parties .
the court did not say that the [managing] organs had unilaterally amended the treaty ; indeed under the vienna convention on the law of treaties amendment or modification can only be carried out by the unanimous agreement of the parties .

These Courts held that since the Arab Organization for Industrialisation had its own legal identity separate from the four member States and enjoyed financial , procedural , and administrative autonomy , the latter could not be bound by obligations entered into on behalf of the Organisation .
these courts held that since the arab organization for industrialisation had its own legal identity separate from the four member states and enjoyed financial , procedural , and [managing] autonomy , the latter could not be bound by obligations entered into on behalf of the organisation .

While the members may be delegates of the member States , the administrative officers were independent and exclusively international employees of the Council .
while the members may be delegates of the member states , the [managing] officers were independent and exclusively international employees of the council .

In August 1944 , having enlisted Chinese support , Ho crossed the border into north Vietnam to make contact once again with the Vietminh forces who , by this time , and in the absence of any other administrative control or military power , were extending their influence in the mountains of northern Tonkin in the area known as the Viet Bac Revolutionary armed forces were supposed to be growing and there was apparently enough revolutionary enthusiasm to support the idea of launching another insurrection from there within a couple of months .
in august 1944 , having enlisted chinese support , ho crossed the border into north vietnam to make contact once again with the vietminh forces who , by this time , and in the absence of any other [managing] control or military power , were extending their influence in the mountains of northern tonkin in the area known as the viet bac revolutionary armed forces were supposed to be growing and there was apparently enough revolutionary enthusiasm to support the idea of launching another insurrection from there within a couple of months .

Sex in such establishments can raise administrative difficulties , problems for staff and problems in relationships generally .
sex in such establishments can raise [managing] difficulties , problems for staff and problems in relationships generally .

Administrative and managerial attitudes are affected .
[managing] and managerial attitudes are affected .

This analytical structure can be applied much more widely , including the design of administrative structures ; to think systematically and rationally about an educational system that has grown up ( as we saw ) in a wholly irrational and unplanned way can have disturbing and revolutionary effects .
this analytical structure can be applied much more widely , including the design of [managing] structures ; to think systematically and rationally about an educational system that has grown up ( as we saw ) in a wholly irrational and unplanned way can have disturbing and revolutionary effects .

It is the argument of this book that many of the reasons for this are organizational , and that a very considerable change in attitudes and practice results from taking up the administrative implications of all aspects of resource-based learning ( audio-visual , print-form and other ) and putting them to hand .
it is the argument of this book that many of the reasons for this are organizational , and that a very considerable change in attitudes and practice results from taking up the [managing] implications of all aspects of resource-based learning ( audio-visual , print-form and other ) and putting them to hand .

Although Hertfordshire distinguished between tutor-librarians ( whose job was primarily educational ) and `` college librarians `` , whose job was supposed to be entirely administrative , many felt that such distinctions were meaningless or misleading ; it was all a matter of proportion , and nobody ( it was argued ) working in a college library could avoid at some stage taking part in the educational process .
although hertfordshire distinguished between tutor-librarians ( whose job was primarily educational ) and `` college librarians `` , whose job was supposed to be entirely [managing] , many felt that such distinctions were meaningless or misleading ; it was all a matter of proportion , and nobody ( it was argued ) working in a college library could avoid at some stage taking part in the educational process .

Librarians in colleges of education , as befitted people closely in touch with the professional education of teachers , made considerable advances in the integration of the teaching and administrative roles of their collections and their staffs , and increasingly regarded a wide range of teaching commitments as being suitable to them .
librarians in colleges of education , as befitted people closely in touch with the professional education of teachers , made considerable advances in the integration of the teaching and [managing] roles of their collections and their staffs , and increasingly regarded a wide range of teaching commitments as being suitable to them .

Branscomb studied the typical college library `` from the standpoint of its educational effectiveness rather than its administrative efficiency . ``
branscomb studied the typical college library `` from the standpoint of its educational effectiveness rather than its [managing] efficiency . ``

Good schools have always regarded advice and guidance as part of the responsibilities of senior teachers , and department heads are chosen not only for their administrative abilities but also for their qualities of leadership in developing sound methodologies amongst their staff .
good schools have always regarded advice and guidance as part of the responsibilities of senior teachers , and department heads are chosen not only for their [managing] abilities but also for their qualities of leadership in developing sound methodologies amongst their staff .

In reality it would be an administrative nightmare .
in reality it would be an [managing] nightmare .

The Profitboss surrounds himself with achievers : Frankie Dockertz who achieves the most efficient warehouse operation in the region , Liz Mills who has eyes for selecting the best sales people in the country , Betty Boyd who provides the most reliable administrative back-up in the company .
the profitboss surrounds himself with achievers : frankie dockertz who achieves the most efficient warehouse operation in the region , liz mills who has eyes for selecting the best sales people in the country , betty boyd who provides the most reliable [managing] back-up in the company .

Many managers interpret that as being an administrative chore , filling in objective work-sheets and completing performance appraisal forms .
many managers interpret that as being an [managing] chore , filling in objective work-sheets and completing performance appraisal forms .

At a more practical level , but under the shadow of such an ideal , went the building of a series of administrative layers at the sensitive ideological point between the official state and the mass of the people .
at a more practical level , but under the shadow of such an ideal , went the building of a series of [managing] layers at the sensitive ideological point between the official state and the mass of the people .

It is , indeed , at this very point that the movement to advance the status of `` English `` in education must be situated if its particular history as a cultural and administrative form is to be understood .
it is , indeed , at this very point that the movement to advance the status of `` english `` in education must be situated if its particular history as a cultural and [managing] form is to be understood .

Here , apart from reliance on the rigours of a large-scale examination system , new areas of modern knowledge were set up as autonomous academic disciplines with a related German style system of professoriate , administrative hierarchy , and departmental structure , and a commitment to research — none of which was characteristic of the operations of the traditional classical curriculum .
here , apart from reliance on the rigours of a large-scale examination system , new areas of modern knowledge were set up as autonomous academic disciplines with a related german style system of professoriate , [managing] hierarchy , and departmental structure , and a commitment to research — none of which was characteristic of the operations of the traditional classical curriculum .

They were expected to recognize the national competitive importance of research and institutional efficiency , as formalized by the introduction of new postgraduate degrees ( especially the Ph.D. ) , and by the standardization of their administrative , faculty , and departmental structures .
they were expected to recognize the national competitive importance of research and institutional efficiency , as formalized by the introduction of new postgraduate degrees ( especially the ph.d. ) , and by the standardization of their [managing] , faculty , and departmental structures .

She is Sue Coulman , the Administrative Officer of the South Pacific Association of Theological Schools .
she is sue coulman , the [managing] officer of the south pacific association of theological schools .

Acknowledging his administrative talents and scholarly assets , Mrs Stevenson said the board felt , ‘ He simply did not have the specific skills which were needed for the job ’ .
acknowledging his [managing] talents and scholarly assets , mrs stevenson said the board felt , ‘ he simply did not have the specific skills which were needed for the job ’ .

When one considers those settlements left undefended , it becomes evident that the choice was dictated by military and administrative considerations , rather than the protection of communities , however considerable in size and number .
when one considers those settlements left undefended , it becomes evident that the choice was dictated by military and [managing] considerations , rather than the protection of communities , however considerable in size and number .

Secondly , this book is primarily about constitutional and administrative law and about governmental institutions .
secondly , this book is primarily about constitutional and [managing] law and about governmental institutions .

Writers on administrative law are not all in agreement about the best way of approaching the study of the legal control of administrative action .
writers on [managing] law are not all in agreement about the best way of approaching the study of the legal control of [managing] action .

On the other hand , other people think that general rules , such as the rules of natural justice ( considered in Chapter 8 ) , which apply across the whole range of administrative activities , can usefully be examined and discussed in their own right .
on the other hand , other people think that general rules , such as the rules of natural justice ( considered in chapter 8 ) , which apply across the whole range of [managing] activities , can usefully be examined and discussed in their own right .

This book is based on the view that the general principles of judicial review of administrative action are worth studying .
this book is based on the view that the general principles of judicial review of [managing] action are worth studying .

Furthermore , sometimes the government expressly delegates public administrative functions to non-governmental bodies : for example , under the Financial Services Act 1986 the Securities and Investments Board exercises a wide range of regulatory functions delegated to it by the Secretary of State ; the Board of Deputies of British Jews plays an important role in policing certain Sunday Trading laws ; the Wood Green Animal Shelter in North London runs the government 's computerized register of fighting dogs ; and the Rowntree Trust ( a private charitable organization ) administers the Family Fund ( a public fund to assist families of severely handicapped children ) .
furthermore , sometimes the government expressly delegates public [managing] functions to non-governmental bodies : for example , under the financial services act 1986 the securities and investments board exercises a wide range of regulatory functions delegated to it by the secretary of state ; the board of deputies of british jews plays an important role in policing certain sunday trading laws ; the wood green animal shelter in north london runs the government 's computerized register of fighting dogs ; and the rowntree trust ( a private charitable organization ) administers the family fund ( a public fund to assist families of severely handicapped children ) .

Where the shifting of assets and activities from the public to the private sector has not been possible , the government has attempted to subject public organizations ( such as the National Health Service and the administrative sections of Whitehall departments ) to competitive and financial pressures analogous to market pressures under which private businesses operate .
where the shifting of assets and activities from the public to the private sector has not been possible , the government has attempted to subject public organizations ( such as the national health service and the [managing] sections of whitehall departments ) to competitive and financial pressures analogous to market pressures under which private businesses operate .

Legislative , Administrative and Judicial Functions
legislative , [managing] and judicial functions

Corresponding to this tripartite division of institutions is a tripartite classification of governmental functions : legislative , administrative , and judicial .
corresponding to this tripartite division of institutions is a tripartite classification of governmental functions : legislative , [managing] , and judicial .

For example , Private Acts of Parliament are treated as legislation even though they may regulate the conduct of only a single individual ; on the other hand , an ‘ administrative order ’ affecting a large number of people may be difficult to distinguish from as legislative act .
for example , private acts of parliament are treated as legislation even though they may regulate the conduct of only a single individual ; on the other hand , an ‘ [managing] order ’ affecting a large number of people may be difficult to distinguish from as legislative act .

However , despite the complications , each of these types of function has a relatively clear central core , and the distinction between them is of importance in several areas of administrative law .
however , despite the complications , each of these types of function has a relatively clear central core , and the distinction between them is of importance in several areas of [managing] law .

Another point to note is that , at certain times in the history of administrative law , a distinction has been drawn between ‘ judicial ’ and ‘ quasi-judicial ’ functions .
another point to note is that , at certain times in the history of [managing] law , a distinction has been drawn between ‘ judicial ’ and ‘ quasi-judicial ’ functions .

This criticism is part of a wider attack on the use of classification of functions as a criterion for deciding issues such as the availability of judicial remedies to control administrative action ( the remedy of certiorari was at one time said to be available only if the decision-maker was under a duty to act ‘ judicially ’ ) , or the applicability of the rules of natural justice in particular circumstances ( sometimes said to apply only to ‘ judicial functions ’ ) .
this criticism is part of a wider attack on the use of classification of functions as a criterion for deciding issues such as the availability of judicial remedies to control [managing] action ( the remedy of certiorari was at one time said to be available only if the decision-maker was under a duty to act ‘ judicially ’ ) , or the applicability of the rules of natural justice in particular circumstances ( sometimes said to apply only to ‘ judicial functions ’ ) .

But the House of Lords has since made it clear that the scope of judicial review does not depend on any distinction between judicial and administrative functions but on whether the challenged decision affects the applicant 's rights or legitimate expectations and on arguments about the suitability and propriety of judicial review in the circumstances of the case .
but the house of lords has since made it clear that the scope of judicial review does not depend on any distinction between judicial and [managing] functions but on whether the challenged decision affects the applicant 's rights or legitimate expectations and on arguments about the suitability and propriety of judicial review in the circumstances of the case .

Not only may judicial and administrative functions be subject to judicial review , but so also may legislative ( or ‘ rule-making ’ ) functions .
not only may judicial and [managing] functions be subject to judicial review , but so also may legislative ( or ‘ rule-making ’ ) functions .

Such rules go by a variety of names : ‘ quasi-legislation ’ , ‘ administrative rules ’ , ‘ administrative guidelines ’ , ‘ circulars ’ , ‘ informal rules ’ , ‘ codes of practice ’ and so on .
such rules go by a variety of names : ‘ quasi-legislation ’ , ‘ [managing] rules ’ , ‘ [managing] guidelines ’ , ‘ circulars ’ , ‘ informal rules ’ , ‘ codes of practice ’ and so on .

Policy-makers remain in the traditional Whitehall departmental structure but policy-executives are ‘ hived off ’ into administrative agencies .
policy-makers remain in the traditional whitehall departmental structure but policy-executives are ‘ hived off ’ into [managing] agencies .

However , this counter-argument in turn assumes that the requirement of sufficient interest is a liberal standing rule in the sense that it makes access to the courts to challenge administrative action very easy , and so shifts the burden of weeding out weak cases to other mechanisms .
however , this counter-argument in turn assumes that the requirement of sufficient interest is a liberal standing rule in the sense that it makes access to the courts to challenge [managing] action very easy , and so shifts the burden of weeding out weak cases to other mechanisms .

The widest definition of the Crown in the cases is that of Lord Diplock in Town Investments Ltd. v. Department of Environment who said of the term that it is ‘ appropriate to embrace both collectively and individually all the Ministers of the Crown and parliamentary secretaries under whose direction the administrative work of government is carried on by civil servants in the various government departments ’ .
the widest definition of the crown in the cases is that of lord diplock in town investments ltd. v. department of environment who said of the term that it is ‘ appropriate to embrace both collectively and individually all the ministers of the crown and parliamentary secretaries under whose direction the [managing] work of government is carried on by civil servants in the various government departments ’ .

Another factor was raised in a case in which the government did not properly consult local authorities ( as required by statute ) before making some regulations : by the time the application to revoke the regulations was heard , they had been in operation for some time and to revoke them would have caused considerable administrative inconvenience which could not be justified given that no real complaint was made about the substance of the regulations .
another factor was raised in a case in which the government did not properly consult local authorities ( as required by statute ) before making some regulations : by the time the application to revoke the regulations was heard , they had been in operation for some time and to revoke them would have caused considerable [managing] inconvenience which could not be justified given that no real complaint was made about the substance of the regulations .

Suppose a plaintiff suffers loss as a result of an illegal administrative decision .
suppose a plaintiff suffers loss as a result of an illegal [managing] decision .

In the late 1960s and in the 1970s the development of administrative law was strongly influenced by Lord Reid and Lord Denning , both of whom were in favour of expanding judicial control of government .
in the late 1960s and in the 1970s the development of [managing] law was strongly influenced by lord reid and lord denning , both of whom were in favour of expanding judicial control of government .

The most common statutory period for the challenge of administrative decisions is six weeks .
the most common statutory period for the challenge of [managing] decisions is six weeks .

One of the results of the emphasis on remedies in administrative law is that the procedure for applying for these remedies is central to an understanding of the position of the public law litigant .
one of the results of the emphasis on remedies in [managing] law is that the procedure for applying for these remedies is central to an understanding of the position of the public law litigant .

They are designed to cope with the fact that judicial review actions often raise complex issues of public policy administrative practice which go well beyond the interests of the parties to the judicial review application and of the applicant in particular .
they are designed to cope with the fact that judicial review actions often raise complex issues of public policy [managing] practice which go well beyond the interests of the parties to the judicial review application and of the applicant in particular .

These four , colour-filled volumes , produced with remarkable speed after the ending of the war-engendered rift between the West and East Berlin museums ( the unification is so far only administrative , not actual ) , are fully aware of their historic resonance and so are suitably grandly dedicated : ‘ To the Bundespräsident , Richard von Weizsäcker , friends of Berlin museums and the honorary citizens of Berlin ’ , they proclaim .
these four , colour-filled volumes , produced with remarkable speed after the ending of the war-engendered rift between the west and east berlin museums ( the unification is so far only [managing] , not actual ) , are fully aware of their historic resonance and so are suitably grandly dedicated : ‘ to the bundespräsident , richard von weizsäcker , friends of berlin museums and the honorary citizens of berlin ’ , they proclaim .

They are that the system of representative democracy gives authority to the legislature to make law , and that the power conferred upon all administrative or public bodies is legitimate as it is derived from the legislature .
they are that the system of representative democracy gives authority to the legislature to make law , and that the power conferred upon all [managing] or public bodies is legitimate as it is derived from the legislature .

Clearly there is a very strong resemblance between this method of legitimating corporate power and that which still prevails today in respect of administrative bodies .
clearly there is a very strong resemblance between this method of legitimating corporate power and that which still prevails today in respect of [managing] bodies .

This modern justification of the discretionary power of corporate managers has a parallel in administrative law where we find that one of the arguments used to legitimate conferring discretionary power on administrative agencies has been their expertise and special competence in a particular field .
this modern justification of the discretionary power of corporate managers has a parallel in [managing] law where we find that one of the arguments used to legitimate conferring discretionary power on [managing] agencies has been their expertise and special competence in a particular field .

Much the same problem has arisen in administrative law .
much the same problem has arisen in [managing] law .

Here the problem is one of balancing an administrative body 's need for substantial discretion to make choices between different courses of action and the desirability of giving the courts power to intervene to prevent the discretion being exercised contrary to the intention of the legislature .
here the problem is one of balancing an [managing] body 's need for substantial discretion to make choices between different courses of action and the desirability of giving the courts power to intervene to prevent the discretion being exercised contrary to the intention of the legislature .

Judicial review of the exercise of discretionary powers by administrative bodies has been self-consciously based on the need to ensure that the intention of the legislature is implemented and that discretionary power is subjected to some sort of control in the name of the Rule of Law .
judicial review of the exercise of discretionary powers by [managing] bodies has been self-consciously based on the need to ensure that the intention of the legislature is implemented and that discretionary power is subjected to some sort of control in the name of the rule of law .

The idea that there is a strong parallel to be drawn between judicial review in administrative law and company law is further strengthened by the similarities between the standards of review used in these two fields .
the idea that there is a strong parallel to be drawn between judicial review in [managing] law and company law is further strengthened by the similarities between the standards of review used in these two fields .

Thus the duty of care prevents directors from acting wholly unreasonably ; the duty of loyalty ensures that their decisions are not biased ; and the duty to act bona fide in the interests of the company and not for any improper purpose is almost identical in its formulation as a standard of review to the administrative law test striking down decisions which are taken for an improper purpose .
thus the duty of care prevents directors from acting wholly unreasonably ; the duty of loyalty ensures that their decisions are not biased ; and the duty to act bona fide in the interests of the company and not for any improper purpose is almost identical in its formulation as a standard of review to the [managing] law test striking down decisions which are taken for an improper purpose .

In administrative law the theory is that the courts are simply implementing the will of the legislature by subjecting the exercise of discretionary power to these standards of review .
in [managing] law the theory is that the courts are simply implementing the will of the legislature by subjecting the exercise of discretionary power to these standards of review .

It has been seen that the modern justification for conferring broad discretionary power upon both corporate managers and administrative agencies is their special expertise .
it has been seen that the modern justification for conferring broad discretionary power upon both corporate managers and [managing] agencies is their special expertise .

Not only is expertise the justification for giving broad discretionary power to both corporate managers and administrative bodies , it also supposedly limits and controls the exercise of their power .
not only is expertise the justification for giving broad discretionary power to both corporate managers and [managing] bodies , it also supposedly limits and controls the exercise of their power .

The theory is that the range of decisions open to managers and administrative agencies is limited because a set of criteria derived from their expert background and training governs their decisions .
the theory is that the range of decisions open to managers and [managing] agencies is limited because a set of criteria derived from their expert background and training governs their decisions .

Once again a similar argument exists in administrative law-namely that the function of judicial review is to ensure that public bodies only take decisions which are within the scope of their expertise .
once again a similar argument exists in [managing] law-namely that the function of judicial review is to ensure that public bodies only take decisions which are within the scope of their expertise .

Thus it can be argued that although the courts proclaim that in reviewing the decisions of an administrative body they are merely attempting to keep the body within the jurisdiction conferred upon it by Parliament , in fact they do sometimes explicitly justify their decisions by reference to the expertise or lack of expertise of the body whose decision it is sought to review .
thus it can be argued that although the courts proclaim that in reviewing the decisions of an [managing] body they are merely attempting to keep the body within the jurisdiction conferred upon it by parliament , in fact they do sometimes explicitly justify their decisions by reference to the expertise or lack of expertise of the body whose decision it is sought to review .

Administrative decision-making on deprivation of parental rights and the coming and going of children into and out of the care of the state is perceived by many as an abuse of legal process .
[managing] decision-making on deprivation of parental rights and the coming and going of children into and out of the care of the state is perceived by many as an abuse of legal process .

It induces parties to submit their disputes voluntarily to conciliation or administrative decision and , in some areas such as divorce and custody , it involves them in working out a private solution , thus enhancing their acceptance of the outcome .
it induces parties to submit their disputes voluntarily to conciliation or [managing] decision and , in some areas such as divorce and custody , it involves them in working out a private solution , thus enhancing their acceptance of the outcome .

Furthermore , the evidence is of the proliferation of informal administrative agencies in the modern welfare state with discretion to determine the claims of citizens .
furthermore , the evidence is of the proliferation of informal [managing] agencies in the modern welfare state with discretion to determine the claims of citizens .

Emmanuel Leroy Ladurie , administrator of the Bibliothèque Nationale , has been appointed chairman of an association set up to consider the administrative problems and to determine the aims and contents of the long awaited library , and who the users will be .
emmanuel leroy ladurie , administrator of the bibliothèque nationale , has been appointed chairman of an association set up to consider the [managing] problems and to determine the aims and contents of the long awaited library , and who the users will be .

In the first year after independence , this task was completed by the formulation of policy guidelines , the establishment of administrative units and specialised media agencies , the drafting and classification of job descriptions for the required personnel , the identification of appropriate technology , and the organisation of media courses and workshops .
in the first year after independence , this task was completed by the formulation of policy guidelines , the establishment of [managing] units and specialised media agencies , the drafting and classification of job descriptions for the required personnel , the identification of appropriate technology , and the organisation of media courses and workshops .

Institutions can directly reflect political circumstances , and there can be no divorce between the implications of that feudal relationship and its expression in ‘ constitutional ’ forms — in appellate jurisdiction , in the devices used to delay homage or evade services , or in the administrative expedients whereby rights and revenues were upheld and increased .
institutions can directly reflect political circumstances , and there can be no divorce between the implications of that feudal relationship and its expression in ‘ constitutional ’ forms — in appellate jurisdiction , in the devices used to delay homage or evade services , or in the [managing] expedients whereby rights and revenues were upheld and increased .

Yet the judicial and administrative reforms of 1289 in the duchy gave rise to certain anxieties .
yet the judicial and [managing] reforms of 1289 in the duchy gave rise to certain anxieties .

In the meanwhile , the British system devised by Lord Waverley forty years ago to retain the works of art most essential to Britian 's artistic and historical heritage will be a largely pointless administrative hoop-la as works of art are declared to be national patrimony by the committees of experts , and then are exported anyway for lack of funds .
in the meanwhile , the british system devised by lord waverley forty years ago to retain the works of art most essential to britian 's artistic and historical heritage will be a largely pointless [managing] hoop-la as works of art are declared to be national patrimony by the committees of experts , and then are exported anyway for lack of funds .

In French law private possession of the reproduction of a work of art which is not stamped ‘ reproduction ’ is not a criminal offence , although it can entail an administrative police fine , like a parking ticket , of between FFr 100 and FFr1,000 ( £10–£100 ) .
in french law private possession of the reproduction of a work of art which is not stamped ‘ reproduction ’ is not a criminal offence , although it can entail an [managing] police fine , like a parking ticket , of between ffr 100 and ffr1,000 ( £10–£100 ) .

Renton 's suggestion of a further review of its role stems from the feeling in his department that the present system is an administrative duplication , that it does not allow the Minister to determine the policy framework , and that whenever a major funding issue arises the government has in any case to be directly involved at present .
renton 's suggestion of a further review of its role stems from the feeling in his department that the present system is an [managing] duplication , that it does not allow the minister to determine the policy framework , and that whenever a major funding issue arises the government has in any case to be directly involved at present .

The main article of faith for recent Conservative governments financial good housekeeping with great emphasis on public accountability obviously leads the Office of Arts and Libraries to wish to avoid unnecessary duplication of administrative systems .
the main article of faith for recent conservative governments financial good housekeeping with great emphasis on public accountability obviously leads the office of arts and libraries to wish to avoid unnecessary duplication of [managing] systems .

The Region has a contract with the Consortium ‘ Venezia Disinquinamento ’ ( Venice De-pollution ) for the purification of waters draining into the Lagoon from the surrounding hinterland , and a contract for the provision of technical services required ( including all the legal and administrative procedures ) to de-pollute the Lagoon , the historic centre of Venice and the towns of Mira and Chioggia .
the region has a contract with the consortium ‘ venezia disinquinamento ’ ( venice de-pollution ) for the purification of waters draining into the lagoon from the surrounding hinterland , and a contract for the provision of technical services required ( including all the legal and [managing] procedures ) to de-pollute the lagoon , the historic centre of venice and the towns of mira and chioggia .

In our forthcoming activities as private dealers we will require no more than an administrative infrastructure .
in our forthcoming activities as private dealers we will require no more than an [managing] infrastructure .

In the first year after independence , this task was completed by the formulation of policy guidelines , the establishment of administrative units and specialised media agencies , the drafting and classification of job descriptions for the required personnel , the identification of appropriate technology , and the organisation of media courses and workshops .
in the first year after independence , this task was completed by the formulation of policy guidelines , the establishment of [managing] units and specialised media agencies , the drafting and classification of job descriptions for the required personnel , the identification of appropriate technology , and the organisation of media courses and workshops .

France , for instance , saw a systematic administrative and judicial hunting down of incest between 1889 and 1898 , and the enactment of laws depriving defaulting parents of their paternal rights .
france , for instance , saw a systematic [managing] and judicial hunting down of incest between 1889 and 1898 , and the enactment of laws depriving defaulting parents of their paternal rights .

As Brian Harrison has pointed out , the peculiar nature of the problem as conceived by the moral reformers — as an individual moral failing from which social consequences flowed — meant that it was difficult to evolve administrative machinery to carry out their aims .
as brian harrison has pointed out , the peculiar nature of the problem as conceived by the moral reformers — as an individual moral failing from which social consequences flowed — meant that it was difficult to evolve [managing] machinery to carry out their aims .

At last London became , for administrative purposes other than the Poor Law , a single unit , able to initiate or finance large projects .
at last london became , for [managing] purposes other than the poor law , a single unit , able to initiate or finance large projects .

It was perhaps partly attributable to medical and administrative change , in particular to new infant welfare services and supplies of cheap pasteurized milk .
it was perhaps partly attributable to medical and [managing] change , in particular to new infant welfare services and supplies of cheap pasteurized milk .

One solution was the improvement of administrative and managerial efficiency , but emphasis was increasingly placed upon the need to improve the physical and productive efficiency of the mass of the population , and to increase the size of that population .
one solution was the improvement of [managing] and managerial efficiency , but emphasis was increasingly placed upon the need to improve the physical and productive efficiency of the mass of the population , and to increase the size of that population .

The Education ( Administrative Provisions ) Act 1907 included , buried among a number of routine administrative changes in the education service , a clause requiring local education authorities to ‘ provide for the medical inspection of schoolchildren ’ and ‘ to make such arrangements as may be sanctioned by the Board of Education for attending to the health and physical condition of children educated in public elementary schools ’ .
the education ( [managing] provisions ) act 1907 included , buried among a number of routine [managing] changes in the education service , a clause requiring local education authorities to ‘ provide for the medical inspection of schoolchildren ’ and ‘ to make such arrangements as may be sanctioned by the board of education for attending to the health and physical condition of children educated in public elementary schools ’ .

Fresh forms of income were uncovered ; old sources were improved ; and a new administrative machine was created to deal with the influx of wealth .
fresh forms of income were uncovered ; old sources were improved ; and a new [managing] machine was created to deal with the influx of wealth .

Offices that occupy millions of cubic feet in our contemporary administrative buildings did not then exist , and the government had virtually no paid agents in the localities .
offices that occupy millions of cubic feet in our contemporary [managing] buildings did not then exist , and the government had virtually no paid agents in the localities .

There are a number of reasons for tutors ' apparent retreat to the classroom , among which may be increasing administrative demands on their time and/or lack of opportunities for recent clinical experience .
there are a number of reasons for tutors ' apparent retreat to the classroom , among which may be increasing [managing] demands on their time and/or lack of opportunities for recent clinical experience .

Work was stratified , resulting in the most inexperienced and least qualified nurses delivering practical nursing care to the patient while senior nurses planned , organised and coordinated this activity from the nurses ' station , thus controlling the work while busying themselves with administrative duties .
work was stratified , resulting in the most inexperienced and least qualified nurses delivering practical nursing care to the patient while senior nurses planned , organised and coordinated this activity from the nurses ' station , thus controlling the work while busying themselves with [managing] duties .

By the end of the Meiji period control was focused in a highly centralized state whose functions were carried out through Western style political , administrative and judicial institutions operating in the name of the emperor .
by the end of the meiji period control was focused in a highly centralized state whose functions were carried out through western style political , [managing] and judicial institutions operating in the name of the emperor .

This semi-autonomous status , compounded by the administrative disintegration of China during these years , persuaded Japan that the future of Manchuria could be separated from that of China .
this semi-autonomous status , compounded by the [managing] disintegration of china during these years , persuaded japan that the future of manchuria could be separated from that of china .

Political activity was banned and Koreans were subordinated to Japanese at all levels of administrative activity .
political activity was banned and koreans were subordinated to japanese at all levels of [managing] activity .

The neighbourhood associations were used for administrative functions , but members were also encouraged to spy and report on fellow members to minimize disloyalty and unpatriotic behaviour , encouraging an atmosphere of mutual suspicion .
the neighbourhood associations were used for [managing] functions , but members were also encouraged to spy and report on fellow members to minimize disloyalty and unpatriotic behaviour , encouraging an atmosphere of mutual suspicion .

together , we have developed a package to promote the use of direct debits by the local populace , which will greatly reduce the administrative burden on the authority .
together , we have developed a package to promote the use of direct debits by the local populace , which will greatly reduce the [managing] burden on the authority .

Guidance on the circumspection required in the day-to-day exercise of administrative powers is provided for civil servants in a booklet ominously entitled The Judge Over Your Shoulder .
guidance on the circumspection required in the day-to-day exercise of [managing] powers is provided for civil servants in a booklet ominously entitled the judge over your shoulder .

Judicial review of administrative decisions by central or local government and certain other bodies is now commonplace .
judicial review of [managing] decisions by central or local government and certain other bodies is now commonplace .

To allay the disquiet which had been caused , the Lord Chancellor of the day , Lord Kilmuir , set up a committee on administrative tribunals and enquiries under the chairmanship of Sir Oliver Franks .
to allay the disquiet which had been caused , the lord chancellor of the day , lord kilmuir , set up a committee on [managing] tribunals and enquiries under the chairmanship of sir oliver franks .

In order to stress their independence , Franks wanted the Lord Chancellor to assume full administrative responsibility for the operation of virtually all tribunals .
in order to stress their independence , franks wanted the lord chancellor to assume full [managing] responsibility for the operation of virtually all tribunals .

With their replacement by the High Court and the Crown Court at fixed centres throughout the country , a new administrative structure had to be devised and substantial numbers of non-lawyer administrators were imported from other departments and elsewhere .
with their replacement by the high court and the crown court at fixed centres throughout the country , a new [managing] structure had to be devised and substantial numbers of non-lawyer administrators were imported from other departments and elsewhere .

The successive re-organizations have brought the Lord Chancellor 's Department , with a total staff of close on 12,000 , and the Crown Prosecution Service , with about 2,000 lawyers and 4,000 administrative staff , alongside the Home Office as public instruments for the administration of justice .
the successive re-organizations have brought the lord chancellor 's department , with a total staff of close on 12,000 , and the crown prosecution service , with about 2,000 lawyers and 4,000 [managing] staff , alongside the home office as public instruments for the administration of justice .

Apart from the provisions on young offenders , the Act contained administrative changes , including one dear to the heart of the Home Office which had been tried before , but withdrawn by the Home Secretary in the face of strong criticism when the Criminal Justice Bill 1947 was considered at Committee Stage in the Commons .
apart from the provisions on young offenders , the act contained [managing] changes , including one dear to the heart of the home office which had been tried before , but withdrawn by the home secretary in the face of strong criticism when the criminal justice bill 1947 was considered at committee stage in the commons .

The abolition of the death penalty was a political , not an administrative , reform .
the abolition of the death penalty was a political , not an [managing] , reform .

Administrative delays and mounting cost were the principal features which marred the subsequent development of what was to become one of the most extensive , and expensive , of all instruments of criminal justice .
[managing] delays and mounting cost were the principal features which marred the subsequent development of what was to become one of the most extensive , and expensive , of all instruments of criminal justice .

Delegated legislation , decisions of the courts , and changing administrative practice , amounted to a sluggish dynamic for speeding up the ability of the criminal justice system to respond .
delegated legislation , decisions of the courts , and changing [managing] practice , amounted to a sluggish dynamic for speeding up the ability of the criminal justice system to respond .

The procedural and administrative changes affected remands , young offenders , the disclosure of prosecution evidence to accused persons or those representing them , and coroners courts .
the procedural and [managing] changes affected remands , young offenders , the disclosure of prosecution evidence to accused persons or those representing them , and coroners courts .

In particular , national desires to shift from import-replacing investments to export-creating ones may be confounded by administrative impossibility .
in particular , national desires to shift from import-replacing investments to export-creating ones may be confounded by [managing] impossibility .

Though some reformers wanted to keep the social democratic welfare-oriented interventions of the state , all were united in wanting to free the production and distribution system from administrative meddling , incompetence and inefficiency .
though some reformers wanted to keep the social democratic welfare-oriented interventions of the state , all were united in wanting to free the production and distribution system from [managing] meddling , incompetence and inefficiency .

We need to attract companies … to establish operational headquarters … ( to ) … do product development work , manage their treasury activities , and provide administrative , technical and management services to their subsidiaries .
we need to attract companies … to establish operational headquarters … ( to ) … do product development work , manage their treasury activities , and provide [managing] , technical and management services to their subsidiaries .

Instead , we summarise the issues for the major policy agendas and illustrate the dilemmas with examples of particular choices of policy and administrative action .
instead , we summarise the issues for the major policy agendas and illustrate the dilemmas with examples of particular choices of policy and [managing] action .

Though they have all faced more complex choices by virtue of having mixed policies towards foreign investors and internal interest groups , there has been some perceptible consistency in approach over time , even though that is at times obscured by administrative and political compromise .
though they have all faced more complex choices by virtue of having mixed policies towards foreign investors and internal interest groups , there has been some perceptible consistency in approach over time , even though that is at times obscured by [managing] and political compromise .

The first concerns how investors assess the various measures and the second concerns how governments manage the administrative mechanisms they use to influence exchange rates .
the first concerns how investors assess the various measures and the second concerns how governments manage the [managing] mechanisms they use to influence exchange rates .

The latitude for administrative discretion in individual cases surely encouraged rather than checked official corruption .
the latitude for [managing] discretion in individual cases surely encouraged rather than checked official corruption .

Severe administrative obstacles and problems over valuation of the assets are prime obstacles to action .
severe [managing] obstacles and problems over valuation of the assets are prime obstacles to action .

Chile has been far more successful than most , precisely because of the simplicity of its administrative procedures and considerable pragmatism in assessing values : features largely absent elsewhere .
chile has been far more successful than most , precisely because of the simplicity of its [managing] procedures and considerable pragmatism in assessing values : features largely absent elsewhere .

Admirable though they are , the benefit of these moves are eroded by administrative inefficiencies and distrust .
admirable though they are , the benefit of these moves are eroded by [managing] inefficiencies and distrust .

In addition , Kodak found so much administrative hassle was to be involved in serving the regional market via Kenya that it was more cost-effective to fly in the chemicals direct to each country .
in addition , kodak found so much [managing] hassle was to be involved in serving the regional market via kenya that it was more cost-effective to fly in the chemicals direct to each country .

These shifting balances and the accompanying administrative muddle and dilemma are illustrated by experience in five national industries .
these shifting balances and the accompanying [managing] muddle and dilemma are illustrated by experience in five national industries .

Policy shifts and administrative compromise are common experiences .
policy shifts and [managing] compromise are common experiences .

; and includes such arcana as ouvriers , coast guards , naval administrative personnel , medical staff , etc .
; and includes such arcana as ouvriers , coast guards , naval [managing] personnel , medical staff , etc .

Many suffered hardship waiting for payments but were also made ineligible for help from the Independent Living Fund and other benefits because of the ‘ complete administrative disarray at the Benefits Agency ’ .
many suffered hardship waiting for payments but were also made ineligible for help from the independent living fund and other benefits because of the ‘ complete [managing] disarray at the benefits agency ’ .

He argues the need for : a written constitution which is compatible with the rule of law ; the separation of legislative , executive , and judicial power so that a system of checks and balances will be in place ; a bicameral legislature , to provide an additional check ; a federal system of government to protect against big , centralized government ; a bill of rights which will protect a sphere of private autonomy ; judicial review to ensure an effective mechanism of protection ; and specific limitations on legislative and administrative discretion .
he argues the need for : a written constitution which is compatible with the rule of law ; the separation of legislative , executive , and judicial power so that a system of checks and balances will be in place ; a bicameral legislature , to provide an additional check ; a federal system of government to protect against big , centralized government ; a bill of rights which will protect a sphere of private autonomy ; judicial review to ensure an effective mechanism of protection ; and specific limitations on legislative and [managing] discretion .

Through the distinctions he makes between civil association and enterprise association and between the state conceived of as societas and universitas we can begin to understand the intellectual foundations of the tension within normativist thought between law and administrative power .
through the distinctions he makes between civil association and enterprise association and between the state conceived of as societas and universitas we can begin to understand the intellectual foundations of the tension within normativist thought between law and [managing] power .

Roosevelt 's New Deal programme was an exercise in regulatory government and led to a major growth in regulation by administrative agencies .
roosevelt 's new deal programme was an exercise in regulatory government and led to a major growth in regulation by [managing] agencies .

The principle of the separation of powers is , for example , clearly evident in his views on administrative law .
the principle of the separation of powers is , for example , clearly evident in his views on [managing] law .

By administrative law Dicey meant a special body of rules , institutions and procedures which , as with the French system of droit administratif , is established to determine the rights , powers , liabilities , and immunities of public officials and of private individuals in their dealings with public bodies .
by [managing] law dicey meant a special body of rules , institutions and procedures which , as with the french system of droit administratif , is established to determine the rights , powers , liabilities , and immunities of public officials and of private individuals in their dealings with public bodies .

It was through this process that Dicey felt that England had escaped the threat to liberty presented by administrative law .
it was through this process that dicey felt that england had escaped the threat to liberty presented by [managing] law .

By denying the existence of administrative law in the face of the structural pressures for the growth in administration , the influence which Dicey 's theory had on political and legal thought served to shield us from the realities and to prevent us from addressing the issues raised by these developments in a constructive fashion .
by denying the existence of [managing] law in the face of the structural pressures for the growth in administration , the influence which dicey 's theory had on political and legal thought served to shield us from the realities and to prevent us from addressing the issues raised by these developments in a constructive fashion .

In this book , Hewart warned against the danger of ‘ organised administrative lawlessness ’ which was arising from the forms in which new statutory powers were being acquired by government departments .
in this book , hewart warned against the danger of ‘ organised [managing] lawlessness ’ which was arising from the forms in which new statutory powers were being acquired by government departments .

Given the concerns of the 1920s , it comes as no surprise that the initial challenge was over the issue of administrative law .
given the concerns of the 1920s , it comes as no surprise that the initial challenge was over the issue of [managing] law .

In 1928 William Robson published Justice and Administrative Law , a landmark text which he later described as an attempt ‘ to dispel the illusion held by all the leading lawyers , politicians , civil servants and academics who had been brought up on Dicey 's Law of the Constitution that in Britain there was no administrative law ’ In this book Robson argued that ‘ no modern student of law or political science has today the slightest doubt that there exists in England a vast body of administrative law ’ and that ‘ the problem is not to discover it but rather to master its widespread ramifications and reduce it to some kind of order and coherence ’ .
in 1928 william robson published justice and [managing] law , a landmark text which he later described as an attempt ‘ to dispel the illusion held by all the leading lawyers , politicians , civil servants and academics who had been brought up on dicey 's law of the constitution that in britain there was no [managing] law ’ in this book robson argued that ‘ no modern student of law or political science has today the slightest doubt that there exists in england a vast body of [managing] law ’ and that ‘ the problem is not to discover it but rather to master its widespread ramifications and reduce it to some kind of order and coherence ’ .

Robson was , in one sense , simply echoing the words of Maitland that ‘ if you take up a modern volume of the reports of the Queen 's Bench division , you will find that about half the cases reported have to do with rules of administrative law ’ and that you must ‘ not neglect their existence in your general description of what English law is ’ otherwise ‘ you will frame a false and antiquated notion of our constitution ’ The fact that Robson felt the need to propound this view so strongly , and that Maitland 's thoughts seemed to have been almost entirely neglected , serve to indicate that conservative normativism had by the 1920s become established as the dominant tradition .
robson was , in one sense , simply echoing the words of maitland that ‘ if you take up a modern volume of the reports of the queen 's bench division , you will find that about half the cases reported have to do with rules of [managing] law ’ and that you must ‘ not neglect their existence in your general description of what english law is ’ otherwise ‘ you will frame a false and antiquated notion of our constitution ’ the fact that robson felt the need to propound this view so strongly , and that maitland 's thoughts seemed to have been almost entirely neglected , serve to indicate that conservative normativism had by the 1920s become established as the dominant tradition .

Robson 's aims in Justice and Administrative Law were to examine the extent and nature of administrative adjudication and to provide an intellectual foundation for the development of a system of public law .
robson 's aims in justice and [managing] law were to examine the extent and nature of [managing] adjudication and to provide an intellectual foundation for the development of a system of public law .

Robson recognized that , throughout history , courts have performed administrative functions and administrative bodies have undertaken judicial functions .
robson recognized that , throughout history , courts have performed [managing] functions and [managing] bodies have undertaken judicial functions .

Robson 's solution was to enhance the judicial process and cultivate the judicial spirit within the administration by developing a rational system of administrative courts .
robson 's solution was to enhance the judicial process and cultivate the judicial spirit within the administration by developing a rational system of [managing] courts .

Robson 's text , which focused mainly on administrative adjudication , was complemented by the work of Willis on delegated legislation .
robson 's text , which focused mainly on [managing] adjudication , was complemented by the work of willis on delegated legislation .

Such writing on administrative law was bolstered in respect of constitutional law by the work of Ivor Jennings , whose book , The Law and the Constitution , subjected Dicey 's constitutional principles to critical examination :
such writing on [managing] law was bolstered in respect of constitutional law by the work of ivor jennings , whose book , the law and the constitution , subjected dicey 's constitutional principles to critical examination :

This style of writing focuses on facts rather than abstractions : this explains the differences in the views of Dicey and Jennings on the subject of sovereignty ; it is the reason for the disagreement between Dicey and Robson over whether or not we have administrative law ; and it is reflected in Willis 's argument against Hewart that the test of the existence of the ‘ new despotism ’ was to be found in the way in which the powers were actually used rather than how the form of the power cut across abstract constitutional principles .
this style of writing focuses on facts rather than abstractions : this explains the differences in the views of dicey and jennings on the subject of sovereignty ; it is the reason for the disagreement between dicey and robson over whether or not we have [managing] law ; and it is reflected in willis 's argument against hewart that the test of the existence of the ‘ new despotism ’ was to be found in the way in which the powers were actually used rather than how the form of the power cut across abstract constitutional principles .

This empiricist orientation and scientific temperament is also harnessed to a progressive outlook . Robson 's choice of a quotation from Whitehead for the epigraph of Justice and Administrative Law is indicative of the general mood :
this empiricist orientation and scientific temperament is also harnessed to a progressive outlook . robson 's choice of a quotation from whitehead for the epigraph of justice and [managing] law is indicative of the general mood :

From this perspective delegated legislation and administrative adjudication was not a symptom of despotic power but of the changing role of the state .
from this perspective delegated legislation and [managing] adjudication was not a symptom of despotic power but of the changing role of the state .

This functionalist approach also stressed the need for a rational system of administrative adjudication .
this functionalist approach also stressed the need for a rational system of [managing] adjudication .

But the functionalists also argue that the ideology which informs the common law approach is hostile to the positive aims of modern government , that the judiciary display a philosophical , cultural , or political bias when reviewing administrative action and therefore that new institutions with new personnel are required to develop a new jurisprudence for the modern age .
but the functionalists also argue that the ideology which informs the common law approach is hostile to the positive aims of modern government , that the judiciary display a philosophical , cultural , or political bias when reviewing [managing] action and therefore that new institutions with new personnel are required to develop a new jurisprudence for the modern age .

He believed that the implementation of politics constituted its essence , that ‘ a working theory of the state must , in fact , be conceived in administrative terms ’ .
he believed that the implementation of politics constituted its essence , that ‘ a working theory of the state must , in fact , be conceived in [managing] terms ’ .

His thoughtful articles during the early 1920s on delegated legislation , administrative discretion , and judicial review of social legislation seem to point the way for Jennings , Robson , and Willis .
his thoughtful articles during the early 1920s on delegated legislation , [managing] discretion , and judicial review of social legislation seem to point the way for jennings , robson , and willis .

And a particularly important strand to the style was the emphasis on facts and data gathering , rather than conceptualization , to good decision-making ; it therefore had a tendency to place greater trust in administrative bodies than courts .
and a particularly important strand to the style was the emphasis on facts and data gathering , rather than conceptualization , to good decision-making ; it therefore had a tendency to place greater trust in [managing] bodies than courts .

Although the Donoughmore Report dealt not only with delegated legislation but also with administrative adjudication , the latter subject continued to exercise concern .
although the donoughmore report dealt not only with delegated legislation but also with [managing] adjudication , the latter subject continued to exercise concern .

Dicey had feared that if the use of administrative tribunals was extended and regularized , particularly if judicial review were excluded , Britain would rapidly develop an independent and formalized system of administrative law .
dicey had feared that if the use of [managing] tribunals was extended and regularized , particularly if judicial review were excluded , britain would rapidly develop an independent and formalized system of [managing] law .

This is precisely what Robson , Jennings , and Willis were advocating since they argued for the rationalization of our haphazard arrangements for tribunals with an appellate jurisdiction vested in an administrative appeal tribunal which would be separate from the High Court .
this is precisely what robson , jennings , and willis were advocating since they argued for the rationalization of our haphazard arrangements for tribunals with an appellate jurisdiction vested in an [managing] appeal tribunal which would be separate from the high court .

Without a set of intelligible principles to guide them , or a rational institutional structure to supervise them , tribunals can not develop a system of administrative law .
without a set of intelligible principles to guide them , or a rational institutional structure to supervise them , tribunals can not develop a system of [managing] law .

Nevertheless , in the period after the Second World War , as the Labour government made significant advances in laying down its programme for a welfare state , there was a growing unease about the scale of administrative activity .
nevertheless , in the period after the second world war , as the labour government made significant advances in laying down its programme for a welfare state , there was a growing unease about the scale of [managing] activity .

These issues came to a head with the Crichel Down affair in the 1950s , which led to a general ‘ moral panic ’ about administrative power .
these issues came to a head with the crichel down affair in the 1950s , which led to a general ‘ moral panic ’ about [managing] power .

One of the reverberations was the establishment in 1955 of the Franks Committee , charged with the task of examining the working of the system of administrative tribunals and inquiries .
one of the reverberations was the establishment in 1955 of the franks committee , charged with the task of examining the working of the system of [managing] tribunals and inquiries .

If the growth of administrative adjudication could not be prohibited , it was argued that it must be regularized by integrating it into the ordinary law of the land , thereby ensuring that it develops in harmony with traditional common law principles .
if the growth of [managing] adjudication could not be prohibited , it was argued that it must be regularized by integrating it into the ordinary law of the land , thereby ensuring that it develops in harmony with traditional common law principles .

The Report of the Franks Committee in 1957 was recognized by Robson as ‘ an important landmark in our constitutional history ’ , largely because it accepted that administrative tribunals are ‘ a valuable and permanent part of the machinery of justice ’ and went much further ‘ than the grudging admission of the advantages possessed by tribunals accorded by the Donoughmore Report ’ .
the report of the franks committee in 1957 was recognized by robson as ‘ an important landmark in our constitutional history ’ , largely because it accepted that [managing] tribunals are ‘ a valuable and permanent part of the machinery of justice ’ and went much further ‘ than the grudging admission of the advantages possessed by tribunals accorded by the donoughmore report ’ .

Nevertheless , on the subject of the clash between the normativist and functionalist styles of public law — which emerged in the Franks Committee 's investigations over the question of whether any body responsible for supervising administrative tribunals should be detached from or integrated into the Supreme Courts — the Committee came down firmly in favour of integration .
nevertheless , on the subject of the clash between the normativist and functionalist styles of public law — which emerged in the franks committee 's investigations over the question of whether any body responsible for supervising [managing] tribunals should be detached from or integrated into the supreme courts — the committee came down firmly in favour of integration .

By this stage , then , the Diceyan argument that in Britain we had no administrative law had clearly been rejected .
by this stage , then , the diceyan argument that in britain we had no [managing] law had clearly been rejected .

The patchwork quilt of administrative decision-making powers reinforced the idea that this was not a new system of law in the making and the formalism of normativism led to the idea that to the extent that we had administrative law , the subject consisted wholly or mainly of delegated legislation and administrative adjudication ; that is , the forms of administrative action classifiable in terms of a conception of a formal separation of powers .
the patchwork quilt of [managing] decision-making powers reinforced the idea that this was not a new system of law in the making and the formalism of normativism led to the idea that to the extent that we had [managing] law , the subject consisted wholly or mainly of delegated legislation and [managing] adjudication ; that is , the forms of [managing] action classifiable in terms of a conception of a formal separation of powers .

Unified grade is used by the civil service to refer to the combination of administrative grades ( previously known as permanent secretary , deputy secretary , under secretary , assistant secretary , senior principal , and principal ) and professional or technical staff with equivalent salaries .
unified grade is used by the civil service to refer to the combination of [managing] grades ( previously known as permanent secretary , deputy secretary , under secretary , assistant secretary , senior principal , and principal ) and professional or technical staff with equivalent salaries .

Similarly , the remaining professional or technical staff are combined with administrative grades on the basis of salary .
similarly , the remaining professional or technical staff are combined with [managing] grades on the basis of salary .

From the start the project incorporated a screening nurse , who has competent administrative help .
from the start the project incorporated a screening nurse , who has competent [managing] help .

Select problems where the administrative cost and time or the social benefits support a group solution — that is , justify the choice of a group .
select problems where the [managing] cost and time or the social benefits support a group solution — that is , justify the choice of a group .

If a president is to break out of this situation , if he is to become a leader rather than a mere presider , he requires a reasonably united administrative branch , yet that minimum requirement is not easily come by .
if a president is to break out of this situation , if he is to become a leader rather than a mere presider , he requires a reasonably united [managing] branch , yet that minimum requirement is not easily come by .

It was quite unheard of for the White House to be so intimately involved in the appointment process so far down the administrative hierarchy .
it was quite unheard of for the white house to be so intimately involved in the appointment process so far down the [managing] hierarchy .

Cohesion in the administration was also facilitated by a system of cabinet councils , introduced at the suggestion of Meese and a major feature of Reagan 's administrative strategy in his first term .
cohesion in the administration was also facilitated by a system of cabinet councils , introduced at the suggestion of meese and a major feature of reagan 's [managing] strategy in his first term .

The Reagan forces were also alert to the possibilities of using administrative discretion as a means of policy change .
the reagan forces were also alert to the possibilities of using [managing] discretion as a means of policy change .

They recognized that some of their objectives could be reached by administrative action without running the gauntlet of the legislative process .
they recognized that some of their objectives could be reached by [managing] action without running the gauntlet of the legislative process .

Carter had advocated deregulation , but he approached reform via legislation whereas his successor sought the same end primarily through administrative action .
carter had advocated deregulation , but he approached reform via legislation whereas his successor sought the same end primarily through [managing] action .

The deregulation effort eventually petered out , but the Reaganites continued to use administrative discretion in their efforts to lighten the burden of regulation on industry and business .
the deregulation effort eventually petered out , but the reaganites continued to use [managing] discretion in their efforts to lighten the burden of regulation on industry and business .

The Reagan example illustrates the advantages that a president may derive from an effective administrative strategy .
the reagan example illustrates the advantages that a president may derive from an effective [managing] strategy .

By carefully vetting and indoctrinating appointees , he can bring some order and direction to a mammoth , unruly bureaucracy and progress towards policy change can be made by administrative action .
by carefully vetting and indoctrinating appointees , he can bring some order and direction to a mammoth , unruly bureaucracy and progress towards policy change can be made by [managing] action .

If one strand of Reagan 's economic strategy — deregulation — was pursued principally by administrative means , a second — the establishment of a sound monetary policy — was , in the main , beyond the executive branch 's sphere of influence .
if one strand of reagan 's economic strategy — deregulation — was pursued principally by [managing] means , a second — the establishment of a sound monetary policy — was , in the main , beyond the executive branch 's sphere of influence .

In other words , he needs a successful legislative strategy to place alongside his administrative strategy .
in other words , he needs a successful legislative strategy to place alongside his [managing] strategy .

Enjoying immunities from various forms of taxation and from administrative interference by the State , the monasteries were at a distinct advantage in accumulating land and retaining scarce peasant labour , and they benefited from a flow of bequests by repentant sons of the Church .
enjoying immunities from various forms of taxation and from [managing] interference by the state , the monasteries were at a distinct advantage in accumulating land and retaining scarce peasant labour , and they benefited from a flow of bequests by repentant sons of the church .

With a few exceptions , sixteenth-century towns were in any case little more than glorified military and administrative headquarters , supplied by a small population of artisans and petty traders .
with a few exceptions , sixteenth-century towns were in any case little more than glorified military and [managing] headquarters , supplied by a small population of artisans and petty traders .

It was partly in recognition of these tender sprouts of leadership among Russia 's ‘ third estate ’ that during the 1550s Ivan the Terrible drew up a new legal code and made a number of important administrative reforms .
it was partly in recognition of these tender sprouts of leadership among russia 's ‘ third estate ’ that during the 1550s ivan the terrible drew up a new legal code and made a number of important [managing] reforms .

The judicial and administrative functions left to the commune were somewhat broader , and in place of the pomeshchik stood a lowly government official .
the judicial and [managing] functions left to the commune were somewhat broader , and in place of the pomeshchik stood a lowly government official .

The heavy cost of military modernization generated major fiscal and administrative innovations .
the heavy cost of military modernization generated major fiscal and [managing] innovations .

The creation of a regular army and somewhat more effective administrative apparatus enabled him briefly to force the pace of change in the face of widespread noble hostility .
the creation of a regular army and somewhat more effective [managing] apparatus enabled him briefly to force the pace of change in the face of widespread noble hostility .

Peter almost doubled Muscovy 's few thousand administrative posts , but his successors cut the number so that in the mid eighteenth century the total was still little over 10,000 .
peter almost doubled muscovy 's few thousand [managing] posts , but his successors cut the number so that in the mid eighteenth century the total was still little over 10,000 .

In the absence of any clear division between administrative and judicial functions , even the humblest official enjoyed arbitrary power .
in the absence of any clear division between [managing] and judicial functions , even the humblest official enjoyed arbitrary power .

It was impossible for the government to derive any clear picture of its own administrative apparatus , let alone of the distribution of resources in the Empire .
it was impossible for the government to derive any clear picture of its own [managing] apparatus , let alone of the distribution of resources in the empire .

The administrative arrangements adopted by the government to ensure discipline and orderly payment of taxes and redemption dues made the situation worse still .
the [managing] arrangements adopted by the government to ensure discipline and orderly payment of taxes and redemption dues made the situation worse still .

The abolition of the authority of serf-owners made inevitable significant administrative and judicial changes .
the abolition of the authority of serf-owners made inevitable significant [managing] and judicial changes .

At the end of 1864 the legal system was reformed and the judiciary separated from the administrative bureaucracy , as reformers had long urged .
at the end of 1864 the legal system was reformed and the judiciary separated from the [managing] bureaucracy , as reformers had long urged .

Yet here too the government was careful to reserve the right to deal with cases it considered politically dangerous through administrative action outside the control of the courts .
yet here too the government was careful to reserve the right to deal with cases it considered politically dangerous through [managing] action outside the control of the courts .

But again the government retained extensive administrative powers to give it a free hand in dealing with radical writers and journalists .
but again the government retained extensive [managing] powers to give it a free hand in dealing with radical writers and journalists .

Moreover , when in 1870 urban administrative councils ( dumy ) analogous to the rural zemstvos were established , even the most prominent commoners tended to defer to the minority of nobles represented on the councils .
moreover , when in 1870 urban [managing] councils ( dumy ) analogous to the rural zemstvos were established , even the most prominent commoners tended to defer to the minority of nobles represented on the councils .

There are four main questions which emerge from these discussions which are central to all of these proposed models . These are : How do we continue to aim for a principle of equity in distributing limited resources across populations ? How are management costs and the administrative burden of any of these models minimised ? How do we develop systems that are sensitive to the needs of users as well as the expressed needs of practitioners ? and , How do we maintain the practitioners ' interest when the need for change is identified but managing a planned process of change will take time ?
there are four main questions which emerge from these discussions which are central to all of these proposed models . these are : how do we continue to aim for a principle of equity in distributing limited resources across populations ? how are management costs and the [managing] burden of any of these models minimised ? how do we develop systems that are sensitive to the needs of users as well as the expressed needs of practitioners ? and , how do we maintain the practitioners ' interest when the need for change is identified but managing a planned process of change will take time ?

This must be seen as a specialist task , on a par with other administrative duties and research commitments .
this must be seen as a specialist task , on a par with other [managing] duties and research commitments .

Deliberate assistance to economic growth went hand in hand with administrative reform aimed at channelling its profits firmly into princely treasuries .
deliberate assistance to economic growth went hand in hand with [managing] reform aimed at channelling its profits firmly into princely treasuries .

Although this procedure had been used for administrative purposes in Normandy ( where the English example of Domesday Book was an inspiration ) and in Anjou before Geoffrey le Bel 's conquest of Normandy , the Feoda marked an important step in its use in eastern France .
although this procedure had been used for [managing] purposes in normandy ( where the english example of domesday book was an inspiration ) and in anjou before geoffrey le bel 's conquest of normandy , the feoda marked an important step in its use in eastern france .

The grouping demonstrates Henry 's clerks ' clear conception of the administrative geography of the county .
the grouping demonstrates henry 's clerks ' clear conception of the [managing] geography of the county .

The two most influential men in Bruges , the castellan and the dean of St Donatian 's , ex officio chancellor of Flanders , were both members of a powerful new family , the Erembalds , which had risen from servile origins to prominence by the route of comital administrative service .
the two most influential men in bruges , the castellan and the dean of st donatian 's , ex officio chancellor of flanders , were both members of a powerful new family , the erembalds , which had risen from servile origins to prominence by the route of comital [managing] service .

For all princes , the communal movement raised a rather different problem : each privileged community , whether fully self-governing or merely franchised , constituted in enclave subject to different rules from its neighbours ; it was not therefore easily absorbed into the administrative framework of castellanies which the princes of the north were seeking to clarify and define .
for all princes , the communal movement raised a rather different problem : each privileged community , whether fully self-governing or merely franchised , constituted in enclave subject to different rules from its neighbours ; it was not therefore easily absorbed into the [managing] framework of castellanies which the princes of the north were seeking to clarify and define .

There the eleventh-century proliferation of consuetudines and castellanies had been modified by the survival ( in places at least ) of the old administrative framework , and by the tradition that serious offences were justiciable in a court higher than that of the castellan .
there the eleventh-century proliferation of consuetudines and castellanies had been modified by the survival ( in places at least ) of the old [managing] framework , and by the tradition that serious offences were justiciable in a court higher than that of the castellan .

And John of Salisbury was not alone in believing that the administrative class was in dire need of instruction , lest it subvert the common good in its own or its master 's interests .
and john of salisbury was not alone in believing that the [managing] class was in dire need of instruction , lest it subvert the common good in its own or its master 's interests .

The aim of the Norman exchequer rolls was to provide a complete record of the debts and revenues due from each administrative unit of the duchy .
the aim of the norman exchequer rolls was to provide a complete record of the debts and revenues due from each [managing] unit of the duchy .

Most unions are single enterprise units extending membership to all regular employees , but what appears unusual from a Western perspective is the amount of administrative support given by the company in collecting union subscriptions or in providing organizational help for union officials .
most unions are single enterprise units extending membership to all regular employees , but what appears unusual from a western perspective is the amount of [managing] support given by the company in collecting union subscriptions or in providing organizational help for union officials .

Any curriculum group that is involved in producing curriculum material for full publication on a national basis , or with commercial publishers , will need to become experienced not only with the creative part of the work but also with the administrative problems entailed .
any curriculum group that is involved in producing curriculum material for full publication on a national basis , or with commercial publishers , will need to become experienced not only with the creative part of the work but also with the [managing] problems entailed .

One of the runners rushed into work on Saturdays to help out with the vast backlog of administrative chores on the understanding this might help his promotion prospects .
one of the runners rushed into work on saturdays to help out with the vast backlog of [managing] chores on the understanding this might help his promotion prospects .

His title `` Button `` stuck even when Harvard shifted him into an administrative role ; he was obviously too intelligent to remain a runner .
his title `` button `` stuck even when harvard shifted him into an [managing] role ; he was obviously too intelligent to remain a runner .

Poor dealers were sometimes kept on by firms by being shifted into administrative positions , e.g .
poor dealers were sometimes kept on by firms by being shifted into [managing] positions , e.g .

The administrative backlogs and incompetence at certain licensed dealers became a nightmare for clients .
the [managing] backlogs and incompetence at certain licensed dealers became a nightmare for clients .

Schumpeter drastically narrowed the conception of democracy he used by defining it as `` a political method … for arriving at political — legislative and administrative — decisions `` , and therefore , he said , `` incapable of being an end in itself `` .
schumpeter drastically narrowed the conception of democracy he used by defining it as `` a political method … for arriving at political — legislative and [managing] — decisions `` , and therefore , he said , `` incapable of being an end in itself `` .

As the courts were unwilling to look behind the minister 's affidavit , there was a clear risk that the minister might misuse his power to ensure secrecy for no better reason than administrative convenience .
as the courts were unwilling to look behind the minister 's affidavit , there was a clear risk that the minister might misuse his power to ensure secrecy for no better reason than [managing] convenience .

( c ) Sometimes reasonableness arises in the context of a precondition before an administrative action can be taken .
( c ) sometimes reasonableness arises in the context of a precondition before an [managing] action can be taken .

h century they were applied to all types of administrative bodies such as public boards and local authorities and to decisions such as licensing , dismissals from office or compulsory purchase .
h century they were applied to all types of [managing] bodies such as public boards and local authorities and to decisions such as licensing , dismissals from office or compulsory purchase .

This encouraged the courts to draw a rigid distinction between judicial and administrative decisions .
this encouraged the courts to draw a rigid distinction between judicial and [managing] decisions .

Purely administrative decisions .
purely [managing] decisions .

Ptah was an important god from the First Dynasty , when Memphis became the administrative capital of Egypt .
ptah was an important god from the first dynasty , when memphis became the [managing] capital of egypt .

After some eleventh hour uncertainty and administrative hiccups , my Hastings landed in the fog at Lyneham in the November of 1956 .
after some eleventh hour uncertainty and [managing] hiccups , my hastings landed in the fog at lyneham in the november of 1956 .

Concurrent with this programme of activity , there are dozens of administrative jobs to be done .
concurrent with this programme of activity , there are dozens of [managing] jobs to be done .

( 1 ) that there should be fair distribution between geographical areas , so that , in any year , where possible one school should be included from each of the eight ( now six ) educational administrative areas ( 2 ) that in any year , project schools should comprise a mix of schools in terms of the degree to which educational initiatives of one sort or another have been taken , the socioeconomic environment , philosophies of grouping , pedagogy etc .
( 1 ) that there should be fair distribution between geographical areas , so that , in any year , where possible one school should be included from each of the eight ( now six ) educational [managing] areas ( 2 ) that in any year , project schools should comprise a mix of schools in terms of the degree to which educational initiatives of one sort or another have been taken , the socioeconomic environment , philosophies of grouping , pedagogy etc .

Proposals typically contained statements of commitment to the development of the individual child , acknowledgement of the central position of the library and its resources in the curriculum provision of the school , and a willingness to establish an appropriate administrative and physical infrastructure for the successful implementation of the project .
proposals typically contained statements of commitment to the development of the individual child , acknowledgement of the central position of the library and its resources in the curriculum provision of the school , and a willingness to establish an appropriate [managing] and physical infrastructure for the successful implementation of the project .

This crucial role requires considerable management , leadership and administrative skills as well as sensitivity to the particular views and needs of both Education and Industry .
this crucial role requires considerable management , leadership and [managing] skills as well as sensitivity to the particular views and needs of both education and industry .

Co-direction ensures that administrative decisions are made with the full understanding of the implications for all participants .
co-direction ensures that [managing] decisions are made with the full understanding of the implications for all participants .

For teachers it can , however , sometimes seem like an administrative chore or merely an unwelcome interruption of the timetable .
for teachers it can , however , sometimes seem like an [managing] chore or merely an unwelcome interruption of the timetable .

Trade Union Administrative Offices may join Compacts as employers .
trade union [managing] offices may join compacts as employers .

The transfer of the administrative powers and duties of the Justices of the Peace to the county council ;
the transfer of the [managing] powers and duties of the justices of the peace to the county council ;

London , with the exception of the City of London , to become an administrative county ;
london , with the exception of the city of london , to become an [managing] county ;

The transfer of certain functions of administrative control from central departments of government to the county councils — decentralisation ;
the transfer of certain functions of [managing] control from central departments of government to the county councils — decentralisation ;

This dream of decentralisation as a means to administrative efficiency continues to the present day , but it always wakes to the reality of Political control .
this dream of decentralisation as a means to [managing] efficiency continues to the present day , but it always wakes to the reality of political control .

In a final chapter the editor evaluated the experience against the objectives identified by the Herbert Royal Commission : ‘ administrative efficiency and the health of representative government ’ ( Rhodes 1972:457 — 8 ) .
in a final chapter the editor evaluated the experience against the objectives identified by the herbert royal commission : ‘ [managing] efficiency and the health of representative government ’ ( rhodes 1972:457 — 8 ) .

The arguments were similar to those Senior had used in criticising the English unitary authorities : all-purpose authorities would reflect neither the administrative needs of the services , nor the boundaries of community feeling ( Wheatley 1969 : 164 — 5 ) .
the arguments were similar to those senior had used in criticising the english unitary authorities : all-purpose authorities would reflect neither the [managing] needs of the services , nor the boundaries of community feeling ( wheatley 1969 : 164 — 5 ) .

There was also the undoubted administrative convenience of having the experience and structure of the former county boroughs to draw on when establishing departments in the new authorities : a district without this advantage would need to create departments from scratch amid the other upheavals of reorganisation .
there was also the undoubted [managing] convenience of having the experience and structure of the former county boroughs to draw on when establishing departments in the new authorities : a district without this advantage would need to create departments from scratch amid the other upheavals of reorganisation .

Governments , too , have adopted a suitably objective approach in public , basing their arguments on considerations of administrative efficiency and democratic improvement .
governments , too , have adopted a suitably objective approach in public , basing their arguments on considerations of [managing] efficiency and democratic improvement .

It can refer to geographical area as in planning or other land-based services , or to the administrative needs of personal services such as education .
it can refer to geographical area as in planning or other land-based services , or to the [managing] needs of personal services such as education .

As such , the central government will allocate responsibilities to local government in accordance with criteria that meet the political and administrative objectives of the centre at any particular time .
as such , the central government will allocate responsibilities to local government in accordance with criteria that meet the political and [managing] objectives of the centre at any particular time .

The commercial reasons for going outside may ‘ include cost-effectiveness , lack of in-house expertise , the need to reduce overheads , greater administrative convenience and the need for increased flexibility to respond to changes in market conditions ’ ( Ascher 1987:8 ) .
the commercial reasons for going outside may ‘ include cost-effectiveness , lack of in-house expertise , the need to reduce overheads , greater [managing] convenience and the need for increased flexibility to respond to changes in market conditions ’ ( ascher 1987:8 ) .

These two approaches correspond to the main movements for organisational change that dominated the 1960s and 1970s : the pressure for improvements in administrative efficiency and the encouragement of corporate planning ( Stewart 1974:28 — 9 ) .
these two approaches correspond to the main movements for organisational change that dominated the 1960s and 1970s : the pressure for improvements in [managing] efficiency and the encouragement of corporate planning ( stewart 1974:28 — 9 ) .

At the policy-making level , decisions should be taken within an administrative context that allowed policy objectives to be examined against the financial constraints imposed by finite resources .
at the policy-making level , decisions should be taken within an [managing] context that allowed policy objectives to be examined against the financial constraints imposed by finite resources .

The growth in partisan organisation on local authorities presents problems of integrating the political reality of decision-taking with the formal administrative structure .
the growth in partisan organisation on local authorities presents problems of integrating the political reality of decision-taking with the formal [managing] structure .

Thus the administrative changes since the mid-1960s have given the leader a formal co-ordinating position that was not previously available .
thus the [managing] changes since the mid-1960s have given the leader a formal co-ordinating position that was not previously available .

They are now conducted , however , within a very different administrative framework following the changes introduced in the wake of the Maud and Bains Reports .
they are now conducted , however , within a very different [managing] framework following the changes introduced in the wake of the maud and bains reports .

The arrangements to achieve this aim added to the complexity of the scheme and hence to the administrative costs ( Travers 1989b:13 ) .
the arrangements to achieve this aim added to the complexity of the scheme and hence to the [managing] costs ( travers 1989b:13 ) .

In addition to these considerations of Layfield , the collection of the tax should not be excessively costly or present substantial new administrative problems .
in addition to these considerations of layfield , the collection of the tax should not be excessively costly or present substantial new [managing] problems .

Of course , we can not draw conclusions about the calibre of a person simply from his or her occupation or education , but these figures do not support the view that councillors lack either the education or administrative experience to perform their duties .
of course , we can not draw conclusions about the calibre of a person simply from his or her occupation or education , but these figures do not support the view that councillors lack either the education or [managing] experience to perform their duties .

New entrants to the upper class were made civilised and imbued with an ethos which extolled administrative and professional qualities rather than inventiveness or entrepreneurship .
new entrants to the upper class were made civilised and imbued with an ethos which extolled [managing] and professional qualities rather than inventiveness or entrepreneurship .

In 1945–46 Soviet policy was to encourage cooperation between the moderate leftists and the communists until an administrative framework had been created .
in 1945–46 soviet policy was to encourage cooperation between the moderate leftists and the communists until an [managing] framework had been created .

Bolté asked for Roberts 's advice on cutting administrative costs in Korea . Aspects of the military aid programme were under discussion in the State Department :
bolté asked for roberts 's advice on cutting [managing] costs in korea . aspects of the military aid programme were under discussion in the state department :

‘ So when it comes to paying the academic and administrative core staff of the college , when it comes to heating and lighting the buildings , ensuring their safety , maintaining the basic fabric of the place , it is the Universities Funding Council block grant which is the only money available to cover these costs .
‘ so when it comes to paying the academic and [managing] core staff of the college , when it comes to heating and lighting the buildings , ensuring their safety , maintaining the basic fabric of the place , it is the universities funding council block grant which is the only money available to cover these costs .

Commissioned as an administrative officer , he eventually became adjutant to the commander of the tactical air force , based at Larisa in central Greece , and made a point of being around whenever any representatives of civil suppliers appeared at headquarters to make presentations .
commissioned as an [managing] officer , he eventually became adjutant to the commander of the tactical air force , based at larisa in central greece , and made a point of being around whenever any representatives of civil suppliers appeared at headquarters to make presentations .

What the treaty did not do was to make the two kingdoms of France and England one ; they were to remain separate , each with its own legal and administrative identity .
what the treaty did not do was to make the two kingdoms of france and england one ; they were to remain separate , each with its own legal and [managing] identity .

Besides this diocesan system of priestly pastoral care , there are two other administrative bodies of crucial importance .
besides this diocesan system of priestly pastoral care , there are two other [managing] bodies of crucial importance .

Although social , political and economic factors were obviously important , the administrative machinery of government was geared ultimately towards creating a culture which earned God 's endorsement and fulfilled what was deemed to be His will .
although social , political and economic factors were obviously important , the [managing] machinery of government was geared ultimately towards creating a culture which earned god 's endorsement and fulfilled what was deemed to be his will .

For the rest , the Sadducees occupied many of the important civic and administrative positions in the land .
for the rest , the sadducees occupied many of the important civic and [managing] positions in the land .

For a short time , Simeon kept the Nazarean administrative hierarchy in Jerusalem .
for a short time , simeon kept the nazarean [managing] hierarchy in jerusalem .

Ultimately , however , Egyptian Christianity 's most lasting effect was less its simple perpetuation of Nazarean thought than its development of an administrative system for housing and transmitting that thought .
ultimately , however , egyptian christianity 's most lasting effect was less its simple perpetuation of nazarean thought than its development of an [managing] system for housing and transmitting that thought .

In effect , the monasteries came to represent a kind of alternative administrative structure , which owed nothing to — and often clashed directly with — Rome .
in effect , the monasteries came to represent a kind of alternative [managing] structure , which owed nothing to — and often clashed directly with — rome .

Although the abbot of a monastery exercised a certain administrative authority over his flock , he was ultimately no ‘ higher ’ spiritually than they .
although the abbot of a monastery exercised a certain [managing] authority over his flock , he was ultimately no ‘ higher ’ spiritually than they .

It was only at this stage , when representatives from different professional and administrative structures began to be consulted , that official worry and concern about the scale of heroin use began to take shape .
it was only at this stage , when representatives from different professional and [managing] structures began to be consulted , that official worry and concern about the scale of heroin use began to take shape .

This is due to the number of distinct administrative hierarchies whose active co-operation is required , and whose officers frankly have other tasks of much greater priority and interest .
this is due to the number of distinct [managing] hierarchies whose active co-operation is required , and whose officers frankly have other tasks of much greater priority and interest .

Provided the competent local officials in the state of destination have adequate administrative guidance , their Justice Ministry may be content , or even happy , to withdraw from active involvement .
provided the competent local officials in the state of destination have adequate [managing] guidance , their justice ministry may be content , or even happy , to withdraw from active involvement .

However , a significant number of countries are wedded to a principle which requires all outgoing requests to emanate directly from a court ; for such countries the superimposition of an administrative agency in the context of a judicial function is impossible .
however , a significant number of countries are wedded to a principle which requires all outgoing requests to emanate directly from a court ; for such countries the superimposition of an [managing] agency in the context of a judicial function is impossible .

The Draft provides for the service of documents required for the purpose of a civil proceeding at the request of a tribunal ( defined to include courts , and administrative agencies engaged in the exercise of judicial or quasi-judicial functions ) of the state of origin .
the draft provides for the service of documents required for the purpose of a civil proceeding at the request of a tribunal ( defined to include courts , and [managing] agencies engaged in the exercise of judicial or quasi-judicial functions ) of the state of origin .

procedural acts ( pleadings , motions , orders and subpoenas ) that are served and requests for information that are made by a judicial or administrative authority of a State Party to a judicial or administrative authority of another State Party and are transmitted by a letter rogatory from the Central Authority of the State of origin to the Central Authority of the State of destination .
procedural acts ( pleadings , motions , orders and subpoenas ) that are served and requests for information that are made by a judicial or [managing] authority of a state party to a judicial or [managing] authority of another state party and are transmitted by a letter rogatory from the central authority of the state of origin to the central authority of the state of destination .

The relevant Article , Article 5 , begins by declaring a new principle , that ‘ the processing of letters rogatory by the Central Authority of the State Party of destination and its judicial or administrative authorities shall be free of change ’ .
the relevant article , article 5 , begins by declaring a new principle , that ‘ the processing of letters rogatory by the central authority of the state party of destination and its judicial or [managing] authorities shall be free of change ’ .

There would be obvious advantages for the parties , and probably a saving in administrative costs , were reciprocal waiver of charges between states to be adopted .
there would be obvious advantages for the parties , and probably a saving in [managing] costs , were reciprocal waiver of charges between states to be adopted .

As Dr. Mann has argued , it does allow the English courts to provide assistance , in practice under the Hague Convention , in certain fiscal and administrative contexts which would be judged by some other countries to fall outside its scope ; Dr. Mann 's unease at this needs to be balanced against the enormous and considered growth , recounted elsewhere in this book , in international co-operation in such fields .
as dr. mann has argued , it does allow the english courts to provide assistance , in practice under the hague convention , in certain fiscal and [managing] contexts which would be judged by some other countries to fall outside its scope ; dr. mann 's unease at this needs to be balanced against the enormous and considered growth , recounted elsewhere in this book , in international co-operation in such fields .

The Commission responsible for preparing the Convention decided not to include courts of arbitration , but there is no clarity on the position of administrative tribunals , many of which closely resemble ordinary courts , whilst others do not .
the commission responsible for preparing the convention decided not to include courts of arbitration , but there is no clarity on the position of [managing] tribunals , many of which closely resemble ordinary courts , whilst others do not .

Administrative rules
[managing] rules

On both sides of the bridge at the corners of the High Street and the Lawnmarket stand the administrative offices of Lothian Regional Council .
on both sides of the bridge at the corners of the high street and the lawnmarket stand the [managing] offices of lothian regional council .

, designed by Thomas Smith Tait , contains the Government administrative offices for Scotland .
, designed by thomas smith tait , contains the government [managing] offices for scotland .

In 1971 , the Texas Gulf Sulphur decision was developed in the administrative case of Re Investors Management .
in 1971 , the texas gulf sulphur decision was developed in the [managing] case of re investors management .

The expanding role of general practitioners , along with the 1990 contract , the establishment of family health services authorities , and the introduction of medical audit have increased accountability , but general practitioners have been demotivated by the imposition of a contract that increased their administrative burden without clear evidence of clinical benefit .
the expanding role of general practitioners , along with the 1990 contract , the establishment of family health services authorities , and the introduction of medical audit have increased accountability , but general practitioners have been demotivated by the imposition of a contract that increased their [managing] burden without clear evidence of clinical benefit .

The model will give general practitioners the enhanced influence , powers , and responsibilities of fundholders without the administrative burden .
the model will give general practitioners the enhanced influence , powers , and responsibilities of fundholders without the [managing] burden .

In addition , as the responsibility for the registration of unemployment benefit is changing from job centres to unemployment benefit offices , pilot studies are being conducted in twenty of the latter to test new administrative procedures for establishing ‘ availability for work ’ .
in addition , as the responsibility for the registration of unemployment benefit is changing from job centres to unemployment benefit offices , pilot studies are being conducted in twenty of the latter to test new [managing] procedures for establishing ‘ availability for work ’ .

Set against the resentment which their greed aroused , the administrative reforms which the younger Despenser together with the Chancellor Robert Baldock and the Treasurer Walter Stapleton implemented between 1322 and 1326 were of little political significance , despite the fact that some of their measures , such as the reduction in the financial independence of the Wardrobe , had formed part of the Ordainers ' programme in 1310 .
set against the resentment which their greed aroused , the [managing] reforms which the younger despenser together with the chancellor robert baldock and the treasurer walter stapleton implemented between 1322 and 1326 were of little political significance , despite the fact that some of their measures , such as the reduction in the financial independence of the wardrobe , had formed part of the ordainers ' programme in 1310 .

He still faced financial and administrative difficulties at home , and English convoys in the Channel were harassed by French privateers .
he still faced financial and [managing] difficulties at home , and english convoys in the channel were harassed by french privateers .

The feudal summons , the summons of the £40 or £20 landowners , and the use of commissions of array thus provided troops for armies led by the king , while the royal household provided the administrative machinery by which wages were paid .
the feudal summons , the summons of the £40 or £20 landowners , and the use of commissions of array thus provided troops for armies led by the king , while the royal household provided the [managing] machinery by which wages were paid .

The grievances of the commons have a familiar air : in 1344 , for instance , they offered a grant of two tenths and fifteenths , and presented a series of petitions in which they complained about purveyance and other administrative abuses .
the grievances of the commons have a familiar air : in 1344 , for instance , they offered a grant of two tenths and fifteenths , and presented a series of petitions in which they complained about purveyance and other [managing] abuses .

Such experience proved invaluable as increased administrative and financial responsibilities were placed on Trustees .
such experience proved invaluable as increased [managing] and financial responsibilities were placed on trustees .

Special arrangements may be made for candidates with disabilities : details are given in the Administrative Arrangements booklet .
special arrangements may be made for candidates with disabilities : details are given in the [managing] arrangements booklet .

Full details of group awards are published in the Administrative Arrangements booklet . The cases where Office Skills subjects feature in those awards are :
full details of group awards are published in the [managing] arrangements booklet . the cases where office skills subjects feature in those awards are :

6.1 Administrative Arrangements
6.1 [managing] arrangements

Special arrangements may be made for candidates with disabilities : details are given in the Administrative Arrangements booklet .
special arrangements may be made for candidates with disabilities : details are given in the [managing] arrangements booklet .

Full details of group awards are published in the Administrative Arrangements booklet . The cases where English for Business/Commerce feature in those awards are :
full details of group awards are published in the [managing] arrangements booklet . the cases where english for business/commerce feature in those awards are :

7.1 Administrative Arrangements
7.1 [managing] arrangements

For example , we have already held a seminar for administrative staff in colleges mounting 1988 pilots ( a short account of this event follows this article ) .
for example , we have already held a seminar for [managing] staff in colleges mounting 1988 pilots ( a short account of this event follows this article ) .

We would be very pleased to discuss any aspect of staff development and in the first instance contact should be made with the Administrative Officer with responsibility for this area of our work .
we would be very pleased to discuss any aspect of staff development and in the first instance contact should be made with the [managing] officer with responsibility for this area of our work .

Although principally intended as a launch for the new operation procedures , the occasion afforded administrative staff an opportunity to hear about the history and purpose of the Advanced Courses Development Programme .
although principally intended as a launch for the new operation procedures , the occasion afforded [managing] staff an opportunity to hear about the history and purpose of the advanced courses development programme .

The new procedures were well received by the delegates who took full advantage of the opportunity to clarify the administrative details relating to the Pilot Courses .
the new procedures were well received by the delegates who took full advantage of the opportunity to clarify the [managing] details relating to the pilot courses .

The new section will be headed by , supported by an Administrative Officer — yet to be appointed — and Clerical Officer , .
the new section will be headed by , supported by an [managing] officer — yet to be appointed — and clerical officer , .

This involved an attempt to accurately define the organisational and administrative needs of business over the next decade and , within this context , to draw up a taxonomy of secretarial skills suitable for this environment .
this involved an attempt to accurately define the organisational and [managing] needs of business over the next decade and , within this context , to draw up a taxonomy of secretarial skills suitable for this environment .

Administrative support posts are becoming increasingly attractive to men and this broader approach to the core subjects opens up the market of applicants to both sexes who wish to work as part of the executive office management team .
[managing] support posts are becoming increasingly attractive to men and this broader approach to the core subjects opens up the market of applicants to both sexes who wish to work as part of the executive office management team .

By accepting that there is a market and career structure for the Administrative Assistant as well as the Shorthand Secretary , it is possible to treat Shorthand as an optional subject rather than as a major core element .
by accepting that there is a market and career structure for the [managing] assistant as well as the shorthand secretary , it is possible to treat shorthand as an optional subject rather than as a major core element .

They will have a great deal of expertise to offer within the administrative support function .
they will have a great deal of expertise to offer within the [managing] support function .

general and administrative information
general and [managing] information

The parallel operation of two systems of short courses/modules raised important issues , both practical ( in terms of centres ' administrative systems ) and educational ( in terms of design of curriculum , articulation and comparability ) .
the parallel operation of two systems of short courses/modules raised important issues , both practical ( in terms of centres ' [managing] systems ) and educational ( in terms of design of curriculum , articulation and comparability ) .

The group consisted of Roy Beavis , two members of staff with experience of assessing others and an administrative assistant .
the group consisted of roy beavis , two members of staff with experience of assessing others and an [managing] assistant .

The definition of a ‘ fleet ’ has been established without any reference to a member of vehicles in order to overcome administrative difficulties for members .
the definition of a ‘ fleet ’ has been established without any reference to a member of vehicles in order to overcome [managing] difficulties for members .

teachers , gardai , nurses , doctors , engineers , administrative workers , and of course , Bank Officials .
teachers , gardai , nurses , doctors , engineers , [managing] workers , and of course , bank officials .

Firstly , there are certain formal administrative powers .
firstly , there are certain formal [managing] powers .

‘ Insurance was another option , with one company offering cover for £1 a head for British guests , £2 for overseas visitors ; but that required completing a detailed insurance form for each individual — an administrative nightmare if high volume is involved . ’
‘ insurance was another option , with one company offering cover for £1 a head for british guests , £2 for overseas visitors ; but that required completing a detailed insurance form for each individual — an [managing] nightmare if high volume is involved . ’

Factoring is useful in that it relieves a company of the administrative burden of collecting book debt although it can be expensive .
factoring is useful in that it relieves a company of the [managing] burden of collecting book debt although it can be expensive .

During the course of the year , a number of administrative changes took place in the School .
during the course of the year , a number of [managing] changes took place in the school .

Most importantly , partners who do not want to know how technology works or to learn how to use computers must be able to call up all the necessary client and administrative information they require .
most importantly , partners who do not want to know how technology works or to learn how to use computers must be able to call up all the necessary client and [managing] information they require .

Moore Stephens Business Technology Group is another company which has spotted the potential and introduced a practice management system to streamline the administrative work in professional practices .
moore stephens business technology group is another company which has spotted the potential and introduced a practice management system to streamline the [managing] work in professional practices .

It believes that all national legislation , administrative provisions , contracts and trust deeds are overridden by article 119 ( so the Government contracting-out provisions and Inland Revenue practice notes could also be affected ) .
it believes that all national legislation , [managing] provisions , contracts and trust deeds are overridden by article 119 ( so the government contracting-out provisions and inland revenue practice notes could also be affected ) .

Half of the secondees struggled with finding out about the nature of the job and how the administrative system worked .
half of the secondees struggled with finding out about the nature of the job and how the [managing] system worked .

The Chief Executive shall provide by the end of May 1993 a monthly profile of expenditure by vote subhead , and within the running cost subhead , a breakdown by salary costs and general administrative expenditure .
the chief executive shall provide by the end of may 1993 a monthly profile of expenditure by vote subhead , and within the running cost subhead , a breakdown by salary costs and general [managing] expenditure .

Within 15 working days of the end of each month the Chief Executive shall provide information on expenditure by vote subhead ( including separate details of salary costs and general administrative expenditure ) , monthly staff usage , an explanation of variances from the profiles , a forecast of financial outturn and the staffing information required by Treasury .
within 15 working days of the end of each month the chief executive shall provide information on expenditure by vote subhead ( including separate details of salary costs and general [managing] expenditure ) , monthly staff usage , an explanation of variances from the profiles , a forecast of financial outturn and the staffing information required by treasury .

Your other main terms and conditions are set out in the Scheme of Salaries and Conditions of Service agreed by the National Joint Council for Local Authorities Administrative , Professional , Technical and Clerical Services ( Scottish Councils ) as adopted and amended by Lothian Regional Council .
your other main terms and conditions are set out in the scheme of salaries and conditions of service agreed by the national joint council for local authorities [managing] , professional , technical and clerical services ( scottish councils ) as adopted and amended by lothian regional council .

Your other main terms and conditions are set out in the Scheme of Salaries and Conditions of Service agreed by the National Joint Council for Local Authorities Administrative , Professional , Technical and Clerical Services ( Scottish Councils ) as adopted and amended by Lothian Regional Council .
your other main terms and conditions are set out in the scheme of salaries and conditions of service agreed by the national joint council for local authorities [managing] , professional , technical and clerical services ( scottish councils ) as adopted and amended by lothian regional council .

If you feel able to respond to this request , the Regional Council will of course be most happy to pay your copying and other administrative charges .
if you feel able to respond to this request , the regional council will of course be most happy to pay your copying and other [managing] charges .

If this is likely , your Divisional/Section Head will arrange for the Administrative Officer ( Personnel ) to send you a self-certificate to cover the first seven days of your absence .
if this is likely , your divisional/section head will arrange for the [managing] officer ( personnel ) to send you a self-certificate to cover the first seven days of your absence .

The forms are available from your Divisional or Section Head who is responsible for ensuring that completed forms are returned to the Administrative Officer ( Personnel ) .
the forms are available from your divisional or section head who is responsible for ensuring that completed forms are returned to the [managing] officer ( personnel ) .

The first doctor 's statement must be submitted on the eighth day along with the self-certificate to the Administrative Officer ( Personnel ) .
the first doctor 's statement must be submitted on the eighth day along with the self-certificate to the [managing] officer ( personnel ) .

Given the philosophy set out in the previous section it is essential that the Senior Administrative Assistant have able and experienced Principal Officers who they can turn to and that such Principal Officers should not be overstretched by dealing with individual cases but are available to direct and manage operations .
given the philosophy set out in the previous section it is essential that the senior [managing] assistant have able and experienced principal officers who they can turn to and that such principal officers should not be overstretched by dealing with individual cases but are available to direct and manage operations .

In order to deal effectively at the front line of enquiries it is essential that these are dealt with by experienced and capable staff at the Administrative Assistant level .
in order to deal effectively at the front line of enquiries it is essential that these are dealt with by experienced and capable staff at the [managing] assistant level .

Therefore there has been a proportionate increase in the number of Administrative Assistants with a comparable reduction in the Clericals who would be carrying out more routine clerical duties under the Administrative Assistant 's direction .
therefore there has been a proportionate increase in the number of [managing] assistants with a comparable reduction in the clericals who would be carrying out more routine clerical duties under the [managing] assistant 's direction .

The number of Council Tax administrative staff below Senior Assistant level have been arrived at in total by examining the Community Charge case load per member of staff , projecting this on the basis of estimated case load for Council Tax and increasing this by 20% in order to deal with the personal elements of Council Tax , which were previously dealt with by the Community Charge Registration Officer .
the number of council tax [managing] staff below senior assistant level have been arrived at in total by examining the community charge case load per member of staff , projecting this on the basis of estimated case load for council tax and increasing this by 20% in order to deal with the personal elements of council tax , which were previously dealt with by the community charge registration officer .

The Council Tax administration numbers have also been increased by a further 10% to deal with those administrative matters currently dealt with within the Community Charge Control Section , as the items should really be dealt with within the teams to provide a comprehensive service to taxpayers .
the council tax administration numbers have also been increased by a further 10% to deal with those [managing] matters currently dealt with within the community charge control section , as the items should really be dealt with within the teams to provide a comprehensive service to taxpayers .

The Cash Collection/Enquiry Service follows the same philosophy of experienced and capable staff dealing with enquiries at the counter and so there has been an increase in the Administrative Assistants required for this service with a compensating reduction in clerical staff .
the cash collection/enquiry service follows the same philosophy of experienced and capable staff dealing with enquiries at the counter and so there has been an increase in the [managing] assistants required for this service with a compensating reduction in clerical staff .

The Department of Constitutional and Administrative Law provides teaching and supervision in all the principal fields of public law , including constitutional law and government , administrative law , human rights and civil liberties , welfare law , housing law and health law , environmental law , media law , police studies , and the legislative process .
the department of constitutional and [managing] law provides teaching and supervision in all the principal fields of public law , including constitutional law and government , [managing] law , human rights and civil liberties , welfare law , housing law and health law , environmental law , media law , police studies , and the legislative process .

The group in fact discussed the questions of polytechnic internal government and other questions covered in Crosland 's Parliamentary statement on the polytechnics and the administrative memorandum of April 1967 .
the group in fact discussed the questions of polytechnic internal government and other questions covered in crosland 's parliamentary statement on the polytechnics and the [managing] memorandum of april 1967 .

Both by comparison and in absolute terms , there is serious underprovision of necessary administrative , and clerical help .
both by comparison and in absolute terms , there is serious underprovision of necessary [managing] , and clerical help .

Hence the Council expects a significant proportion of staff involved in teaching of courses leading to its awards to be engaged in research ; moreover , colleges are expected to provide a high standard of specialized accommodation , library provision , academic , technical and administrative staff and good working conditions generally .
hence the council expects a significant proportion of staff involved in teaching of courses leading to its awards to be engaged in research ; moreover , colleges are expected to provide a high standard of specialized accommodation , library provision , academic , technical and [managing] staff and good working conditions generally .

The Sports Centre houses the administrative offices of the Physical Education department and includes a sports hall , a small hall , conditioning suites , 10 squash courts , a table tennis studio , a combat salle , a rifle and an archery range among its facilities .
the sports centre houses the [managing] offices of the physical education department and includes a sports hall , a small hall , conditioning suites , 10 squash courts , a table tennis studio , a combat salle , a rifle and an archery range among its facilities .

Archaeology is increasingly a multi-disciplinary subject , which is hard to place into the administrative structures of universities .
archaeology is increasingly a multi-disciplinary subject , which is hard to place into the [managing] structures of universities .

Some former students have taken up administrative posts in various public and private enterprises and in the civil service and local government .
some former students have taken up [managing] posts in various public and private enterprises and in the civil service and local government .

But there was a lot of boring administrative carry-on to be dealt with .
but there was a lot of boring [managing] carry-on to be dealt with .

The emergence of specialized administrative organizations as part of the apparatus of government in the modern nation-state has been accompanied by the development of democratic ideology which stresses the importance of separating legislative , executive and judicial functions to prevent the concentration of power and therefore its abuse .
the emergence of specialized [managing] organizations as part of the apparatus of government in the modern nation-state has been accompanied by the development of democratic ideology which stresses the importance of separating legislative , executive and judicial functions to prevent the concentration of power and therefore its abuse .

This is a fragmenting process , as different interests from alliances with different parts of the administrative apparatus .
this is a fragmenting process , as different interests from alliances with different parts of the [managing] apparatus .

This process is most evident in the United States , where public administrative agencies have been found to resemble pressure groups in the way they attempt to influence public opinion and legislative action .
this process is most evident in the united states , where public [managing] agencies have been found to resemble pressure groups in the way they attempt to influence public opinion and legislative action .

Congressional committees work closely with administrative officials .
congressional committees work closely with [managing] officials .

Administrative agencies also seek to mobilize the support of their employees , client groups and other influentials .
[managing] agencies also seek to mobilize the support of their employees , client groups and other influentials .

State administrative agencies thus feed off the results of interest-group pressure , and interest groups find in the administration multiple points of access through which they can influence the formulation of government policy .
state [managing] agencies thus feed off the results of interest-group pressure , and interest groups find in the administration multiple points of access through which they can influence the formulation of government policy .

Weber was aware that the development of capitalism not only necessitated the bureaucratization of organizations , particularly those which formed the administrative apparatus of the state .
weber was aware that the development of capitalism not only necessitated the bureaucratization of organizations , particularly those which formed the [managing] apparatus of the state .

One consequence of the bureaucratization of administrative organization has been the growth in the influence of the expert , trained official .
one consequence of the bureaucratization of [managing] organization has been the growth in the influence of the expert , trained official .

The range of professions utilized by the administrative agencies of the modern state not only encompasses all the traditional professional and scientific disciplines .
the range of professions utilized by the [managing] agencies of the modern state not only encompasses all the traditional professional and scientific disciplines .

The more the institutions of representative government demand technical efficiency from administrative organizations , the more those organizations have found it necessary to employ specialists and the more difficult it has been for the judgements of the career officials to be resisted .
the more the institutions of representative government demand technical efficiency from [managing] organizations , the more those organizations have found it necessary to employ specialists and the more difficult it has been for the judgements of the career officials to be resisted .

There is the need to shield from public view the transactions between administrative agencies and private business lest commercial interests become threatened by ‘ unfair ’ competition .
there is the need to shield from public view the transactions between [managing] agencies and private business lest commercial interests become threatened by ‘ unfair ’ competition .

Large areas of administrative action avoid the discipline of public justification .
large areas of [managing] action avoid the discipline of public justification .

So the myths of ministerial accountability , bureaucratic neutrality and administrative anonymity have been preserved even though Parliament has proved incapable of controlling an administrative apparatus whose discretion and influence on public policy has been growing steadily :
so the myths of ministerial accountability , bureaucratic neutrality and [managing] anonymity have been preserved even though parliament has proved incapable of controlling an [managing] apparatus whose discretion and influence on public policy has been growing steadily :

the extent to which bureaucracies can indulge in co-optation will obviously vary from country to country , but the reciprocal relationship that develops between administrative agencies and client groups to the mutual benefit of each is very widespread .
the extent to which bureaucracies can indulge in co-optation will obviously vary from country to country , but the reciprocal relationship that develops between [managing] agencies and client groups to the mutual benefit of each is very widespread .

But informal co-optation is a mechanism that few bureaucracies seem able to dispense with , though who benefits most , client group or administrative agency , will depend on the political system in which such relationships are found .
but informal co-optation is a mechanism that few bureaucracies seem able to dispense with , though who benefits most , client group or [managing] agency , will depend on the political system in which such relationships are found .

Public servants are , of course , concerned with technical feasibility and administrative practicality .
public servants are , of course , concerned with technical feasibility and [managing] practicality .

The surprising thing about this debate is its relative neglect of the administrative dimension of corporatism ( Etzioni-Halevy 1983 , pp .
the surprising thing about this debate is its relative neglect of the [managing] dimension of corporatism ( etzioni-halevy 1983 , pp .

63–73 ) , especially since the relationships between state and economy which compel a corporatist interpretation of modern capitalism manifest themselves through institutions which are grafted on to the administrative system .
63–73 ) , especially since the relationships between state and economy which compel a corporatist interpretation of modern capitalism manifest themselves through institutions which are grafted on to the [managing] system .

Rather , this chapter asks what the implications are for the administrative system , should a state develop corporatist tendencies .
rather , this chapter asks what the implications are for the [managing] system , should a state develop corporatist tendencies .

This seems appropriate since , with the exception of fascist states and some contemporary authoritarian regimes , corporatism has developed to widely differing degrees , varies in intensity over time and is contained within vastly different state structures and administrative traditions .
this seems appropriate since , with the exception of fascist states and some contemporary authoritarian regimes , corporatism has developed to widely differing degrees , varies in intensity over time and is contained within vastly different state structures and [managing] traditions .

There have been very few direct attempts to assess the significance of corporatism for the administrative branch of the state .
there have been very few direct attempts to assess the significance of corporatism for the [managing] branch of the state .

It does not need a massive administrative apparatus for this , but can work through negotiations between a few key individuals in the state and business sectors .
it does not need a massive [managing] apparatus for this , but can work through negotiations between a few key individuals in the state and business sectors .

Administrative tasks would lose their exploitative character and consist of the administration of things , not the repression of people .
[managing] tasks would lose their exploitative character and consist of the administration of things , not the repression of people .

Bureaucracies need to have a near monopoly of political and administrative information .
bureaucracies need to have a near monopoly of political and [managing] information .

The administrative consequences of the need to insulate the executive from the influence of elected bodies , popular influence and working-class opposition have been identified as centralization and corporatism , especially in the use of quasi-governmental agencies ( Jessop 1978 , Gough 1979 , Therborn 1978 ; Panitch 1979 ; Mandel 1975 ) .
the [managing] consequences of the need to insulate the executive from the influence of elected bodies , popular influence and working-class opposition have been identified as centralization and corporatism , especially in the use of quasi-governmental agencies ( jessop 1978 , gough 1979 , therborn 1978 ; panitch 1979 ; mandel 1975 ) .

First , the administrative process becomes more politicized and less competent .
first , the [managing] process becomes more politicized and less competent .

The bureaucracy during this epoch was in transition from the hereditary administrative offices of the medieval political hierarchy to the rational legal administration of capitalism .
the bureaucracy during this epoch was in transition from the hereditary [managing] offices of the medieval political hierarchy to the rational legal administration of capitalism .

Administrative accountability and political control in liberal democracies is but one example of the liberal state 's efforts , under competitive capitalism , to bring executive power under the control of parliamentary institutions .
[managing] accountability and political control in liberal democracies is but one example of the liberal state 's efforts , under competitive capitalism , to bring executive power under the control of parliamentary institutions .

In the middle levels of the administrative hierarchy there was strong commitment to Nazism , and many Nazi leaders were recruited from this stratum .
in the middle levels of the [managing] hierarchy there was strong commitment to nazism , and many nazi leaders were recruited from this stratum .

The simple organizational structure of the army and the short careers of its officer corps meant that no one had anything more than the most rudimentary administrative skills .
the simple organizational structure of the army and the short careers of its officer corps meant that no one had anything more than the most rudimentary [managing] skills .

Marx 's interpretation of the Paris Commune was , as Lichtheim noted , to become a Leninist shibboleth ( Lichtheim 1964 , p. 119 ) .2 Indeed , Lenin did more than Marx to contrast the administrative principles of the Commune with the bureaucratic workings of the bourgeois state .
marx 's interpretation of the paris commune was , as lichtheim noted , to become a leninist shibboleth ( lichtheim 1964 , p. 119 ) .2 indeed , lenin did more than marx to contrast the [managing] principles of the commune with the bureaucratic workings of the bourgeois state .

This would be possible , Lenin believed , because the majority of state administrative functions had become so simplified that they could be ‘ reduced ’ to such simple operations as registering , filing and checking — mere routine .
this would be possible , lenin believed , because the majority of state [managing] functions had become so simplified that they could be ‘ reduced ’ to such simple operations as registering , filing and checking — mere routine .

Anyone performing administrative functions would be paid a working man 's wage .
anyone performing [managing] functions would be paid a working man 's wage .

When the functions of the state had been reduced to routine accounting and control by the workers themselves , public functions would lose their political character ‘ and be transformed into simple administrative functions ’ ( p. 84 ) .
when the functions of the state had been reduced to routine accounting and control by the workers themselves , public functions would lose their political character ‘ and be transformed into simple [managing] functions ’ ( p. 84 ) .

Lenin distinguished between administrative control and accounting on the one hand , and ‘ the scientifically trained staff of engineers , agronomists and so on ’ on the other .
lenin distinguished between [managing] control and accounting on the one hand , and ‘ the scientifically trained staff of engineers , agronomists and so on ’ on the other .

Because of this , a strong administrative apparatus was needed to plan the use of scarce resources , organize production and regulate distribution .
because of this , a strong [managing] apparatus was needed to plan the use of scarce resources , organize production and regulate distribution .

‘ Bureaucratism ’ , in the sense of hierarchical command structures alienating both those who work within administrative structures and those who are in one way or another dependent on them , is regarded as anathema to communist social equality .
‘ bureaucratism ’ , in the sense of hierarchical command structures alienating both those who work within [managing] structures and those who are in one way or another dependent on them , is regarded as anathema to communist social equality .

While not objecting to centralized planning , proletarian dictatorship or the primacy of the Bolshevik Party , Trotsky strongly opposed the supplanting of the political by the bureaucratic-administrative , a process in which functionaries seek to solve all problems by purely administrative means ( Krygier 1978 ) .
while not objecting to centralized planning , proletarian dictatorship or the primacy of the bolshevik party , trotsky strongly opposed the supplanting of the political by the bureaucratic-administrative , a process in which functionaries seek to solve all problems by purely [managing] means ( krygier 1978 ) .

‘ Lack of democratic institutions , secrecy that envelops decision-making in administrative boards , dependence of judicial organs on party directives , all increase the influence of functionaries and officials at all levels of public life ’ ( Hirszowicz 1976 , p. 265 ) .
‘ lack of democratic institutions , secrecy that envelops decision-making in [managing] boards , dependence of judicial organs on party directives , all increase the influence of functionaries and officials at all levels of public life ’ ( hirszowicz 1976 , p. 265 ) .

However , there have been significant developments to strengthen the accountability of administrative agencies to society 's representatives , some more revolutionary than others .
however , there have been significant developments to strengthen the accountability of [managing] agencies to society 's representatives , some more revolutionary than others .

Evaluations of policies are conducted through research and expert analysis supported by the Presidium 's administrative staff .
evaluations of policies are conducted through research and expert analysis supported by the presidium 's [managing] staff .

One way of establishing democratic accountability of administrative institutions is through workers control or self-management in factory , office and other socialized entitles .
one way of establishing democratic accountability of [managing] institutions is through workers control or self-management in factory , office and other socialized entitles .

In the Soviet Union each major sector of society and economy is matched by an administrative unit within the party — for culture , science , heavy and light industry , transport , communications , agriculture , education , the armed forces and administrative agencies .
in the soviet union each major sector of society and economy is matched by an [managing] unit within the party — for culture , science , heavy and light industry , transport , communications , agriculture , education , the armed forces and [managing] agencies .

Major policy decisions are often transmitted through the party 's chain of command before the regular departmental hierarchy is used for administrative communication .
major policy decisions are often transmitted through the party 's chain of command before the regular departmental hierarchy is used for [managing] communication .

In the Soviet Union it is difficult to disentangle political from administrative controls .
in the soviet union it is difficult to disentangle political from [managing] controls .

Appointments to administrative posts in government departments , public enterprises and other state bureaus are controlled by the appropriate party committee .
appointments to [managing] posts in government departments , public enterprises and other state bureaus are controlled by the appropriate party committee .

The system of party control has been described as making ‘ the hierarchy of official state legislative organs … only the executive , administrative apparatus for carrying out the decisions and instructions of a parallel hierarchy of formal executive party organs ’ ( Avtorkhanov 1966 , p. 372 ) .
the system of party control has been described as making ‘ the hierarchy of official state legislative organs … only the executive , [managing] apparatus for carrying out the decisions and instructions of a parallel hierarchy of formal executive party organs ’ ( avtorkhanov 1966 , p. 372 ) .

Soviet society is inevitably becoming more technocratic and under the control of an administrative stratum which many outsiders believe to have taken on the characteristics of a new ruling class ( Hill , Dunmore and Dawisha 1981 , pp .
soviet society is inevitably becoming more technocratic and under the control of an [managing] stratum which many outsiders believe to have taken on the characteristics of a new ruling class ( hill , dunmore and dawisha 1981 , pp .

The administrative apparatus of the state has a special political significance when all social and economic relations are socialized and are planned and managed under central political direction through administrative institutions .
the [managing] apparatus of the state has a special political significance when all social and economic relations are socialized and are planned and managed under central political direction through [managing] institutions .

In so far as socialism means the collective ownership and management of the economy and social relations , it requires an extensive administrative apparatus .
in so far as socialism means the collective ownership and management of the economy and social relations , it requires an extensive [managing] apparatus .

But what is significant about this apparatus is not the range of administrative functions to be performed but , as Lenin repeatedly stressed , who performs them and how they are controlled .
but what is significant about this apparatus is not the range of [managing] functions to be performed but , as lenin repeatedly stressed , who performs them and how they are controlled .

Monopoly of assessing administrative and economic performance , which creates a temptation to cover up all sorts of organizational divisions , contrary to the uniformity and unity of the system which were regarded as important advantages of the centralized hierarchical administration ( Hirswowicz 1976 , p. 268 ) .
monopoly of assessing [managing] and economic performance , which creates a temptation to cover up all sorts of organizational divisions , contrary to the uniformity and unity of the system which were regarded as important advantages of the centralized hierarchical administration ( hirswowicz 1976 , p. 268 ) .

The overlapping and duplication of administrative functions , designed to provide for political supervision , is a further deviation from the Weberian norm ( Fainsod 1958 ) .
the overlapping and duplication of [managing] functions , designed to provide for political supervision , is a further deviation from the weberian norm ( fainsod 1958 ) .

Administrative control of property places a minority stratum , the bureaucracy , in a position of political dominance ( Giddens 1981 , p. 238 ) .
[managing] control of property places a minority stratum , the bureaucracy , in a position of political dominance ( giddens 1981 , p. 238 ) .

This is the position that Djilas eventually arrives at , arguing that because ‘ property ’ meant the use , enjoyment and disposition of material goods , and the communist political bureaucracy uses , enjoys and disposes of collectivized property through the organizational medium of state administrative institutions , it obtains its power and privileges from the collective ownership of state property and therefore constitutes a new class ( Djilas 1957 ) .
this is the position that djilas eventually arrives at , arguing that because ‘ property ’ meant the use , enjoyment and disposition of material goods , and the communist political bureaucracy uses , enjoys and disposes of collectivized property through the organizational medium of state [managing] institutions , it obtains its power and privileges from the collective ownership of state property and therefore constitutes a new class ( djilas 1957 ) .

It is recruited , supplemented and renewed in the manner of an administrative hierarchy , independently of any special property relations of its own .
it is recruited , supplemented and renewed in the manner of an [managing] hierarchy , independently of any special property relations of its own .

Its administrative monopoly gave it special privileges and preferential economic treatment .
its [managing] monopoly gave it special privileges and preferential economic treatment .

When Djilas eventually decided that a new class had emerged in communist society he did not include all administrative officials but rather the ‘ party or political bureaucracy ’ , by which he appeared to mean state functionaries who were also party members .
when djilas eventually decided that a new class had emerged in communist society he did not include all [managing] officials but rather the ‘ party or political bureaucracy ’ , by which he appeared to mean state functionaries who were also party members .

Administrative power is not only a means to a comfortable lifestyle measured by easier access to homes , cars , holidays and schools than the ordinary citizen .
[managing] power is not only a means to a comfortable lifestyle measured by easier access to homes , cars , holidays and schools than the ordinary citizen .

It also means that officialdom can participate in the ‘ privatization ’ of the national economy , including not only embezzlement and bribery but also exchanging services , making useful connections and lavishly granting administrative favours to potential allies and sponsors in expectation of reciprocity ’ ( Hirszowicz 1980 , p. 271 ) .
it also means that officialdom can participate in the ‘ privatization ’ of the national economy , including not only embezzlement and bribery but also exchanging services , making useful connections and lavishly granting [managing] favours to potential allies and sponsors in expectation of reciprocity ’ ( hirszowicz 1980 , p. 271 ) .

Furthermore , party membership is a valuable asset in competitions for administrative , managerial and technical posts .
furthermore , party membership is a valuable asset in competitions for [managing] , managerial and technical posts .

No doubt Lenin was mistaken in assuming that administrative functions ( control and accounting ) were so simple and routine that they could be accomplished without special professional training and experience .
no doubt lenin was mistaken in assuming that [managing] functions ( control and accounting ) were so simple and routine that they could be accomplished without special professional training and experience .

The subject has , inevitably , been approached from different theoretical perspectives , some of which have been more concerned to improve administrative performance and technical assistance than understand bureaucratic power ( as if the two can be separated ) .
the subject has , inevitably , been approached from different theoretical perspectives , some of which have been more concerned to improve [managing] performance and technical assistance than understand bureaucratic power ( as if the two can be separated ) .

In most theories of development a major source of bureaucratic power is thought to be the legacy of colonialism under which administrative institutions proliferated while other political structures remained underdeveloped ( Riggs 1963 ) .
in most theories of development a major source of bureaucratic power is thought to be the legacy of colonialism under which [managing] institutions proliferated while other political structures remained underdeveloped ( riggs 1963 ) .

The power of central executives is made synonymous with the bureaucracy , which exaggerates administrative power at the expense of other political forces which might equally subdue legislatures and judiciaries , such as monolithic political parties .
the power of central executives is made synonymous with the bureaucracy , which exaggerates [managing] power at the expense of other political forces which might equally subdue legislatures and judiciaries , such as monolithic political parties .

Colonial government is presented as a largely apolitical , administrative business , unrelated to any economic and social changes which might be taking place as a consequence of colonial domination and exploitation ( Eisenstadt 1963 ) .
colonial government is presented as a largely apolitical , [managing] business , unrelated to any economic and social changes which might be taking place as a consequence of colonial domination and exploitation ( eisenstadt 1963 ) .

Concepts of developments employed in the analysis of colonial regimes emphasize the creation of bureaucratic structures for the performance of law-and-order functions and the introduction of rationalized administrative institutions .
concepts of developments employed in the analysis of colonial regimes emphasize the creation of bureaucratic structures for the performance of law-and-order functions and the introduction of rationalized [managing] institutions .

Considerable discretion was delegated to field officers who constituted the core of the imperial administrative structure .
considerable discretion was delegated to field officers who constituted the core of the imperial [managing] structure .

The state consequently relied heavily upon instruments of repression and pragmatic administrative management .
the state consequently relied heavily upon instruments of repression and pragmatic [managing] management .

However , factors of production are increasingly commoditized through such administrative intervention .
however , factors of production are increasingly commoditized through such [managing] intervention .

The statement that ‘ the parties that contended in turn for domination regarded the possession of this huge state edifice as the principal spoils of the victor ’ is nowhere more true than in the immediate pre- and post-colonial competition among indigenous interests for the administrative positions hitherto reserved for the imperialists .
the statement that ‘ the parties that contended in turn for domination regarded the possession of this huge state edifice as the principal spoils of the victor ’ is nowhere more true than in the immediate pre- and post-colonial competition among indigenous interests for the [managing] positions hitherto reserved for the imperialists .

In the post-colonial state this phenomenon is usually referred to as ‘ national integration ’ or the development of an administrative ‘ capability ’ ( a prerequisite of integration ) .
in the post-colonial state this phenomenon is usually referred to as ‘ national integration ’ or the development of an [managing] ‘ capability ’ ( a prerequisite of integration ) .

Under conditions of underdevelopment the political elite seeks wealth through the direction of public resources by administrative action .
under conditions of underdevelopment the political elite seeks wealth through the direction of public resources by [managing] action .

This attempt to elaborate a concept of technology in the administrative setting has some potential for the public sector ( see Pitt and Smith 1981 ) .
this attempt to elaborate a concept of technology in the [managing] setting has some potential for the public sector ( see pitt and smith 1981 ) .

The followers or ‘ administrative staff are selected not on the basis of status or qualification , but according to personal devotion .
the followers or ‘ [managing] staff are selected not on the basis of status or qualification , but according to personal devotion .

Administrative staff are never exclusively bureaucratic , but usually include notables and agents of interest groups .
[managing] staff are never exclusively bureaucratic , but usually include notables and agents of interest groups .

The legislator has little incentive to improve the quality of information used to check on the claims made by bureaucrats about social needs , administrative costs , procurement levels and activity rates , especially when to do so is costly to the politicians .
the legislator has little incentive to improve the quality of information used to check on the claims made by bureaucrats about social needs , [managing] costs , procurement levels and activity rates , especially when to do so is costly to the politicians .

Kogan attempted to test the Niskanen thesis in the context of British government policy in the late 1970s to cut educational expenditure , and concluded that the administrative culture of the civil service militated against the inflation of costs .
kogan attempted to test the niskanen thesis in the context of british government policy in the late 1970s to cut educational expenditure , and concluded that the [managing] culture of the civil service militated against the inflation of costs .

Wade goes further and questions , on the basis of American administrative history , the claim that bureaucratic growth has come from the expansion of established agencies .
wade goes further and questions , on the basis of american [managing] history , the claim that bureaucratic growth has come from the expansion of established agencies .

The multiplication of agencies as a means to greater bureaucratic efficiency may be objected to on the grounds that one of the major obstacles to the successful implementation of government programmes has been found to be the existence of numerous competing administrative bodies which so many programmes seem to involve because of overlapping policy fields and jurisdictions ( Gunn 1978 ) .
the multiplication of agencies as a means to greater bureaucratic efficiency may be objected to on the grounds that one of the major obstacles to the successful implementation of government programmes has been found to be the existence of numerous competing [managing] bodies which so many programmes seem to involve because of overlapping policy fields and jurisdictions ( gunn 1978 ) .

Such competition would be designed to reduce administrative costs and increase politicians ' information until a bureau 's budget became optimal for the politicians .
such competition would be designed to reduce [managing] costs and increase politicians ' information until a bureau 's budget became optimal for the politicians .

His underlying hypothesis is that ‘ in the vast majority of countries where forced divestment is used selectively its being chosen vis-a-vis alternate regulatory or administrative policies is , inter alia , a function of firm and industry-specific characteristics ’ ( Kobrin , 1980 , p.69 ) .
his underlying hypothesis is that ‘ in the vast majority of countries where forced divestment is used selectively its being chosen vis-a-vis alternate regulatory or [managing] policies is , inter alia , a function of firm and industry-specific characteristics ’ ( kobrin , 1980 , p.69 ) .

In the agora was also to be found the administrative council house — the bouleuterion or senate house — of which interesting remains survive especially at Priene , Termessos and Miletos .
in the agora was also to be found the [managing] council house — the bouleuterion or senate house — of which interesting remains survive especially at priene , termessos and miletos .

She also found that a lot of her time which could have been used to produce more goods was being taken up selling goods , collecting debts and generally doing administrative work .
she also found that a lot of her time which could have been used to produce more goods was being taken up selling goods , collecting debts and generally doing [managing] work .

Selling and administrative expenses for each year were £10,000 .
selling and [managing] expenses for each year were £10,000 .

Next morning Wycliffe spent three hours at headquarters dealing with administrative routine : departmental reports , inter-departmental memoranda , overtime schedules , and duty rosters .
next morning wycliffe spent three hours at headquarters dealing with [managing] routine : departmental reports , inter-departmental memoranda , overtime schedules , and duty rosters .

While the debate surrounding this reform has been extensive , there is reason to argue that ‘ Most of the debate has been about controlling local authority expenditure , about voters , about redistribution among households and about administrative issues ’ ( Muellbauer 1987 , p. 7 ) .
while the debate surrounding this reform has been extensive , there is reason to argue that ‘ most of the debate has been about controlling local authority expenditure , about voters , about redistribution among households and about [managing] issues ’ ( muellbauer 1987 , p. 7 ) .

Administrative costs
[managing] costs

It should be clear , however , that the more that the tax is tailored to the characteristics of the taxpayers , the greater the administrative costs will be .
it should be clear , however , that the more that the tax is tailored to the characteristics of the taxpayers , the greater the [managing] costs will be .

It is possible that , while we lose the administrative costs incurred by property valuation , we could easily replace them with the valuations of the poll tax for many different households .
it is possible that , while we lose the [managing] costs incurred by property valuation , we could easily replace them with the valuations of the poll tax for many different households .

Helm and Smith ( 1987 ) , for example , introduce an administrative rationale for local government .
helm and smith ( 1987 ) , for example , introduce an [managing] rationale for local government .

One of the administrative advantages is that central government can ameliorate the monopoly of information which may be possessed by such agents .
one of the [managing] advantages is that central government can ameliorate the monopoly of information which may be possessed by such agents .

Administrative considerations , which look for the best assignment of tasks within a hierarchical structure , can in this way augment other considerations outlined above .
[managing] considerations , which look for the best assignment of tasks within a hierarchical structure , can in this way augment other considerations outlined above .

Personal expenditure tax was tried in Sri Lanka but was abandoned mainly because of administrative difficulties .
personal expenditure tax was tried in sri lanka but was abandoned mainly because of [managing] difficulties .

Whether , in operation , such a tax would have lower administrative costs than a personal income tax depends on the details of the tax .
whether , in operation , such a tax would have lower [managing] costs than a personal income tax depends on the details of the tax .

( Included under this heading are the administrative , collection and psychic compliance costs of taxation . )
( included under this heading are the [managing] , collection and psychic compliance costs of taxation . )

Administrative control refers to the data that are gained by the presence of a wealth tax , enabling the cross-checking of statistics and facilitating good tax administration and reduced evasion .
[managing] control refers to the data that are gained by the presence of a wealth tax , enabling the cross-checking of statistics and facilitating good tax administration and reduced evasion .

The administrative arrangement and supervision required for such teamwork was exactly the sort of skill in which Lewis excelled , and the hours passed quickly with the progressive gleaning of intelligence , the gradual build up of hard fact to bolster tentative theory — and always that almost insolent gratification that shone in Morse 's eyes , for the latter appeared to have known ( or so it seemed to Lewis ) most of the details before the calls and corroboration had been made .
the [managing] arrangement and supervision required for such teamwork was exactly the sort of skill in which lewis excelled , and the hours passed quickly with the progressive gleaning of intelligence , the gradual build up of hard fact to bolster tentative theory — and always that almost insolent gratification that shone in morse 's eyes , for the latter appeared to have known ( or so it seemed to lewis ) most of the details before the calls and corroboration had been made .

Automatic enforcement of administrative , modification and quality control approval procedures .
automatic enforcement of [managing] , modification and quality control approval procedures .

Administrative support for quality assurance activities .
[managing] support for quality assurance activities .

Ensure that software is safely stored , and that all software and related administrative information is copied to a hard-copy medium ( e.g. paper or microfiche ) before it is deleted .
ensure that software is safely stored , and that all software and related [managing] information is copied to a hard-copy medium ( e.g. paper or microfiche ) before it is deleted .

Automatically updates the administrative information which registers approval .
automatically updates the [managing] information which registers approval .

However , software control is primarily an administrative problem in which the exact identity of a module and its relationships to other modules are more important than its content .
however , software control is primarily an [managing] problem in which the exact identity of a module and its relationships to other modules are more important than its content .

Of course , once an effective administrative mechanism is established , the next consideration is how it can be used to simplify the overall administrative task and make visible what is going on .
of course , once an effective [managing] mechanism is established , the next consideration is how it can be used to simplify the overall [managing] task and make visible what is going on .

Automatic enforcement of administrative , modification and quality control approval procedures .
automatic enforcement of [managing] , modification and quality control approval procedures .

Administrative support for quality assurance activities .
[managing] support for quality assurance activities .

Until 1858 , when the state set up a new administrative body at Somerset House , the responsibility for proving wills lay with the church .
until 1858 , when the state set up a new [managing] body at somerset house , the responsibility for proving wills lay with the church .

The manor did not disappear when the Middle Ages drew to a close , nor when the Tudors made the parish the administrative unit that was responsible for maintaining the poor and the highways and for petty law and order .
the manor did not disappear when the middle ages drew to a close , nor when the tudors made the parish the [managing] unit that was responsible for maintaining the poor and the highways and for petty law and order .

His purpose in writing was to recount the human stories of all his fellow parishioners and their ancestors and to set them against the physical environment and administrative framework of the place where they lived .
his purpose in writing was to recount the human stories of all his fellow parishioners and their ancestors and to set them against the physical environment and [managing] framework of the place where they lived .

The local historian 's problems in tracing the descent of family properties in districts with a high rate of turnover are made even more difficult by the complicated administrative structure and settlement patterns .
the local historian 's problems in tracing the descent of family properties in districts with a high rate of turnover are made even more difficult by the complicated [managing] structure and settlement patterns .

It was the commercial as well as the administrative capital of England and the nation 's greatest port by far .
it was the commercial as well as the [managing] capital of england and the nation 's greatest port by far .

Registration districts usually cover very different areas from the administrative units that the local historian is more familiar with .
registration districts usually cover very different areas from the [managing] units that the local historian is more familiar with .

He will also have to learn something about the administrative structure of his chosen place and how it has changed over time .
he will also have to learn something about the [managing] structure of his chosen place and how it has changed over time .

Characteristically , they ranged in size from about 1,000 to 4,000 people in the early years of Victoria 's reign , but the ones that were administrative , legal or ecclesiastical centres as well as market towns were sometimes larger than that .
characteristically , they ranged in size from about 1,000 to 4,000 people in the early years of victoria 's reign , but the ones that were [managing] , legal or ecclesiastical centres as well as market towns were sometimes larger than that .

Stoddard have also introduced a policy of using recycled paper whenever possible for their administrative and stationery requirements .
stoddard have also introduced a policy of using recycled paper whenever possible for their [managing] and stationery requirements .

It is larger than the present office and will provide improved showroom and administrative facilities .
it is larger than the present office and will provide improved showroom and [managing] facilities .

18 women have been put in administrative detention for 6 months without trial a measure that has not been used against women since 1979 .
18 women have been put in [managing] detention for 6 months without trial a measure that has not been used against women since 1979 .

Administrative systems have also been subject to an extensive review .
[managing] systems have also been subject to an extensive review .

On April 18 , 1989 , Mugabe announced a combination of investment incentives and the easing of administrative controls which investors had said were stifling economic growth .
on april 18 , 1989 , mugabe announced a combination of investment incentives and the easing of [managing] controls which investors had said were stifling economic growth .

Capital : Mbabane ( administrative ) ; Lobamba to become legislative capital .
capital : mbabane ( [managing] ) ; lobamba to become legislative capital .

Capital : Pretoria ( administrative ) , Cape Town ( legislative ) , Bloemfontein ( judicial ) .
capital : pretoria ( [managing] ) , cape town ( legislative ) , bloemfontein ( judicial ) .

The dominant role of personal patronage in Indonesian public life sharpened the interest of the political and administrative elite in the outcome of any leadership struggle .
the dominant role of personal patronage in indonesian public life sharpened the interest of the political and [managing] elite in the outcome of any leadership struggle .

Spain is divided into 17 autonomous regions , each with its own elected legislative assembly , a Governing Council with executive and administrative functions , and a regional President of the Government ( Prime Minister ) elected by the assembly from its members .
spain is divided into 17 autonomous regions , each with its own elected legislative assembly , a governing council with executive and [managing] functions , and a regional president of the government ( prime minister ) elected by the assembly from its members .

North Korean State Administrative Council
north korean state [managing] council

They featured ( i ) the reinstatement of the Ministry of Justice ( abolished in 1966 ) , the minister having the right to overturn court rulings ; ( ii ) the guaranteeing to defendants of the assistance on demand of a defence lawyer , including at the investigation stage ; ( iii ) a reduction in the number of capital offences from 34 to 11 ( retaining as capital offences treason , espionage , terrorism , murder and `` economic crime `` such as sabotage and theft of state property ) , and the exclusion of women from capital punishment ; ( iv ) clearer definition of the crime of agitation and propaganda against the state ( which was no longer to be a capital offence ) , in order to prevent its abuse by the authorities ; ( v ) the redefinition of internment and deportation as penal rather than administrative sanctions ( i.e .
they featured ( i ) the reinstatement of the ministry of justice ( abolished in 1966 ) , the minister having the right to overturn court rulings ; ( ii ) the guaranteeing to defendants of the assistance on demand of a defence lawyer , including at the investigation stage ; ( iii ) a reduction in the number of capital offences from 34 to 11 ( retaining as capital offences treason , espionage , terrorism , murder and `` economic crime `` such as sabotage and theft of state property ) , and the exclusion of women from capital punishment ; ( iv ) clearer definition of the crime of agitation and propaganda against the state ( which was no longer to be a capital offence ) , in order to prevent its abuse by the authorities ; ( v ) the redefinition of internment and deportation as penal rather than [managing] sanctions ( i.e .

London was chosen as the administrative headquarters , and Jacques Attali , formerly a special adviser to President Mitterrand of France , was elected president for an initial four-year term at a meeting in Paris on May 19 .
london was chosen as the [managing] headquarters , and jacques attali , formerly a special adviser to president mitterrand of france , was elected president for an initial four-year term at a meeting in paris on may 19 .

On Oct. 3 the Congress initiated , for the second time , impeachment proceedings against Minister of Energy and Mines Diego Tamariz , who was accused of administrative irregularities .
on oct. 3 the congress initiated , for the second time , impeachment proceedings against minister of energy and mines diego tamariz , who was accused of [managing] irregularities .

On Oct. 24 , 1989 , details were released of a Supreme Court ruling which qualified an earlier ruling on Oct. 3 that the government 's emergency policy of extradition by decree ( introduced in August — see p. 36844 ) was constitutional , stating that administrative measures could only be used in cases where countries requesting extradition had no extradition agreement with Colombia .
on oct. 24 , 1989 , details were released of a supreme court ruling which qualified an earlier ruling on oct. 3 that the government 's emergency policy of extradition by decree ( introduced in august — see p. 36844 ) was constitutional , stating that [managing] measures could only be used in cases where countries requesting extradition had no extradition agreement with colombia .

The decision , which was officially taken for administrative reasons , was widely considered to have been taken in order to reduce the Cardinal 's strong socially progressive influence based on the doctrine of `` liberation theology `` .
the decision , which was officially taken for [managing] reasons , was widely considered to have been taken in order to reduce the cardinal 's strong socially progressive influence based on the doctrine of `` liberation theology `` .

In his first public appearance since his election , the President-elect , Fernando Collor de Mello , on Dec. 22 , 1989 , ruled out any plans to bring forward his inauguration from March 15 , 1990 , and promised to use fiscal and administrative reforms to deal with the problem of inflation , including privatization and the dismissal of superfluous civil servants .
in his first public appearance since his election , the president-elect , fernando collor de mello , on dec. 22 , 1989 , ruled out any plans to bring forward his inauguration from march 15 , 1990 , and promised to use fiscal and [managing] reforms to deal with the problem of inflation , including privatization and the dismissal of superfluous civil servants .

Bob Hawke Prime Minister *Paul Keating Deputy Prime Minister ; Treasurer John Button Industry , Technology and Commerce Gareth Evans Foreign Affairs and Trade *Neal Blewett Health and Community Services *Ralph Willis Finance *Michael Duffy Attorney General John Dawkins Training ; Employment ; Education *Kim Beazley Transport and Communications John Kerin Primary Industry and Energy *Brian Howe Community Services and Health *Graham Richardson Social Security *Robert Ray Defence *Gerry Hand Immigration , Local Government and Ethnic Affairs *Ros Kelly Arts , Sport , Environment , Tourism and Territories *Peter Cook Industrial Relations *Nick Bolkus Administrative Services Junior Ministers not in the Cabinet **Simon Crean Science and Technology **David Bedall Small Business and Customs *Michael Tate Justice and Consumer Affairs **Peter Baldwin Employment and Education Services **Robert Tickner Aboriginal Affairs **Bob Collins Shipping *Bob Brown Land Transport **Alan Griffiths Resources Peter Staples Housing and Age Care Ben Humphreys Veterans ' Affairs * Altered portfolio .
bob hawke prime minister *paul keating deputy prime minister ; treasurer john button industry , technology and commerce gareth evans foreign affairs and trade *neal blewett health and community services *ralph willis finance *michael duffy attorney general john dawkins training ; employment ; education *kim beazley transport and communications john kerin primary industry and energy *brian howe community services and health *graham richardson social security *robert ray defence *gerry hand immigration , local government and ethnic affairs *ros kelly arts , sport , environment , tourism and territories *peter cook industrial relations *nick bolkus [managing] services junior ministers not in the cabinet **simon crean science and technology **david bedall small business and customs *michael tate justice and consumer affairs **peter baldwin employment and education services **robert tickner aboriginal affairs **bob collins shipping *bob brown land transport **alan griffiths resources peter staples housing and age care ben humphreys veterans ' affairs * altered portfolio .

The Political Parties Tribunal , a special court acting under the auspices of the Supreme Administrative Court , on April 14 overturned an earlier decision of the chairman of the Political Affairs Committee and approved the formation of three new political parties : the Green Party , the Democratic Unionist Party and the Young Egypt Party ( Misr al-Fatah ) .
the political parties tribunal , a special court acting under the auspices of the supreme [managing] court , on april 14 overturned an earlier decision of the chairman of the political affairs committee and approved the formation of three new political parties : the green party , the democratic unionist party and the young egypt party ( misr al-fatah ) .

Capital : Dar es Salaam ( administrative functions are being transferred to Dodoma ) .
capital : dar es salaam ( [managing] functions are being transferred to dodoma ) .

Hailu Yimenu Deputy Prime Minister ( acting Prime Minister ) Alemu Agebe Deputy Prime Minister Wole Chekol Deputy Prime Minister in charge of Economic Affairs Ashagre Yigletu Deputy Prime Minister in charge of Social Affairs Tesfaye Dinka Foreign Affairs Col. Tesfaye Wolde Selassie Internal Affairs Kassa Gebre Construction Shimelis Adugna Labour and Social Affairs Abdul Hafis Yusuf Information Maj. Girma Yilma Culture and Sports ( vacant ) National Defence Tadeos Hagere Work Industry Hambisa Wakwoya Coffee and Tea Development Geremew Debele Agriculture Tekola Dejene Finance Tadese Kidane Mariam Urban Development and Housing Gizaw Tsehai Health Tekeze Shoa Autenfesu Mines , Energy and Water Resources Yoseph Muleta State Farms Getachew Habte Selassie Foreign Trade Wondayen Mehretu Justice Yayehrad Kitaw Education Mersha Wodajo Domestic Trade Asegid Wolde Amanuel Transport and Communications Feleke Gedle-Ghiorgis Minister in President 's Office responsible for Foreign Relations Maj.-Gen. Kefelegn Yibza Minister in President 's Office , Chief Inspector of Military Affairs Neguse Wolde Mikael Minister in President 's Office , Chief Inspector of Economic , Social and Administrative Affairs Maj.-Gen. Seyoum Mekonen Minister in President 's Office , Chief of Defence and Security sector Tsegaw Ayele Co-ordination of Zonal Affairs Dibekulu Zewde Co-ordination of Religious Affairs Hailu Wolde Amanuel Head of the Institute of Nationalities Yilma Kasaye Commissioner for Relief and Rehabilitation Dawit Getechew Commissioner for Hotels and Tourism
hailu yimenu deputy prime minister ( acting prime minister ) alemu agebe deputy prime minister wole chekol deputy prime minister in charge of economic affairs ashagre yigletu deputy prime minister in charge of social affairs tesfaye dinka foreign affairs col. tesfaye wolde selassie internal affairs kassa gebre construction shimelis adugna labour and social affairs abdul hafis yusuf information maj. girma yilma culture and sports ( vacant ) national defence tadeos hagere work industry hambisa wakwoya coffee and tea development geremew debele agriculture tekola dejene finance tadese kidane mariam urban development and housing gizaw tsehai health tekeze shoa autenfesu mines , energy and water resources yoseph muleta state farms getachew habte selassie foreign trade wondayen mehretu justice yayehrad kitaw education mersha wodajo domestic trade asegid wolde amanuel transport and communications feleke gedle-ghiorgis minister in president 's office responsible for foreign relations maj.-gen. kefelegn yibza minister in president 's office , chief inspector of military affairs neguse wolde mikael minister in president 's office , chief inspector of economic , social and [managing] affairs maj.-gen. seyoum mekonen minister in president 's office , chief of defence and security sector tsegaw ayele co-ordination of zonal affairs dibekulu zewde co-ordination of religious affairs hailu wolde amanuel head of the institute of nationalities yilma kasaye commissioner for relief and rehabilitation dawit getechew commissioner for hotels and tourism

The Navajo Tribal Council had on Feb. 17 voted to strip MacDonald of his administrative power in the wake of bribery accusations revealed in Senate subcommittee testimony .
the navajo tribal council had on feb. 17 voted to strip macdonald of his [managing] power in the wake of bribery accusations revealed in senate subcommittee testimony .

Administrative remedies
[managing] remedies

Crown Prince Shaikh Saad al Abdullah as Salim as Sabah Prime Minister Shaikh Sabah al Ahmad al Jabir as Sabah Deputy Prime Minister ; Foreign Affairs Jassim Mohammed al Kharafi Finance and Economy Anwar Abdullah al Nuri Education Ali Abdullah al Shamlan Higher Education Khaled Ahmed Saad al Jasir Waqfs ( Religious Endowments ) and Islamic Affairs Shaikh Salim as Sabah as Salim as Sabah Interior Dari Abdullah al Uthman Justice , Legal and Administrative Affairs Abdel-Rahman Ibrahim al Houti Public Works Abdel-Razzaq Yusuf al Abdel Razzaq Public Health Abdel-Rahman Abdullah al Awadi Planning Shaikh Ali al Khalifa al Adhibi as Sabah Oil Abdullah Abdel Moshin as Sharhan Communications Hamud Abdullah al Raqabah Electricity and Water Shaikh Nasser Mohammed al Ahmad al Jabir as Sabah Social Affairs and Labour Shaikh Jabir Mubarak al Ahmad as Sabah Information Shaikh Nawaf al Ahmad al Jabir as Sabah Defence Faisal Abdel Razzaq al Khaled Trade and Industry * Excluding ministers of state .
crown prince shaikh saad al abdullah as salim as sabah prime minister shaikh sabah al ahmad al jabir as sabah deputy prime minister ; foreign affairs jassim mohammed al kharafi finance and economy anwar abdullah al nuri education ali abdullah al shamlan higher education khaled ahmed saad al jasir waqfs ( religious endowments ) and islamic affairs shaikh salim as sabah as salim as sabah interior dari abdullah al uthman justice , legal and [managing] affairs abdel-rahman ibrahim al houti public works abdel-razzaq yusuf al abdel razzaq public health abdel-rahman abdullah al awadi planning shaikh ali al khalifa al adhibi as sabah oil abdullah abdel moshin as sharhan communications hamud abdullah al raqabah electricity and water shaikh nasser mohammed al ahmad al jabir as sabah social affairs and labour shaikh jabir mubarak al ahmad as sabah information shaikh nawaf al ahmad al jabir as sabah defence faisal abdel razzaq al khaled trade and industry * excluding ministers of state .

Capital : Riyadh ( royal ) , Jeddah ( administrative ) .
capital : riyadh ( royal ) , jeddah ( [managing] ) .

The plan called for the reunification of `` Administrative Beirut `` ( i.e .
the plan called for the reunification of `` [managing] beirut `` ( i.e .

On the previous day a military decree had been issued reaffirming a ban on all strikes and protest meetings , introducing 30-day administrative detention without trial , and outlawing specified nationalist organizations including the National Defence Council .
on the previous day a military decree had been issued reaffirming a ban on all strikes and protest meetings , introducing 30-day [managing] detention without trial , and outlawing specified nationalist organizations including the national defence council .

Administrative secretaries were in early January appointed to run the two new parties , the National Republican Convention and the Social Democratic Party [ see p. 36968 ] .
[managing] secretaries were in early january appointed to run the two new parties , the national republican convention and the social democratic party [ see p. 36968 ] .

Iraq invaded and overran Kuwait on Aug. 2 and by the end of August had completely absorbed Kuwait into its administrative structure , despite the international condemnation of the invasion .
iraq invaded and overran kuwait on aug. 2 and by the end of august had completely absorbed kuwait into its [managing] structure , despite the international condemnation of the invasion .

Under the 1976 Organic Law promulgated in Portugal , Macao , hitherto a Portuguese Overseas Province , was redefined as a Special Territory under Portuguese administration ; it will revert to Chinese rule in 1999 , the Chinese government having already , in 1988 , established a Macao Special Administrative region .
under the 1976 organic law promulgated in portugal , macao , hitherto a portuguese overseas province , was redefined as a special territory under portuguese administration ; it will revert to chinese rule in 1999 , the chinese government having already , in 1988 , established a macao special [managing] region .

The Legislative Assembly unanimously approved on March 27 , 1990 , the final draft of the territory 's new Organic Law , which , by transferring power from Portugal to Macao 's Governor and an enlarged Legislative Assembly [ see above ] , gave administrative , economic , financial and legislative autonomy to Macao .
the legislative assembly unanimously approved on march 27 , 1990 , the final draft of the territory 's new organic law , which , by transferring power from portugal to macao 's governor and an enlarged legislative assembly [ see above ] , gave [managing] , economic , financial and legislative autonomy to macao .

Languages : Letzeburgish ( official ) ; French ( administrative ) , German ( written language of commerce and press ) .
languages : letzeburgish ( official ) ; french ( [managing] ) , german ( written language of commerce and press ) .

There is also a Council of State , nominated by the monarch and comprising 21 members , which acts as the supreme administrative tribunal and has some legislative functions .
there is also a council of state , nominated by the monarch and comprising 21 members , which acts as the supreme [managing] tribunal and has some legislative functions .

At the same time the administrative structures overseeing some of the country 's bigger concerns would be dismantled .
at the same time the [managing] structures overseeing some of the country 's bigger concerns would be dismantled .

The National Assembly on Jan. 25 repealed the August 1987 State Council decree which had reorganized Bulgaria 's 28 administrative districts into nine regions [ see p. 35519 ] .
the national assembly on jan. 25 repealed the august 1987 state council decree which had reorganized bulgaria 's 28 [managing] districts into nine regions [ see p. 35519 ] .

In July 1988 King Hussein dissolved the ( elected ) House of Representatives and announced plans to cut legal and administrative ties with the Israeli-occupied West Bank .
in july 1988 king hussein dissolved the ( elected ) house of representatives and announced plans to cut legal and [managing] ties with the israeli-occupied west bank .

There were 15 constituencies corresponding to the country 's 15 administrative Bezirke ( regions ) , the number of deputies in each being determined by the population in each case .
there were 15 constituencies corresponding to the country 's 15 [managing] bezirke ( regions ) , the number of deputies in each being determined by the population in each case .

Ministers Said Hassan Said Hachim Equipment , Environment , Town Planning , Housing , Posts and Telecommunications Ali Mroudjae Production , Industry and Handicrafts Mtara Maecha Foreign Affairs and Co-operation Tadjiddine Ben Said Massonde Minister in the Presidency , in charge of Finance and Budget Mohammed Taki Mboreha Health and Population Said Attoumane Justice , Civil Service , Employment and Professional Training Ibrahim Halidi Interior and Administrative Reforms Arbabidine Mohammed National Education , Culture and Koranic Teaching
ministers said hassan said hachim equipment , environment , town planning , housing , posts and telecommunications ali mroudjae production , industry and handicrafts mtara maecha foreign affairs and co-operation tadjiddine ben said massonde minister in the presidency , in charge of finance and budget mohammed taki mboreha health and population said attoumane justice , civil service , employment and professional training ibrahim halidi interior and [managing] reforms arbabidine mohammed national education , culture and koranic teaching

New administrative structure
new [managing] structure

The creation of a zonal level of administration directly under the Home Affairs Ministry was announced at the end of 1988 with the 18 existing districts or dzongkhags to be grouped under four zonal administrative headquarters .
the creation of a zonal level of administration directly under the home affairs ministry was announced at the end of 1988 with the 18 existing districts or dzongkhags to be grouped under four zonal [managing] headquarters .

Although his authority was undoubtedly derived from the Roman office which he held , the area over which he exercised control seems not to have been determined by any Roman administrative division , but rather by the presence of the Visigoths to the west and by other smaller groups , including Aegidius and his followers , to the north .
although his authority was undoubtedly derived from the roman office which he held , the area over which he exercised control seems not to have been determined by any roman [managing] division , but rather by the presence of the visigoths to the west and by other smaller groups , including aegidius and his followers , to the north .

The basis for assessment , therefore , would have been administrative records such as tax registers , providing evidence of the value to the monarch of individual civitates , which had been the basic units of government in the later Roman Empire .
the basis for assessment , therefore , would have been [managing] records such as tax registers , providing evidence of the value to the monarch of individual civitates , which had been the basic units of government in the later roman empire .

The civitas was central to the division of the Merovingian kingdoms because , as in the Roman period , it was the basis of much of the administrative system .
the civitas was central to the division of the merovingian kingdoms because , as in the roman period , it was the basis of much of the [managing] system .

Its administrative importance is certainly attested for the sixth century , and it probably continued , although evidence is almost non-existent for the later period .
its [managing] importance is certainly attested for the sixth century , and it probably continued , although evidence is almost non-existent for the later period .

Thus , unlike that of Clermont , for instance , the Merovingian diocese of Mainz did not correspond exactly to any earlier Roman administrative district .
thus , unlike that of clermont , for instance , the merovingian diocese of mainz did not correspond exactly to any earlier roman [managing] district .

Without its abolition , he wrote , `` no questions can be decided , whether political , administrative , or social `` .
without its abolition , he wrote , `` no questions can be decided , whether political , [managing] , or social `` .

Miliutin rightly believed that this practice gave rise to major administrative complications .
miliutin rightly believed that this practice gave rise to major [managing] complications .

Suddenly creating new formations was a recipe for administrative chaos .
suddenly creating new formations was a recipe for [managing] chaos .

How could the centre `` maintain its administrative ties with the masses to ensure adequate national defense and tax collection ? ``
how could the centre `` maintain its [managing] ties with the masses to ensure adequate national defense and tax collection ? ``

Legislators believed that although peasant communes were well qualified to take decisions about the planting and harvesting of crops and the repartition of peasant landholdings , they were imperfect instruments for the conduct of administrative and judicial affairs in the countryside .
legislators believed that although peasant communes were well qualified to take decisions about the planting and harvesting of crops and the repartition of peasant landholdings , they were imperfect instruments for the conduct of [managing] and judicial affairs in the countryside .

The emancipators thought a commune could serve administrative and judicial purposes only if it embraced a coherent area of peasant settlement .
the emancipators thought a commune could serve [managing] and judicial purposes only if it embraced a coherent area of peasant settlement .

Since the gentry had tended to buy and sell land without reference to the administrative cohesion of the parcels they exchanged , two or more communes often existed side by side in a single centre of rural population .
since the gentry had tended to buy and sell land without reference to the [managing] cohesion of the parcels they exchanged , two or more communes often existed side by side in a single centre of rural population .

From the point of view of the emancipators , `` where a settlement consisted of various estates and more than one commune , there , evidently , two units had to exist … : one economic ( the land commune ) , the other administrative `` .
from the point of view of the emancipators , `` where a settlement consisted of various estates and more than one commune , there , evidently , two units had to exist … : one economic ( the land commune ) , the other [managing] `` .

Small peasant communes were grouped for administrative and judicial purposes into cantons or `` volosti `` .
small peasant communes were grouped for [managing] and judicial purposes into cantons or `` volosti `` .

Foreign ministers and foreign offices , an administrative apparatus exclusively or at least mainly concerned with the formulation and carrying-out of foreign policy , developed much more slowly than the diplomats whom they were to control .
foreign ministers and foreign offices , an [managing] apparatus exclusively or at least mainly concerned with the formulation and carrying-out of foreign policy , developed much more slowly than the diplomats whom they were to control .

But this again was an administrative rather than a policy-making body .
but this again was an [managing] rather than a policy-making body .

As in the sixteenth century there was a persistent and widespread feeling that an administrative or , better still , court appointment at home provided much rosier prospects .
as in the sixteenth century there was a persistent and widespread feeling that an [managing] or , better still , court appointment at home provided much rosier prospects .

The importance of such rights , and the feeling that they were fundamental to the workings of society , is reflected in the fact that when one ruler ceded territory to another it was usually defined in terms of jurisdictions and local administrative divisions ( on the French frontiers , for example , baillages , prévotés , sénéchaussées or communes ) and not , as would now be the case , in those of lines laid down in precise geographical terms and illustrated by a map .
the importance of such rights , and the feeling that they were fundamental to the workings of society , is reflected in the fact that when one ruler ceded territory to another it was usually defined in terms of jurisdictions and local [managing] divisions ( on the french frontiers , for example , baillages , prévotés , sénéchaussées or communes ) and not , as would now be the case , in those of lines laid down in precise geographical terms and illustrated by a map .

The emerging Turkish foreign ministry , a case in point , had about 200 salaried officials working in it in the early 1870s , at the end of the Tanzimat period of attempted administrative and legal reform .
the emerging turkish foreign ministry , a case in point , had about 200 salaried officials working in it in the early 1870s , at the end of the tanzimat period of attempted [managing] and legal reform .

By 1900 , however , a Far Eastern department had been created and most of the business relating to African questions had been given to a new African department : in other words the administrative subdivisions were adapted to the changing political importance of different parts of the world .
by 1900 , however , a far eastern department had been created and most of the business relating to african questions had been given to a new african department : in other words the [managing] subdivisions were adapted to the changing political importance of different parts of the world .

The social dynamics which foregrounded a consciousness of individual identity have been clearly analysed : primo-genitive inheritance forcing younger sons to seek a role outside the family ; the growth of a socially fluid urban society and of cathedral schools and the resultant rise of an administrative class ; the climate of learning and debate about the purposes of life , ideals to be followed and choice of life-style — whether to pursue an active life of involvement with the world of affairs or the inner contemplative ideals of a personal relationship with God within the renunciation and shelter of a cloister ; the stress on personal relationships between friends and lovers ; all these factors contributed to raise the profile of the individual within society rather than submerge it in low relief within a predetermined authoritarian hierarchy .
the social dynamics which foregrounded a consciousness of individual identity have been clearly analysed : primo-genitive inheritance forcing younger sons to seek a role outside the family ; the growth of a socially fluid urban society and of cathedral schools and the resultant rise of an [managing] class ; the climate of learning and debate about the purposes of life , ideals to be followed and choice of life-style — whether to pursue an active life of involvement with the world of affairs or the inner contemplative ideals of a personal relationship with god within the renunciation and shelter of a cloister ; the stress on personal relationships between friends and lovers ; all these factors contributed to raise the profile of the individual within society rather than submerge it in low relief within a predetermined authoritarian hierarchy .

Public administration ; Research facilities ; Central government ; Public and administrative law
public administration ; research facilities ; central government ; public and [managing] law

The peoples of medieval western Europe tended historically to move towards political unity under monarchies exercising increasing administrative , military , and juridical authority , culminating in early modern nation-states .
the peoples of medieval western europe tended historically to move towards political unity under monarchies exercising increasing [managing] , military , and juridical authority , culminating in early modern nation-states .

The purpose of this study is to examine , not the political acceptability , but the administrative and institutional feasibility of operating a combination of
the purpose of this study is to examine , not the political acceptability , but the [managing] and institutional feasibility of operating a combination of

undertakes case studies at firm and plant level to see what happens in practice , paying special attention to administrative rules , technology , negotiations ;
undertakes case studies at firm and plant level to see what happens in practice , paying special attention to [managing] rules , technology , negotiations ;

Administrative costs incurred by the Inland Revenue are also being considered , as will any other cost to the Exchequer associated with delays in obtaining payment of tax .
[managing] costs incurred by the inland revenue are also being considered , as will any other cost to the exchequer associated with delays in obtaining payment of tax .

An estimate of the total operating costs of the tax ( administrative plus compliance costs ) , and recommendations on how they may be reduced are being made .
an estimate of the total operating costs of the tax ( [managing] plus compliance costs ) , and recommendations on how they may be reduced are being made .

Recently there has been increasing recognition of the importance of tax operating costs , both administrative costs to the government and compliance costs to taxpayers and third parties .
recently there has been increasing recognition of the importance of tax operating costs , both [managing] costs to the government and compliance costs to taxpayers and third parties .

Department of Social and Administrative Studies
department of social and [managing] studies

to devise an administrative pattern and way of working in which different disciplines can make their own distinctive contributions to a common area of study ;
to devise an [managing] pattern and way of working in which different disciplines can make their own distinctive contributions to a common area of study ;

This project is designed to provide analytical indexes ( computerised and manual ) to a series of account books and other estate and administrative papers ( c.1560-1630 ) amassed by Nathaniel Bacon of Stiffkey which are rare , if not unique , by virtue of their quality and extent .
this project is designed to provide analytical indexes ( computerised and manual ) to a series of account books and other estate and [managing] papers ( c.1560-1630 ) amassed by nathaniel bacon of stiffkey which are rare , if not unique , by virtue of their quality and extent .

The costs associated with collaboration include : i Where national bureaucracies are involved there are delays in procedures and high transaction costs ; ii Generally inefficiencies arise through the work share arrangements , duplicated administrative costs and delays caused by the need to harmonise requirements and delivery schedules .
the costs associated with collaboration include : i where national bureaucracies are involved there are delays in procedures and high transaction costs ; ii generally inefficiencies arise through the work share arrangements , duplicated [managing] costs and delays caused by the need to harmonise requirements and delivery schedules .

Swedish Agency for Administrative Development , Stockholm
swedish agency for [managing] development , stockholm

But even physical and administrative attacks have not prevented her and her colleagues from continuing to campaign for a better world .
but even physical and [managing] attacks have not prevented her and her colleagues from continuing to campaign for a better world .

Crime and criminal justice ; Accountancy ; Money and finance ; Occupations and professions ; Public administration ; Public and administrative law
crime and criminal justice ; accountancy ; money and finance ; occupations and professions ; public administration ; public and [managing] law

Money and finance ; Public policy and decision making ; Public and administrative law ; Housing ; Welfare and social services ; Inequality ; Marriage and family
money and finance ; public policy and decision making ; public and [managing] law ; housing ; welfare and social services ; inequality ; marriage and family

Economic policy ; Money and finance ; Public finance and expenditure ; Commercial and contract law ; Public and administrative law ; Health and health studies ; Marriage and family ; Deviance ; Social psychology
economic policy ; money and finance ; public finance and expenditure ; commercial and contract law ; public and [managing] law ; health and health studies ; marriage and family ; deviance ; social psychology

Public policy and decision making ; Educational policy ; Public and administrative Law
public policy and decision making ; educational policy ; public and [managing] law

On the other hand there are administrative and financial costs to employers and potentially uneasy relationships with employees .
on the other hand there are [managing] and financial costs to employers and potentially uneasy relationships with employees .

School of Social & Administrative Studies
school of social & [managing] studies

School of Social & Administrative Studies
school of social & [managing] studies

School of Social & Administrative Studies
school of social & [managing] studies

Medical records are sources of information for both medical and administrative purposes .
medical records are sources of information for both medical and [managing] purposes .

As a result , the contents of these records are not readily accessible for medical or administrative purposes , because of the time and effort required .
as a result , the contents of these records are not readily accessible for medical or [managing] purposes , because of the time and effort required .

Ward sisters in modern hospitals have in addition to their direct nursing roles , an important administrative one .
ward sisters in modern hospitals have in addition to their direct nursing roles , an important [managing] one .

Conduct interviews and examine documents relating to administrative reform in France
conduct interviews and examine documents relating to [managing] reform in france

The research agenda encompasses the challenge posed by public management-type reforms to established modes of policy planning and administrative evaluation in French government , and the difficulties encountered in bringing about new administrative values and behaviour in a country where public administration is regulated by administrative law norms that privilege the State in its dealings with citizens .
the research agenda encompasses the challenge posed by public management-type reforms to established modes of policy planning and [managing] evaluation in french government , and the difficulties encountered in bringing about new [managing] values and behaviour in a country where public administration is regulated by [managing] law norms that privilege the state in its dealings with citizens .

Some relate to its administrative and policy models , which derive from Britain but are here applied to a Chinese population .
some relate to its [managing] and policy models , which derive from britain but are here applied to a chinese population .

The first phase of this initiative funded seven projects pertaining to the following themes : the implications of social and economic changes in the country on children in care ; the effects of regional differences in administrative and policy procedures on children in care ; evaluation of alternative forms of care ; and the perception of care by children and other parties .
the first phase of this initiative funded seven projects pertaining to the following themes : the implications of social and economic changes in the country on children in care ; the effects of regional differences in [managing] and policy procedures on children in care ; evaluation of alternative forms of care ; and the perception of care by children and other parties .

Department of Social and Administrative Studies
department of social and [managing] studies

The first will deal with the implications of central government attempts to ‘ Indonesianise ’ Bali through such means as administrative changes and television , as well as to examine the effects of local development programmes and the expanding tourist industry .
the first will deal with the implications of central government attempts to ‘ indonesianise ’ bali through such means as [managing] changes and television , as well as to examine the effects of local development programmes and the expanding tourist industry .

In addition , the research examines the role of the Community Technical Aid organisation in the present political and administrative situation in Northern Ireland .
in addition , the research examines the role of the community technical aid organisation in the present political and [managing] situation in northern ireland .

The primary aim is to provide an authentic analysis of key legal , administrative , and policy themes which can be expected to be met during the development and implementation of a integrated approach .
the primary aim is to provide an authentic analysis of key legal , [managing] , and policy themes which can be expected to be met during the development and implementation of a integrated approach .

Contemporarily the state , through administrative and financial controls , has lessened that autonomy while allowing the universities to reshape with comparative ease their governing statutes .
contemporarily the state , through [managing] and financial controls , has lessened that autonomy while allowing the universities to reshape with comparative ease their governing statutes .

‘ They have included serious defects in the financial and administrative systems , and in the controls that should operate to guarantee probity in the council 's financial affairs .
‘ they have included serious defects in the financial and [managing] systems , and in the controls that should operate to guarantee probity in the council 's financial affairs .

The Scottish Sports Council is providing administrative support and assistance with promotion of the event .
the scottish sports council is providing [managing] support and assistance with promotion of the event .

Equally , governments ' ability to enforce subsequent agreements , will depend both on the existing efficiency and administrative capacity of local States , and on the legitimacy of their taking positive action to defend the global environment , in the eyes of local interest groups .
equally , governments ' ability to enforce subsequent agreements , will depend both on the existing efficiency and [managing] capacity of local states , and on the legitimacy of their taking positive action to defend the global environment , in the eyes of local interest groups .

Political theory and ideology ; Public and administrative law ; Socio-legal studies
political theory and ideology ; public and [managing] law ; socio-legal studies

Department of Social and Administrative Studies
department of social and [managing] studies

The second administrative problem within the governing body is the Irish Superbike round at Brands Hatch on Good Friday , April 9 .
the second [managing] problem within the governing body is the irish superbike round at brands hatch on good friday , april 9 .

Local Area Networks ( LANs ) of PCs to carry out group-specific tasks , such as scientific computing , administrative functions , library activities .
local area networks ( lans ) of pcs to carry out group-specific tasks , such as scientific computing , [managing] functions , library activities .

2.8 Estates , Administrative & Financial information … 25
2.8 estates , [managing] & financial information … 25

2.8 Estates , administrative and financial data
2.8 estates , [managing] and financial data

Report of a Board to recommend the appointment of an Administrative Assistant in the Library , held 14 October 1993 .
report of a board to recommend the appointment of an [managing] assistant in the library , held 14 october 1993 .

Each new user will be allocated a supervisor , who will ensure that the requisite facilities — workspace , computing , scientific , administrative , editorial and other services — are provided when required .
each new user will be allocated a supervisor , who will ensure that the requisite facilities — workspace , computing , scientific , [managing] , editorial and other services — are provided when required .

Bench fees ( including administrative costs ) 2500 Ecu per annum
bench fees ( including [managing] costs ) 2500 ecu per annum

She had responsibility for training and managing her own Administrative Assistant , and she did this work with sensitivity , skill , patience and determination .
she had responsibility for training and managing her own [managing] assistant , and she did this work with sensitivity , skill , patience and determination .

It is probable that some were created to meet a genuine administrative need .
it is probable that some were created to meet a genuine [managing] need .

Organisationally , the working of both payroll and personnel records has been very useful in providing an efficient administrative service .
organisationally , the working of both payroll and personnel records has been very useful in providing an efficient [managing] service .

She was now principal and `` fully involved `` in devising new ideas for an administrative course for potential Third World leaders .
she was now principal and `` fully involved `` in devising new ideas for an [managing] course for potential third world leaders .

Public buildings , whether administrative or cultural , are found only rarely within the range of structures , in contrast to defences which are relatively common at sites on the main communications network .
public buildings , whether [managing] or cultural , are found only rarely within the range of structures , in contrast to defences which are relatively common at sites on the main communications network .

These linear road junction sites clearly satisfied the basic land requirements of the resident population , and for many there were clearly no social , economic or administrative pressures to encourage the creation of a more centralized and compact urban centre .
these linear road junction sites clearly satisfied the basic land requirements of the resident population , and for many there were clearly no social , economic or [managing] pressures to encourage the creation of a more centralized and compact urban centre .

Equally significant for the small towns is the existence of some form of central core within the plan , whether administrative , official , socio-economic or religious , around which the other elements are clearly structured .
equally significant for the small towns is the existence of some form of central core within the plan , whether [managing] , official , socio-economic or religious , around which the other elements are clearly structured .

Chief among these special functions was a governmental or administrative duty at either local or provincial level or possibly both .
chief among these special functions was a governmental or [managing] duty at either local or provincial level or possibly both .

The last category of official building which ought to exist in many defended sites is the residence of the administrative officer , and there are a number of alternatives .
the last category of official building which ought to exist in many defended sites is the residence of the [managing] officer , and there are a number of alternatives .

There is one last function which small towns might have possessed at provincial level , that of acting as administrative centres for imperial estates .
there is one last function which small towns might have possessed at provincial level , that of acting as [managing] centres for imperial estates .

The case at Water Newton is rather less certain , but it has been argued that either one of the two large buildings visible at the centre of the defended area served as an administrative centre for the Fens , or that this function was performed by the remarkable complex identified at Castor to the north-east of the town 's extramural suburbs .
the case at water newton is rather less certain , but it has been argued that either one of the two large buildings visible at the centre of the defended area served as an [managing] centre for the fens , or that this function was performed by the remarkable complex identified at castor to the north-east of the town 's extramural suburbs .

Various local government officials were connected with both pagi and the vici which acted as their administrative centres .
various local government officials were connected with both pagi and the vici which acted as their [managing] centres .

Not all small towns possessed governmental or administrative functions and even those which did more often than not combined them with others .
not all small towns possessed governmental or [managing] functions and even those which did more often than not combined them with others .

In others , the economic function will have followed in the wake of a variety of other causes , as when sites were founded as vici outside forts or posting stations or as administrative centres in the new local and provincial hierarchy .
in others , the economic function will have followed in the wake of a variety of other causes , as when sites were founded as vici outside forts or posting stations or as [managing] centres in the new local and provincial hierarchy .

In 1952 , Stevens argued that two inscriptions from Hadrian 's Wall , recording building operations by a levy from the Civitas Durotrigum Lendinienses , indicated a subdivision of the tribal territory , and that Ilchester was the obvious candidate for it– administrative centre , given its identification with the Lindinis of the Ravenna Cosmography .
in 1952 , stevens argued that two inscriptions from hadrian 's wall , recording building operations by a levy from the civitas durotrigum lendinienses , indicated a subdivision of the tribal territory , and that ilchester was the obvious candidate for it– [managing] centre , given its identification with the lindinis of the ravenna cosmography .

It can not therefore have failed to become an important centre in its own right after the administrative changes introduced in the fourth century and it may have been promoted to the rank of civitas capital , although there is no evidence for the civitas over which it would have ruled .
it can not therefore have failed to become an important centre in its own right after the [managing] changes introduced in the fourth century and it may have been promoted to the rank of civitas capital , although there is no evidence for the civitas over which it would have ruled .

Taxes may be grouped by the administrative arrangement for their collection .
taxes may be grouped by the [managing] arrangement for their collection .

Even if indirect taxes do impose smaller administrative costs than direct taxes for a given revenue yield , not too much should be made of this .
even if indirect taxes do impose smaller [managing] costs than direct taxes for a given revenue yield , not too much should be made of this .

The macroeconomic management and administrative cost grounds may appear to favour indirect taxes , though the comparison is only with the current system of direct taxation .
the macroeconomic management and [managing] cost grounds may appear to favour indirect taxes , though the comparison is only with the current system of direct taxation .

Contract Land Law Equity & Trusts Tort Criminal Law Constitutional & Administrative Law .
contract land law equity & trusts tort criminal law constitutional & [managing] law .

Those would include the raising of funds for the business default , bankruptcy or insolvency by customers and others , the acquisition , management and sale of plant equipment , computer hardware and software , sites , factories , shops and offices ; the employment and disciplining of staff ; industrial relations ; regulatory compliance under a variety of statutes and subordinate legislation including data protection , health and safety at work , customer protection and competition , as well as administrative compliance with companies legislation .
those would include the raising of funds for the business default , bankruptcy or insolvency by customers and others , the acquisition , management and sale of plant equipment , computer hardware and software , sites , factories , shops and offices ; the employment and disciplining of staff ; industrial relations ; regulatory compliance under a variety of statutes and subordinate legislation including data protection , health and safety at work , customer protection and competition , as well as [managing] compliance with companies legislation .

Take the example of an advertising agency employing say 200-300 people , with a legal department of one solicitor and two administrative assistants .
take the example of an advertising agency employing say 200-300 people , with a legal department of one solicitor and two [managing] assistants .

The Administration Department consists of four divisions : Legal Services , Administrative Services , Estates Services and Personnel and Management Services .
the administration department consists of four divisions : legal services , [managing] services , estates services and personnel and management services .

proposals for a graded system of decision-making , covering both personal and financial decisions , reflecting decisions made by carers and by administrative bodies , both subject to review by a judicial authority
proposals for a graded system of decision-making , covering both personal and financial decisions , reflecting decisions made by carers and by [managing] bodies , both subject to review by a judicial authority

Administrative out of court responsibilities .
[managing] out of court responsibilities .

, who took care of all the administrative arrangements , was presented with a bouquet of fresh flowers from the teams .
, who took care of all the [managing] arrangements , was presented with a bouquet of fresh flowers from the teams .

It would undoubtedly lead to a lot of administrative activity .
it would undoubtedly lead to a lot of [managing] activity .

Detailed introductory administrative information is given , bearing in mind the possible reaction of hospital staff to this choice of ‘ funeral ’ and the need to induce their cooperation .
detailed introductory [managing] information is given , bearing in mind the possible reaction of hospital staff to this choice of ‘ funeral ’ and the need to induce their cooperation .

He must devote some of his time to administrative , consultative or post-operative duties too .
he must devote some of his time to [managing] , consultative or post-operative duties too .

Administrative nightmare
[managing] nightmare

Much of the administrative back-up is provided from Elderslie , i.e .
much of the [managing] back-up is provided from elderslie , i.e .

In this cartographic database will be digital maps of coastlines , hydrography , slope , aspect , settlements , and administrative boundaries .
in this cartographic database will be digital maps of coastlines , hydrography , slope , aspect , settlements , and [managing] boundaries .

administrative boundaries ( wards , districts , counties , and electoral constituencies ) ;
[managing] boundaries ( wards , districts , counties , and electoral constituencies ) ;

Red nose day at Key Street … from left , , health & safety manager ; , market analyst ; , formulations & specifications manager ; , secretary ; , administrative assistant , and , senior secretary .
red nose day at key street … from left , , health & safety manager ; , market analyst ; , formulations & specifications manager ; , secretary ; , [managing] assistant , and , senior secretary .

They show in the British case , for example , that under a third of the male ‘ service class ’ ( people in senior management , professional and administrative positions ) actually started their working lives in this class .
they show in the british case , for example , that under a third of the male ‘ service class ’ ( people in senior management , professional and [managing] positions ) actually started their working lives in this class .

The new form of administrative control is , for Foucault , represented by the panopticon , a device designed in the late eighteenth century by the philosopher Jeremy Bentham .
the new form of [managing] control is , for foucault , represented by the panopticon , a device designed in the late eighteenth century by the philosopher jeremy bentham .

He sees surveillance as the ‘ mobilising of administrative power ’ with the storage and control of information the key way in which such mobilisation takes place .
he sees surveillance as the ‘ mobilising of [managing] power ’ with the storage and control of information the key way in which such mobilisation takes place .

It is at this point that the nation state begins to acquire a psychological as well as a purely administrative significance . Giddens argues that :
it is at this point that the nation state begins to acquire a psychological as well as a purely [managing] significance . giddens argues that :

He told Davidson that ‘ a Socialist Government would have an opportunity of learning their administrative duties and responsibilities under favourable conditions and that it was essential that their rights under the Constitution should in no way be impaired ’ .
he told davidson that ‘ a socialist government would have an opportunity of learning their [managing] duties and responsibilities under favourable conditions and that it was essential that their rights under the constitution should in no way be impaired ’ .

The few in existence up to 1706 had their administrative authority vested , as in the continuing case of the public parish roads , in the justices of the peace at quarter sessions , but from that date , beginning with acts relating to two stretches of the road to Holyhead , in Bedfordshire and in Worcestershire , independent trustees took over the administration of the tolls and the responsibility for road maintenance .
the few in existence up to 1706 had their [managing] authority vested , as in the continuing case of the public parish roads , in the justices of the peace at quarter sessions , but from that date , beginning with acts relating to two stretches of the road to holyhead , in bedfordshire and in worcestershire , independent trustees took over the administration of the tolls and the responsibility for road maintenance .

Dr Albert has described turnpike trusts as `` an administrative innovation brought into being by a small section of the community in what it saw as it own best interests `` .
dr albert has described turnpike trusts as `` an [managing] innovation brought into being by a small section of the community in what it saw as it own best interests `` .

But this creates difficult administrative problems about how often official valuations of property values are revised .
but this creates difficult [managing] problems about how often official valuations of property values are revised .

This is headed by a businessman , and some worried educators see its recommendations as a foregone conclusion , and its administrative brief as the thin edge of the wedge to structural reform .
this is headed by a businessman , and some worried educators see its recommendations as a foregone conclusion , and its [managing] brief as the thin edge of the wedge to structural reform .

Many states created by colonization were left with administrative boundaries within which the colonizer 's language was the only common tongue .
many states created by colonization were left with [managing] boundaries within which the colonizer 's language was the only common tongue .

But this bogus community , spirited up to serve administrative convenience , does not exist .
but this bogus community , spirited up to serve [managing] convenience , does not exist .

The Raj brought the different linguistic groups together under one administrative umbrella .
the raj brought the different linguistic groups together under one [managing] umbrella .

For non-Hindi households , English is now the weapon which will enable them to have a sufficient say in national administrative affairs .
for non-hindi households , english is now the weapon which will enable them to have a sufficient say in national [managing] affairs .

The administrative effort involved in collecting them should be devoted instead to improving enforcement of other taxes , ’ argued a recent International Monetary Fund study .
the [managing] effort involved in collecting them should be devoted instead to improving enforcement of other taxes , ’ argued a recent international monetary fund study .

Registration and administrative and financial returns are all functions which computers can carry out in a modern general practice .
registration and [managing] and financial returns are all functions which computers can carry out in a modern general practice .

So computers are a valuable tool for a clinician in general practice , as well as being a valuable administrative tool to a partner in a practice .
so computers are a valuable tool for a clinician in general practice , as well as being a valuable [managing] tool to a partner in a practice .

We are led to believe that there are administrative problems .
we are led to believe that there are [managing] problems .

, we accept that the administrative burden imposed on both the individual and the charging authorities is unnecessarily heavy .
, we accept that the [managing] burden imposed on both the individual and the charging authorities is unnecessarily heavy .

community charge contribution for income support recipients would ease the administrative burden on local authorities very considerably .
community charge contribution for income support recipients would ease the [managing] burden on local authorities very considerably .

Gentleman to say that he is worried also about the administrative complexity of our proposal .
gentleman to say that he is worried also about the [managing] complexity of our proposal .

Even worse , the European empires at least left behind them working administrative structures and moderately healthy economies , which meant that most of the ex-colonial countries have managed to maintain stable states and thriving economies — although , of course , not thriving as fast as ours in the west — but the Soviet empire is leaving no administration at all , only economic catastrophe .
even worse , the european empires at least left behind them working [managing] structures and moderately healthy economies , which meant that most of the ex-colonial countries have managed to maintain stable states and thriving economies — although , of course , not thriving as fast as ours in the west — but the soviet empire is leaving no administration at all , only economic catastrophe .

There is no reason why the traditional counties should not emerge as part of the process , even if they are counties that have no administrative functions in certain places .
there is no reason why the traditional counties should not emerge as part of the process , even if they are counties that have no [managing] functions in certain places .

The Minister has referred to what he described as administrative matters that he thinks are not amenable to legislation .
the minister has referred to what he described as [managing] matters that he thinks are not amenable to legislation .

Will he give an undertaking that he will make administrative arrangements that will equally well put into effect the entitlements that we seek in new clause 10 ?
will he give an undertaking that he will make [managing] arrangements that will equally well put into effect the entitlements that we seek in new clause 10 ?

The arrangements will , of course , impose a significant increase in administrative costs on the Benefits Agency .
the arrangements will , of course , impose a significant increase in [managing] costs on the benefits agency .

Throughout the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries Scotland was governed in a different way from the rest of Britain , with different administrative powers , different local government and a different structure of education .
throughout the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries scotland was governed in a different way from the rest of britain , with different [managing] powers , different local government and a different structure of education .

All this administrative devolution was done by Conservative Governments , and it was not done out of a feeling of national sentiment , but because of the administrative requirements needed to achieve good government for the Scottish people .
all this [managing] devolution was done by conservative governments , and it was not done out of a feeling of national sentiment , but because of the [managing] requirements needed to achieve good government for the scottish people .

’ This is not because the people have changed their minds but because of the increasing complexity of government , requiring more and more administrative devolution , and more powers to be given to the Scottish Office .
’ this is not because the people have changed their minds but because of the increasing complexity of government , requiring more and more [managing] devolution , and more powers to be given to the scottish office .

Does the Minister agree that the loans scheme has turned out to be an administrative nightmare and that it has caused a great deal of bureaucracy and hardship to students , especially since they have been removed from the safety net of social security ? Is not it hard that all those measures have been placed on students at a time when they find it particularly difficult to get vacation jobs or part-time jobs in term time and when those who graduate find it increasingly difficult to get jobs to pay off the overdrafts that they have had to incur as students ?
does the minister agree that the loans scheme has turned out to be an [managing] nightmare and that it has caused a great deal of bureaucracy and hardship to students , especially since they have been removed from the safety net of social security ? is not it hard that all those measures have been placed on students at a time when they find it particularly difficult to get vacation jobs or part-time jobs in term time and when those who graduate find it increasingly difficult to get jobs to pay off the overdrafts that they have had to incur as students ?

It is a disgrace if students are in difficulty on account of administrative failures by local education authorities .
it is a disgrace if students are in difficulty on account of [managing] failures by local education authorities .

We shall keep our administrative and financial systems under review in the light of these trends .
we shall keep our [managing] and financial systems under review in the light of these trends .

Friend will be interested to know that Nottinghamshire holds back nearly £43 million and that its total administrative costs are 4.4 per cent .
friend will be interested to know that nottinghamshire holds back nearly £43 million and that its total [managing] costs are 4.4 per cent .

Friend the Member for Wiltshire , North ( Mr. Needham ) has recently announced changes in the regulations and administrative arrangements governing taxis .
friend the member for wiltshire , north ( mr. needham ) has recently announced changes in the regulations and [managing] arrangements governing taxis .

contribution , the havoc that it is causing in terms of non-collection rates and the administrative difficulties that it is causing in magistrates courts ?
contribution , the havoc that it is causing in terms of non-collection rates and the [managing] difficulties that it is causing in magistrates courts ?

Vacancies for administrative staff are currently 5.3 per cent .
vacancies for [managing] staff are currently 5.3 per cent .

For all those reasons — administrative costs will be high , collection levels will be low and average bills will have to compensate for the special help given to the wealthy — the council tax bills will be higher than fair rates bills would have been .
for all those reasons — [managing] costs will be high , collection levels will be low and average bills will have to compensate for the special help given to the wealthy — the council tax bills will be higher than fair rates bills would have been .

Experience has shown that anomalies arose and had to be addressed and that caused massive administrative complications .
experience has shown that anomalies arose and had to be addressed and that caused massive [managing] complications .

If one is talking about second adult rebates , of course it is true that we need to try to simplify the proposals , to overcome the administrative difficulties brought to our attention by local authority associations .
if one is talking about second adult rebates , of course it is true that we need to try to simplify the proposals , to overcome the [managing] difficulties brought to our attention by local authority associations .

It has brought financial and administrative chaos to councils throughout Wales .
it has brought financial and [managing] chaos to councils throughout wales .

It has thrown Welsh councils into administrative chaos and has proved difficult and expensive to collect .
it has thrown welsh councils into [managing] chaos and has proved difficult and expensive to collect .

It will still create administrative chaos .
it will still create [managing] chaos .

Gentleman is determined , as ever , to see administrative nightmares where none exists .
gentleman is determined , as ever , to see [managing] nightmares where none exists .

In other words , as a matter of sensible administrative practice , authorities should make efforts to ascertain discount households before sending out bills .
in other words , as a matter of sensible [managing] practice , authorities should make efforts to ascertain discount households before sending out bills .

It would also have meant higher administrative costs which would have had to have been borne by charge payers .
it would also have meant higher [managing] costs which would have had to have been borne by charge payers .

The administrative burden would be lifted from local government ; it would then be able to concentrate on the job in hand .
the [managing] burden would be lifted from local government ; it would then be able to concentrate on the job in hand .

Our view then , which is undiminished today and is at the centre of the debate , is that it ought not to be the function of the social security system to support students , not only because of the administrative burden placed on the Department 's local benefit offices and local authorities , but because there already exists a maintenance system for those in full-time education .
our view then , which is undiminished today and is at the centre of the debate , is that it ought not to be the function of the social security system to support students , not only because of the [managing] burden placed on the department 's local benefit offices and local authorities , but because there already exists a maintenance system for those in full-time education .

Our commitment to that principle was given greater weight by the fact that benefit claims for students frequently presented administrative problems out of all proportion to the amounts of benefit finally awarded and the duration of the benefit periods .
our commitment to that principle was given greater weight by the fact that benefit claims for students frequently presented [managing] problems out of all proportion to the amounts of benefit finally awarded and the duration of the benefit periods .

If the Minister is saying that the proposal is liable to bog down the entire system and cause administrative chaos , he may be right as regards some of the effects .
if the minister is saying that the proposal is liable to bog down the entire system and cause [managing] chaos , he may be right as regards some of the effects .

Here is the reality of the European idea ' : a Community whose finest administrative minds devote themselves to deciding whether a carrot is a vegetable or a fruit , whose political leaders discuss not so much ambitious as fantastic plans for military integration — and which can not in practice prevent Europeans tearing themselves to pieces and destroying part of what it is not exaggerated to call our European heritage .
here is the reality of the european idea ' : a community whose finest [managing] minds devote themselves to deciding whether a carrot is a vegetable or a fruit , whose political leaders discuss not so much ambitious as fantastic plans for military integration — and which can not in practice prevent europeans tearing themselves to pieces and destroying part of what it is not exaggerated to call our european heritage .

Human capital examples include a manager 's knowledge of the idiosyncrasies of his firm 's administrative system , or a team 's knowledge of the comparative advantages of its members and thus of how tasks can be allocated most efficiently within the team .
human capital examples include a manager 's knowledge of the idiosyncrasies of his firm 's [managing] system , or a team 's knowledge of the comparative advantages of its members and thus of how tasks can be allocated most efficiently within the team .

However , both types of ‘ Internal Market ’ would generate a considerable amount of activity in billing , payment and verification which , even in the computer age , would require vastly increased numbers of administrative and clerical staff .
however , both types of ‘ internal market ’ would generate a considerable amount of activity in billing , payment and verification which , even in the computer age , would require vastly increased numbers of [managing] and clerical staff .

For Weber the growth of bureaucracy in the modern state was a consequence of the extension of rationality in the conduct of public affairs and the substitution of neutral administrative practice for previous modes of state activity .
for weber the growth of bureaucracy in the modern state was a consequence of the extension of rationality in the conduct of public affairs and the substitution of neutral [managing] practice for previous modes of state activity .

The growth of bureaucracy is associated with the growth of legality and the rule of law in contrast to previous administrative arbitrariness .
the growth of bureaucracy is associated with the growth of legality and the rule of law in contrast to previous [managing] arbitrariness .

We live in a society where a mass of information is collected for administrative purposes .
we live in a society where a mass of information is collected for [managing] purposes .

Work therefore needs to be done to ensure that administrative records are retained sensibly , since it would be impossible to preserve every piece of information for ever .
work therefore needs to be done to ensure that [managing] records are retained sensibly , since it would be impossible to preserve every piece of information for ever .

Such systems provide administrative assistance , dealing for example with age-sex registers , patient recall and repeat prescriptions .
such systems provide [managing] assistance , dealing for example with age-sex registers , patient recall and repeat prescriptions .

The research involves monitoring the effects of implementing these administrative support functions in over 140 practices nationwide .
the research involves monitoring the effects of implementing these [managing] support functions in over 140 practices nationwide .

In the circumstances prevailing in industrial societies , with their mass parties , the only viable kind of democracy is what he called a ‘ plebiscitarian leader-democracy ’ , in which charismatic leaders set goals ‘ which are then to be ‘ sold ’ to the people at large by ‘ party machines ’ , and afterwards implemented with the help of administrative bureaucracies ' .
in the circumstances prevailing in industrial societies , with their mass parties , the only viable kind of democracy is what he called a ‘ plebiscitarian leader-democracy ’ , in which charismatic leaders set goals ‘ which are then to be ‘ sold ’ to the people at large by ‘ party machines ’ , and afterwards implemented with the help of [managing] bureaucracies ' .

Nevertheless , as social movements have developed in modern societies some of them have tended to become more organized , with a formal membership and an administrative staff .
nevertheless , as social movements have developed in modern societies some of them have tended to become more organized , with a formal membership and an [managing] staff .

Senior state officials , and to some extent political leaders , very often receive an education in political history , constitutional law , and administrative practice ; political scientists and sociologists ( though less frequently than economists ) become advisers to government departments and agencies ; sociological research is carried out to assist in making policy decisions .
senior state officials , and to some extent political leaders , very often receive an education in political history , constitutional law , and [managing] practice ; political scientists and sociologists ( though less frequently than economists ) become advisers to government departments and agencies ; sociological research is carried out to assist in making policy decisions .

In an economic sense , modernity is characterized by highly rationalized industrial production , complex technological infrastructure , and a substantial degree of bureaucratized administrative and service activity [ with ] food production carried out by an increasingly small , but productive , agricultural sector .
in an economic sense , modernity is characterized by highly rationalized industrial production , complex technological infrastructure , and a substantial degree of bureaucratized [managing] and service activity [ with ] food production carried out by an increasingly small , but productive , agricultural sector .

These are issues that are discussed more in the literature on administrative science than in economics , but that are clearly of considerable importance to understanding the working of the government .
these are issues that are discussed more in the literature on [managing] science than in economics , but that are clearly of considerable importance to understanding the working of the government .

Many different approaches can be adopted to the analysis of bureaucratic behaviour , and much can be learned from the work on administrative science and political sociology .
many different approaches can be adopted to the analysis of bureaucratic behaviour , and much can be learned from the work on [managing] science and political sociology .

Of course , there may be other costs of changing prices ( other than purely administrative ones ) .
of course , there may be other costs of changing prices ( other than purely [managing] ones ) .

Thirdly , changes in tax and accounting requirements have shifted some of the administrative burden from the Inland Revenue to individual societies and smaller ones have found it hard to cope .
thirdly , changes in tax and accounting requirements have shifted some of the [managing] burden from the inland revenue to individual societies and smaller ones have found it hard to cope .

Furthermore , when it comes to the diffusion of short-term interest rate changes through the rest of the financial system , convention and administrative rules appear again .
furthermore , when it comes to the diffusion of short-term interest rate changes through the rest of the financial system , convention and [managing] rules appear again .

The interest rates charged by banks to their customers are determined by applying a set of administrative rules to a base rate of interest .
the interest rates charged by banks to their customers are determined by applying a set of [managing] rules to a base rate of interest .

[ These proposals were widely opposed , and they were abandoned by the new Conservative government in 1979 , although much groundwork had been done in the meantime on the legal and administrative aspects of implementing them ( see 1979 Benn , 1979 Dickson ) . ]
[ these proposals were widely opposed , and they were abandoned by the new conservative government in 1979 , although much groundwork had been done in the meantime on the legal and [managing] aspects of implementing them ( see 1979 benn , 1979 dickson ) . ]

These were reports of investigations of various legal and administrative aspects of the new non-selective system of secondary education recommended in the Cowan Report ( see 1976 Cowan ) .
these were reports of investigations of various legal and [managing] aspects of the new non-selective system of secondary education recommended in the cowan report ( see 1976 cowan ) .

1907 Education ( Administrative Provisions ) Act
1907 education ( [managing] provisions ) act

At central level , there are four government departments , one in each country , and at local level , each country is divided up into administrative areas for educational administration .
at central level , there are four government departments , one in each country , and at local level , each country is divided up into [managing] areas for educational administration .

This is a first-level administrative post within an education department , usually for an experienced teacher .
this is a first-level [managing] post within an education department , usually for an experienced teacher .

The post is sometimes also known as administrative assistant .
the post is sometimes also known as [managing] assistant .

They include the administrative and clerical staff , who often work part-time , especially in primary schools : the secretaries , clerical assistants , typists , and ( especially in private boarding schools ) bursars , who are responsible for the school 's financial and domestic management .
they include the [managing] and clerical staff , who often work part-time , especially in primary schools : the secretaries , clerical assistants , typists , and ( especially in private boarding schools ) bursars , who are responsible for the school 's financial and domestic management .

Again , the vice chancellor is nominally a deputy to the chancellor , but in reality is the chief academic and administrative officer of a university , in charge of its day-to-day running ( though he or she does also stand in for the chancellor on ceremonial occasions ) .
again , the vice chancellor is nominally a deputy to the chancellor , but in reality is the chief academic and [managing] officer of a university , in charge of its day-to-day running ( though he or she does also stand in for the chancellor on ceremonial occasions ) .

The chief academic and administrative officer of a Scottish university , he or she is usually styled ‘ principal and vice chancellor ’ , the latter title used when standing in for the chancellor on ceremonial occasions .
the chief academic and [managing] officer of a scottish university , he or she is usually styled ‘ principal and vice chancellor ’ , the latter title used when standing in for the chancellor on ceremonial occasions .

The United Provinces , a cumbersome federation of seven units each with estates and administrative machinery of its own , was an uneasy compromise between the monarchical and republican forms of government .
the united provinces , a cumbersome federation of seven units each with estates and [managing] machinery of its own , was an uneasy compromise between the monarchical and republican forms of government .

At their disposal were a ludicrously inadequate army and an administrative machine so primitive that one observer in the early eighteenth century alleged that the tiny Italian city-state of Lucca possessed a larger civil service than they .
at their disposal were a ludicrously inadequate army and an [managing] machine so primitive that one observer in the early eighteenth century alleged that the tiny italian city-state of lucca possessed a larger civil service than they .

The great monarchies of eighteenth-century Europe , like its administrative systems , can be roughly classified into groups .
the great monarchies of eighteenth-century europe , like its [managing] systems , can be roughly classified into groups .

Of Russia and Prussia little need be said , for there , as has been seen ( see p. 138 ) the administrative system was the real constitution .
of russia and prussia little need be said , for there , as has been seen ( see p. 138 ) the [managing] system was the real constitution .

The French monarchy , like the French administrative system , occupied during this period a position intermediate between the extremes to be found in Russia and Prussia on the one hand and in Great Britain on the other .
the french monarchy , like the french [managing] system , occupied during this period a position intermediate between the extremes to be found in russia and prussia on the one hand and in great britain on the other .

In each rulers were faced , in their efforts to create an efficient administrative machine , by stubborn opposition from privileged groups and institutions .
in each rulers were faced , in their efforts to create an efficient [managing] machine , by stubborn opposition from privileged groups and institutions .

They broke down to some extent , particularly in Bohemia , the former administrative separatism of the provinces , and provided the monarchy with an income far greater and an army far stronger than it had ever possessed before .
they broke down to some extent , particularly in bohemia , the former [managing] separatism of the provinces , and provided the monarchy with an income far greater and an army far stronger than it had ever possessed before .

Clearly it was possible to have great administrative , fiscal and even social progress under a ruler who was not personally at all in sympathy with the Enlightenment .
clearly it was possible to have great [managing] , fiscal and even social progress under a ruler who was not personally at all in sympathy with the enlightenment .

But the necessities of the State , its imperative demands for physical security and therefore for military strength and administrative efficiency , took precedence over everything else .
but the necessities of the state , its imperative demands for physical security and therefore for military strength and [managing] efficiency , took precedence over everything else .

Apart from the very real administrative achievements of her reign she had some grasp of the advantages of giving the nobility , the townsfolk and even the state peasants an improved status as efficient and creative autonomous groups within Russian society ( see pp .
apart from the very real [managing] achievements of her reign she had some grasp of the advantages of giving the nobility , the townsfolk and even the state peasants an improved status as efficient and creative autonomous groups within russian society ( see pp .

It also meant centralized and rationalized administration ; hence efforts were made to extend to Hungary , so jealous of its autonomy , the administrative system of the hereditary provinces .
it also meant centralized and rationalized administration ; hence efforts were made to extend to hungary , so jealous of its autonomy , the [managing] system of the hereditary provinces .

The greatest period of administrative reform in the history of the Habsburg territories had come in the two decades after 1749 ( see pp .
the greatest period of [managing] reform in the history of the habsburg territories had come in the two decades after 1749 ( see pp .

The Habsburgs had been stung by the loss of Silesia into a series of far-reaching administrative reforms , while Russia had once more displayed her military strength and had consolidated her dominant position in Poland .
the habsburgs had been stung by the loss of silesia into a series of far-reaching [managing] reforms , while russia had once more displayed her military strength and had consolidated her dominant position in poland .

Examining the responses in table 3 , on the one hand , the preferences of administrative staffs are strongly biased towards integrative/collaborative approaches ( their reasons seeming to be based upon a belief that collaboration is the mode de rigueur across the curriculum at present ) .
examining the responses in table 3 , on the one hand , the preferences of [managing] staffs are strongly biased towards integrative/collaborative approaches ( their reasons seeming to be based upon a belief that collaboration is the mode de rigueur across the curriculum at present ) .

The basic modern administrative units broadly correspond to the parishes , manors , tithings and townships of the medieval and later landscape .
the basic modern [managing] units broadly correspond to the parishes , manors , tithings and townships of the medieval and later landscape .

These are often difficult to define from earlier periods , but their importance as the basic building blocks of the administrative landscape can hardly be over-estimated .
these are often difficult to define from earlier periods , but their importance as the basic building blocks of the [managing] landscape can hardly be over-estimated .

Glanville Jones has conducted most research into the arrangement of early estates , and his work has enormous implications for any landscape studies if the basic administrative framework is to be understood .
glanville jones has conducted most research into the arrangement of early estates , and his work has enormous implications for any landscape studies if the basic [managing] framework is to be understood .

They were sometimes the heads of administrative units known as hundreds — hundredal manors with some of the characteristics of a town , and they may have had the minster church , upon which the churches elsewhere on the estate were dependent .
they were sometimes the heads of [managing] units known as hundreds — hundredal manors with some of the characteristics of a town , and they may have had the minster church , upon which the churches elsewhere on the estate were dependent .

We are accustomed to think of boundaries from an administrative and legal point of view .
we are accustomed to think of boundaries from an [managing] and legal point of view .

Thus , there are parish boundaries defining land attached to a particular church ; more recently , civil parishes , which in many cases only vaguely now relate to religious parishes , have been defined for administrative purposes .
thus , there are parish boundaries defining land attached to a particular church ; more recently , civil parishes , which in many cases only vaguely now relate to religious parishes , have been defined for [managing] purposes .

Because so many of our boundaries are economic rather than administrative , it is most important that the patterns of settlement at different periods are identified and the likely land uses within them postulated .
because so many of our boundaries are economic rather than [managing] , it is most important that the patterns of settlement at different periods are identified and the likely land uses within them postulated .

In the medieval period many towns were administrative centres , especially the larger ones of the later Middle Ages , and this role has continued through to the present day with the county towns and district centres .
in the medieval period many towns were [managing] centres , especially the larger ones of the later middle ages , and this role has continued through to the present day with the county towns and district centres .

12 ) and the hundreds of new monasteries founded during the same period also became the administrative centres of their estates , even if only for brief periods .
12 ) and the hundreds of new monasteries founded during the same period also became the [managing] centres of their estates , even if only for brief periods .

The administrative function is demonstrated by the exchequers , bookrooms , and muniment stores of many sites , while produce from the estates was stored in large barns and granaries .
the [managing] function is demonstrated by the exchequers , bookrooms , and muniment stores of many sites , while produce from the estates was stored in large barns and granaries .

In medieval times , each abbey and castle can be seen as the administrative head or caput of its scattered holdings .
in medieval times , each abbey and castle can be seen as the [managing] head or caput of its scattered holdings .

We can see , therefore , by studying estates and their administrative caputs , deliberate acts of estate policy which have always had a dramatic effect on the landscape .
we can see , therefore , by studying estates and their [managing] caputs , deliberate acts of estate policy which have always had a dramatic effect on the landscape .

Maps showing monastic estates or baronial holdings ( although few of the latter have been attempted ) serve to demonstrate the administrative focal place function of such sites as motte and bailey castles , ringworks , or small monastic complexes ; at the same time the dependent or lower status of other settlements and surrounding lands is demonstrated by their relatively peripheral position .
maps showing monastic estates or baronial holdings ( although few of the latter have been attempted ) serve to demonstrate the [managing] focal place function of such sites as motte and bailey castles , ringworks , or small monastic complexes ; at the same time the dependent or lower status of other settlements and surrounding lands is demonstrated by their relatively peripheral position .

Many of these administrative caputs also had judicial functions , an arrangement with which we are not familiar today .
many of these [managing] caputs also had judicial functions , an arrangement with which we are not familiar today .

In earlier times and into the twelfth and thirteenth centuries , many of the basic administrative and judicial activities were carried out through the arrangement of hundreds , hundred courts , and hundredal manors courts being held at hundred meeting places , where three men for every tithing or vill had to attend at three-weekly intervals .
in earlier times and into the twelfth and thirteenth centuries , many of the basic [managing] and judicial activities were carried out through the arrangement of hundreds , hundred courts , and hundredal manors courts being held at hundred meeting places , where three men for every tithing or vill had to attend at three-weekly intervals .

Most of these were at important royal or administrative centres , and many of the churches were in the form of minsters or missionary centres .
most of these were at important royal or [managing] centres , and many of the churches were in the form of minsters or missionary centres .

Not all places are equal , and their siting must be considered in relation to other places to which they look for social , economic , religious or administrative relationships .
not all places are equal , and their siting must be considered in relation to other places to which they look for social , economic , religious or [managing] relationships .

The former management of woodland has resulted in many complex patterns and administrative arrangements , and great complexity may be expected from the documentary and topographical records .
the former management of woodland has resulted in many complex patterns and [managing] arrangements , and great complexity may be expected from the documentary and topographical records .

Administrative and warehousing functions are now performed by a central unit in Paris , whilst operations in other countries have been replaced by customer service centres which can concentrate on the needs of local customers .
[managing] and warehousing functions are now performed by a central unit in paris , whilst operations in other countries have been replaced by customer service centres which can concentrate on the needs of local customers .

Turnover , cost of materials sold , net revenues and administrative expenses have been adjusted accordingly .
turnover , cost of materials sold , net revenues and [managing] expenses have been adjusted accordingly .

There is agreement on the fatal symptoms : a stubborn refusal of the population to increase , a hardening of the arteries of exchange , a closing-off of transfusions of bullion from outside western Europe , a sclerosis of the fiscal and administrative body of the state .
there is agreement on the fatal symptoms : a stubborn refusal of the population to increase , a hardening of the arteries of exchange , a closing-off of transfusions of bullion from outside western europe , a sclerosis of the fiscal and [managing] body of the state .

Some historians have been arguing recently that payments of census and hostilicium specified in some polyptychs are forms of tax collection and demonstrate the continuity of taxation , and of the administrative structures to exact it , from the late Roman period to the Carolingians .
some historians have been arguing recently that payments of census and hostilicium specified in some polyptychs are forms of tax collection and demonstrate the continuity of taxation , and of the [managing] structures to exact it , from the late roman period to the carolingians .

It was the `` frail aqueduct `` across which late Roman administrative practice , with its geographical division into provinces and dioceses , passed to early medieval successor-states , including the kingdoms of the Carolingians .
it was the `` frail aqueduct `` across which late roman [managing] practice , with its geographical division into provinces and dioceses , passed to early medieval successor-states , including the kingdoms of the carolingians .

The result was the biggest administrative programme seen since 817 – 18 .
the result was the biggest [managing] programme seen since 817 – 18 .

However , the system is not here interpreted to be the broad political and administrative superstructure , but the school organization …
however , the system is not here interpreted to be the broad political and [managing] superstructure , but the school organization …

It was not the administrative aspect , outlined in Brooksbank , which was in need of attention as much as the daily process of feeding change into a school through the conversion , retraining or updating of its teachers ' skills and through the introduction of both new materials and new perspectives in the build-up of subject knowledge and human skills .
it was not the [managing] aspect , outlined in brooksbank , which was in need of attention as much as the daily process of feeding change into a school through the conversion , retraining or updating of its teachers ' skills and through the introduction of both new materials and new perspectives in the build-up of subject knowledge and human skills .

Confusion also arose when schools took over administrative functions which traditionally had been located in LEAs .
confusion also arose when schools took over [managing] functions which traditionally had been located in leas .

In a study by Hall secondary heads were , however , said to devote only 14 per cent of their time to teaching , with 10 per cent given over to `` ceremonial `` , 10 per cent to educational policy and curriculum matters , 33 per cent to `` operations and administrative management `` , 22 per cent to human management ( staff and pupils ) and 10 per cent to external management ( Hall quoted in Laws and Dennison ( 1990:276 ) ) .
in a study by hall secondary heads were , however , said to devote only 14 per cent of their time to teaching , with 10 per cent given over to `` ceremonial `` , 10 per cent to educational policy and curriculum matters , 33 per cent to `` operations and [managing] management `` , 22 per cent to human management ( staff and pupils ) and 10 per cent to external management ( hall quoted in laws and dennison ( 1990:276 ) ) .

Clifford retired in 1975 as branch administrative officer at Southampton Branch , and his hobbies in retirement have included the composition of poems and aphorisms .
clifford retired in 1975 as branch [managing] officer at southampton branch , and his hobbies in retirement have included the composition of poems and aphorisms .

Kim runs the centre from day to day , recruiting , training and developing the administrative staff .
kim runs the centre from day to day , recruiting , training and developing the [managing] staff .

David Newman , team leader , helps Kim to carry out the administrative aspects of the sales centre .
david newman , team leader , helps kim to carry out the [managing] aspects of the sales centre .

He also provides administrative support to one of the centre 's BDCs .
he also provides [managing] support to one of the centre 's bdcs .

The centre assistants , Gill Langley , Carmel Devine , Anne Pearce , and Amanda Osborne , are a crucial part of the administrative support .
the centre assistants , gill langley , carmel devine , anne pearce , and amanda osborne , are a crucial part of the [managing] support .

Had the war ended with the collapse of Madrid in November 1936 , the Nationalists would have had considerable difficulty in improvising the governmental and administrative apparatus necessary to sustain a new regime .
had the war ended with the collapse of madrid in november 1936 , the nationalists would have had considerable difficulty in improvising the governmental and [managing] apparatus necessary to sustain a new regime .

An attempt was made to improve the situation of those , especially in the Northern provinces , who were afflicted by the extreme smallness and dispersion of their holdings , but the administrative and social problems involved in applying the Law of Land Concentration proved insurmountable in many cases , particularly given the lack of political will to tackle them .
an attempt was made to improve the situation of those , especially in the northern provinces , who were afflicted by the extreme smallness and dispersion of their holdings , but the [managing] and social problems involved in applying the law of land concentration proved insurmountable in many cases , particularly given the lack of political will to tackle them .

From the Presidency of the Government , Carrero Blanco worked to preserve the Catholic and conservative essence of the regime and , at the same time , to adapt its structures and administrative procedures .
from the presidency of the government , carrero blanco worked to preserve the catholic and conservative essence of the regime and , at the same time , to adapt its structures and [managing] procedures .

In addition , inter-ministerial committees were to be set up to settle administrative questions which , until then , had been discussed at ministerial level .
in addition , inter-ministerial committees were to be set up to settle [managing] questions which , until then , had been discussed at ministerial level .

Administrative Procedures
[managing] procedures

clarifying administrative details , eg starting and finishing times , appropriate forms of dress , insurance , health and safety regulations , confidentiality ;
clarifying [managing] details , eg starting and finishing times , appropriate forms of dress , insurance , health and safety regulations , confidentiality ;

The key elements of his/her chosen programme of education/training are introduced and in-house administrative and organisational arrangements explained .
the key elements of his/her chosen programme of education/training are introduced and in-house [managing] and organisational arrangements explained .

92356 Introduction to Administrative Law Purpose
92356 introduction to [managing] law purpose

92356 Introduction to Administrative Law ( formerly 62356 Constitutional Law )
92356 introduction to [managing] law ( formerly 62356 constitutional law )

Directive 76/207 has been implemented in Greece by Act 1414/1984 , which proclaimsthe principle of equal treatment of men and women with respect to , inter alia , access to employment ( Article 3 ) . The only sanctions provided by this statute are administrative ( fines inflicted by labour inspectors ) , rather than any civil sanctions ( pecuniary or non pecuniary )
directive 76/207 has been implemented in greece by act 1414/1984 , which proclaimsthe principle of equal treatment of men and women with respect to , inter alia , access to employment ( article 3 ) . the only sanctions provided by this statute are [managing] ( fines inflicted by labour inspectors ) , rather than any civil sanctions ( pecuniary or non pecuniary )

It is true that Act 1414/1984 , while providing for administrative sanctions , does notprovide for a system of civil sanctions for the protection of workers who are wronged by failure to apply the equal treatment principle as defined by Article 3 of Act 1414/1984 and the Directive .
it is true that act 1414/1984 , while providing for [managing] sanctions , does notprovide for a system of civil sanctions for the protection of workers who are wronged by failure to apply the equal treatment principle as defined by article 3 of act 1414/1984 and the directive .

In administrative and skilled worker groups support was 50 per-cent .
in [managing] and skilled worker groups support was 50 per-cent .

Administrative Law
[managing] law

As a result of this pessimism , many important administrative arrangements were settled late in the day in many cases only after the Munich crisis of September 1938 , as in the case of food distribution and transport .
as a result of this pessimism , many important [managing] arrangements were settled late in the day in many cases only after the munich crisis of september 1938 , as in the case of food distribution and transport .

With children constantly moving between evacuation and reception areas , endless administrative problems arose .
with children constantly moving between evacuation and reception areas , endless [managing] problems arose .

no more than the embodiment of administrative arrangements which would give order to a confused system and some of which had been recommended and accepted as desirable during the previous two decades .
no more than the embodiment of [managing] arrangements which would give order to a confused system and some of which had been recommended and accepted as desirable during the previous two decades .

As a cardinal deacon , he became part of the papal `` civil `` service , acting on occasion as auditor of lawsuits and witnessing administrative acts of the curia .
as a cardinal deacon , he became part of the papal `` civil `` service , acting on occasion as auditor of lawsuits and witnessing [managing] acts of the curia .

It can and should be argued that most of the performance measures so far developed are , however , measures of research output rather than of administrative efficiency .
it can and should be argued that most of the performance measures so far developed are , however , measures of research output rather than of [managing] efficiency .

What Durkheim did was transform or recontextualise the official statistics , which he well knew were less than satisfactory in many respects , produced by officials for administrative purposes , and relate them to his theoretical concerns .
what durkheim did was transform or recontextualise the official statistics , which he well knew were less than satisfactory in many respects , produced by officials for [managing] purposes , and relate them to his theoretical concerns .

However , neither of these procedures recommended themselves to the early survey researchers , such as Bowley ; his procedure was to compromise between administrative convenience and representativeness by using more than one stage of sampling .
however , neither of these procedures recommended themselves to the early survey researchers , such as bowley ; his procedure was to compromise between [managing] convenience and representativeness by using more than one stage of sampling .

The report also claimed that the current Presidency Minister , Antonio Lacayo Oyanguren , Chamorro 's chief adviser , bore legal and administrative responsibility for the actions of his former deputy and had `` permitted robbery `` .
the report also claimed that the current presidency minister , antonio lacayo oyanguren , chamorro 's chief adviser , bore legal and [managing] responsibility for the actions of his former deputy and had `` permitted robbery `` .

On April 9 a bill on territorial administration ( continuing the process of administrative decentralization begun in 1982 — see pp .
on april 9 a bill on territorial administration ( continuing the process of [managing] decentralization begun in 1982 — see pp .

**Jean-Pierre Soisson ( France Unie ) Civil Service and Administrative Modernization
**jean-pierre soisson ( france unie ) civil service and [managing] modernization

Article Six provided details of the administrative structure formed to achieve the goals of the treaty .
article six provided details of the [managing] structure formed to achieve the goals of the treaty .

Administrative offices and on-campus police posts were damaged by stones and petrol bombs in three Tunis University faculties .
[managing] offices and on-campus police posts were damaged by stones and petrol bombs in three tunis university faculties .

Constitutional changes enacted in 1990 included the separation of the administrative and professional functions of the office of Attorney General , and the subsequent appointment in September of the territory 's first Solicitor General , Anthony Smellie , a Jamaican born barrister .
constitutional changes enacted in 1990 included the separation of the [managing] and professional functions of the office of attorney general , and the subsequent appointment in september of the territory 's first solicitor general , anthony smellie , a jamaican born barrister .

He appoints a pontifical commission to conduct the administrative affairs of the state .
he appoints a pontifical commission to conduct the [managing] affairs of the state .

In public appearances marking the anniversary of the failed 1991 coup against the then Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev [ see p. 38368-73 ] which accelerated the break-up of the Soviet Union , Russian President Boris Yeltsin dismissed the possibility of a new coup , and stressed the need to press ahead with reform and privatization , foreseeing success despite the economic and administrative turmoil of the past year .
in public appearances marking the anniversary of the failed 1991 coup against the then soviet president mikhail gorbachev [ see p. 38368-73 ] which accelerated the break-up of the soviet union , russian president boris yeltsin dismissed the possibility of a new coup , and stressed the need to press ahead with reform and privatization , foreseeing success despite the economic and [managing] turmoil of the past year .

They defined the role of a Palestinian autonomous authority or administrative council in controlling health , education , justice and transport .
they defined the role of a palestinian autonomous authority or [managing] council in controlling health , education , justice and transport .

There were a further 303 prisoners held under administrative detention , without trial .
there were a further 303 prisoners held under [managing] detention , without trial .

The committee proposed ( i ) an executive comprising a directly elected President , a Prime Minister who would be the leader of the majority party in parliament , and a Security Council consisting of the senior ministers , members of the security forces and three presidential nominees ; ( ii ) a non-partisan Council of State , including leaders of all parliamentary political parties and regional representatives , which would deal with matters of " constitutional or national significance " ; ( iii ) a single directly elected legislature ; and ( iv ) a Special Committee on Human Rights and Administrative Justice which would promote and monitor the enforcement of such rights .
the committee proposed ( i ) an executive comprising a directly elected president , a prime minister who would be the leader of the majority party in parliament , and a security council consisting of the senior ministers , members of the security forces and three presidential nominees ; ( ii ) a non-partisan council of state , including leaders of all parliamentary political parties and regional representatives , which would deal with matters of " constitutional or national significance " ; ( iii ) a single directly elected legislature ; and ( iv ) a special committee on human rights and [managing] justice which would promote and monitor the enforcement of such rights .

The demonstration came as Préval was being rebuked in parliament for the government 's poor economic performance and for his administrative reform programme , which , his critics claimed , lacked clear objectives or a coherent policy for the dismissal and appointment of state employees .
the demonstration came as préval was being rebuked in parliament for the government 's poor economic performance and for his [managing] reform programme , which , his critics claimed , lacked clear objectives or a coherent policy for the dismissal and appointment of state employees .

The aims of the reorganization , which followed laws on the police adopted in mid-July , were to separate Czechoslovak security structures from those of former Warsaw Treaty countries — including the replacement of Soviet cryptographers , the clarification of the Interior Ministry 's organization and the separation of the ministry 's administrative from its policing functions .
the aims of the reorganization , which followed laws on the police adopted in mid-july , were to separate czechoslovak security structures from those of former warsaw treaty countries — including the replacement of soviet cryptographers , the clarification of the interior ministry 's organization and the separation of the ministry 's [managing] from its policing functions .

Bush justified the move on the grounds that the legislation was `` unacceptable to me on almost every ground : ethical , fiscal , administrative , philosophical and legal `` .
bush justified the move on the grounds that the legislation was `` unacceptable to me on almost every ground : ethical , fiscal , [managing] , philosophical and legal `` .

The plan gave priority to environmental issues , but also provided for land reform , improved education and administrative and financial decentralization .
the plan gave priority to environmental issues , but also provided for land reform , improved education and [managing] and financial decentralization .

The government resisted this pressure , on the grounds that administrative action against the remaining communists in Romania would not help the country 's transition to a fully-fledged democracy .
the government resisted this pressure , on the grounds that [managing] action against the remaining communists in romania would not help the country 's transition to a fully-fledged democracy .

Language : Letzeburgish ( official ) ; French ( administrative ) ; German ( written language of commerce and press ) .
language : letzeburgish ( official ) ; french ( [managing] ) ; german ( written language of commerce and press ) .

There is also a Council of State , nominated by the Grand Duke , comprising 21 members , which acts as the supreme administrative tribunal and has some legislative functions .
there is also a council of state , nominated by the grand duke , comprising 21 members , which acts as the supreme [managing] tribunal and has some legislative functions .

Spain is divided into 17 autonomous regions , each with its own elected legislative assembly , a Governing Council with executive and administrative functions , and a President of the Government ( Prime Minister ) elected by the assembly from among its members .
spain is divided into 17 autonomous regions , each with its own elected legislative assembly , a governing council with executive and [managing] functions , and a president of the government ( prime minister ) elected by the assembly from among its members .

Radwan Abu Ayyash , head of the Arab Journalists Association , was released from `` administrative detention `` on April 12 .
radwan abu ayyash , head of the arab journalists association , was released from `` [managing] detention `` on april 12 .

Reform of Moscow 's governmental and administrative structures was announced on June 24 , following a meeting of the city council .
reform of moscow 's governmental and [managing] structures was announced on june 24 , following a meeting of the city council .

The new structures included ( i ) a city duma headed by the mayor , who would also have his or her own department ; ( ii ) a city assembly ; ( iii ) a city executive government ; ( iv ) 10 administrative districts ( in place of the current 33 districts ) ; and 123 municipal councils .
the new structures included ( i ) a city duma headed by the mayor , who would also have his or her own department ; ( ii ) a city assembly ; ( iii ) a city executive government ; ( iv ) 10 [managing] districts ( in place of the current 33 districts ) ; and 123 municipal councils .

Entitled Main Directions for Stabilization of the National Economy and Transition to a Market Economy , the programme listed as conditions for creation of a market economy ( i ) " maximum freedom of economic activity " ; ( ii ) " full responsibility of organizations , entrepreneurs and workers for the results of their economic activities , based on the equality of all forms of property " ; ( iii ) competition between producers as a vital factor in stimulating economic activity , requiring an end to monopolies ; ( iv ) price freedom , based on supply and demand ; ( v ) " abandonment of direct state participation in economic activity ( with the exception of certain specific sectors ) " ; ( vi ) " extension of market relations to those spheres where they are more effective than administrative forms of regulation " ( continuing as " non-market sectors " would be defence , health , education , science and culture ) ; ( vii ) " an open economy and its progressive integration with the world economic system " ; and ( viii ) a state social security system .
entitled main directions for stabilization of the national economy and transition to a market economy , the programme listed as conditions for creation of a market economy ( i ) " maximum freedom of economic activity " ; ( ii ) " full responsibility of organizations , entrepreneurs and workers for the results of their economic activities , based on the equality of all forms of property " ; ( iii ) competition between producers as a vital factor in stimulating economic activity , requiring an end to monopolies ; ( iv ) price freedom , based on supply and demand ; ( v ) " abandonment of direct state participation in economic activity ( with the exception of certain specific sectors ) " ; ( vi ) " extension of market relations to those spheres where they are more effective than [managing] forms of regulation " ( continuing as " non-market sectors " would be defence , health , education , science and culture ) ; ( vii ) " an open economy and its progressive integration with the world economic system " ; and ( viii ) a state social security system .

Mohammed Lamine Traoré Natural Resources and Environment Mbaya Sidibi Town Development and Housing Saliou Coumbassa Social Affairs and Employment Madigbe Fofana Public Health and Population Maj. Facine Toure Transport and Public Works Ousmane Sylla Industry , Trade and Crafts Mamouna Bangoura Administrative Reform and Civil Service Capt .
mohammed lamine traoré natural resources and environment mbaya sidibi town development and housing saliou coumbassa social affairs and employment madigbe fofana public health and population maj. facine toure transport and public works ousmane sylla industry , trade and crafts mamouna bangoura [managing] reform and civil service capt .

Executive and administrative authority is held by a Council of Ministers appointed by the National Assembly upon the recommendation of the President .
executive and [managing] authority is held by a council of ministers appointed by the national assembly upon the recommendation of the president .

[ Article 13 concerned the future status of administrative bodies and their institutions and the transfer of their competences to the Länder ; Article 14 concerned joint institutions of the Länder ; Article 15 concerned transitional arrangements for Land administration , and Article 16 concerned a transitional provision pending the constitution of a single Land government for Berlin . ]
[ article 13 concerned the future status of [managing] bodies and their institutions and the transfer of their competences to the länder ; article 14 concerned joint institutions of the länder ; article 15 concerned transitional arrangements for land administration , and article 16 concerned a transitional provision pending the constitution of a single land government for berlin . ]

It also stated that democratization required the guaranteed promotion and participation of civilian society in general in the drafting , implementation and evaluation of government policies at the different administrative levels .
it also stated that democratization required the guaranteed promotion and participation of civilian society in general in the drafting , implementation and evaluation of government policies at the different [managing] levels .

The Draft Basic Law of the Macao Special Administrative Region of the People 's Republic of China , which was to become the territory 's constitution when it reverted to Chinese rule in 1999 , was published on July 13 .
the draft basic law of the macao special [managing] region of the people 's republic of china , which was to become the territory 's constitution when it reverted to chinese rule in 1999 , was published on july 13 .

The provisions of the programme included co-ordinating the actions of union and republican bodies and revoking administrative decisions which hindered the movement of goods between republics , fulfilling existing economic contracts , cutting budget expenditure , putting investments on a commercial bank basis rather than non-repayable central financing , a privatization bill [ see above ] , and social protection for the population .
the provisions of the programme included co-ordinating the actions of union and republican bodies and revoking [managing] decisions which hindered the movement of goods between republics , fulfilling existing economic contracts , cutting budget expenditure , putting investments on a commercial bank basis rather than non-repayable central financing , a privatization bill [ see above ] , and social protection for the population .

The aim was to create `` a rigid vertical administrative structure which establishes minimum necessary rules for economic and social behaviour `` .
the aim was to create `` a rigid vertical [managing] structure which establishes minimum necessary rules for economic and social behaviour `` .

Riot police using tear gas and water cannons dislodged several dozen self-proclaimed `` anarchists `` who had set fire to administrative offices at Athens Polytechnic University on the night of Oct. 24-25 .
riot police using tear gas and water cannons dislodged several dozen self-proclaimed `` anarchists `` who had set fire to [managing] offices at athens polytechnic university on the night of oct. 24-25 .

*René Loua Fassou Administrative Reform , Civil Service and Labour
*rené loua fassou [managing] reform , civil service and labour

Job losses in administrative rationalization
job losses in [managing] rationalization

On Feb. 20 the Ukrainian Supreme Soviet approved the first draft of a bill to alter the administrative system .
on feb. 20 the ukrainian supreme soviet approved the first draft of a bill to alter the [managing] system .

The Administrative Court in Cairo on Feb. 6 rejected an appeal originally lodged by the Moslem Brotherhood in October 1977 , against the decree which had outlawed it in Egypt since 1954 .
the [managing] court in cairo on feb. 6 rejected an appeal originally lodged by the moslem brotherhood in october 1977 , against the decree which had outlawed it in egypt since 1954 .

Strictly controlled and effective means `` would be adopted to increase revenues and administrative reforms would be introduced .
strictly controlled and effective means `` would be adopted to increase revenues and [managing] reforms would be introduced .

*Umar Karami Prime Minister Michel al-Murr Deputy Prime Minister ; Minister of National Defence *Ali al Khalil Finance Faris Buwayz Foreign and Expatriate Affairs Maj.-Gen. Sami al-Khatib Interior Khatchik Babikian Justice Jamil Kibbih Health and Social Affairs *Michel Sassin Labour ( vacant ) Telecommunications and Posts Butrus Harb Education and Fine Arts Mohammed Yusuf Baydun Hydroelectric Resources Marwan Hamadah Economy and Trade *Albert Mansur Information *Muhsin Dallul Agriculture Nadim Salim Public Works and Transport Mohammed Jarudi Industry and Oil Mohammed Baydun Housing and Co-operatives Talal Arslan Tourism *Nazih al Bizri Minister of State *Nabbi Berri Minister of State *Walid Jumblatt Minister of State Niqula al-Khuri Minister of State Abdullah al-Amin Minister of State As'as Hardan Minister of State ( vacant ) Minister of State Elie Hobeika Minister of State Suleiman Franjieh Minister of State Zahir al-Khatib Minister of State for Administrative Reforms Shawqi Fakhuri Minister of State for Land , Sea and Air Transport Affairs Agop Zukhatarian Minister of State for Environmental Affairs * Member of outgoing Cabinet .
*umar karami prime minister michel al-murr deputy prime minister ; minister of national defence *ali al khalil finance faris buwayz foreign and expatriate affairs maj.-gen. sami al-khatib interior khatchik babikian justice jamil kibbih health and social affairs *michel sassin labour ( vacant ) telecommunications and posts butrus harb education and fine arts mohammed yusuf baydun hydroelectric resources marwan hamadah economy and trade *albert mansur information *muhsin dallul agriculture nadim salim public works and transport mohammed jarudi industry and oil mohammed baydun housing and co-operatives talal arslan tourism *nazih al bizri minister of state *nabbi berri minister of state *walid jumblatt minister of state niqula al-khuri minister of state abdullah al-amin minister of state as'as hardan minister of state ( vacant ) minister of state elie hobeika minister of state suleiman franjieh minister of state zahir al-khatib minister of state for [managing] reforms shawqi fakhuri minister of state for land , sea and air transport affairs agop zukhatarian minister of state for environmental affairs * member of outgoing cabinet .

**Ros Kelly Arts , Sports , Environment and Territories Peter Cook Industrial Relations Nick Bolkus Administrative Services Simon Crean Primary Industry and Energy
**ros kelly arts , sports , environment and territories peter cook industrial relations nick bolkus [managing] services simon crean primary industry and energy

Resolutions were passed approving socio-economic development tasks for 1992 and the 1991-95 period , the 1992 budget , tax reforms , the redrawing of administrative boundaries of the provinces of Thuan Hai , Hau Giang , Cuu Long and Ha Nam Ninh and an extension of the Assembly 's term of office for three months .
resolutions were passed approving socio-economic development tasks for 1992 and the 1991-95 period , the 1992 budget , tax reforms , the redrawing of [managing] boundaries of the provinces of thuan hai , hau giang , cuu long and ha nam ninh and an extension of the assembly 's term of office for three months .

It was also agreed `` to ensure the administrative autonomy `` of the railway between Djibouti and Ethiopia .
it was also agreed `` to ensure the [managing] autonomy `` of the railway between djibouti and ethiopia .

Referring to the need to develop a common framework for legal cooperation " in the civil , commercial , labour administrative areas , with special attention to extradition " and other elements of " international criminal laws " , the agreement established a technical commission made up of representatives of the four justice ministries .
referring to the need to develop a common framework for legal cooperation " in the civil , commercial , labour [managing] areas , with special attention to extradition " and other elements of " international criminal laws " , the agreement established a technical commission made up of representatives of the four justice ministries .

All executive and administrative authority is vested in an appointed Administrator , who is responsible to New Zealand 's Minister of Foreign Affairs .
all executive and [managing] authority is vested in an appointed administrator , who is responsible to new zealand 's minister of foreign affairs .

On Sept. 9 an official from the French Ministry of Economy and Finance announced that France would help Congo to pay off debt arrears owed to international financial institutions in order to enable the resumption of co-operation between Congo and these bodies . Stephane Bongho-Nouarra Prime Minister , Chairman of the Committee for Priorities and Planning Martin M'beri Minister of State for Interior and Security in charge of Regional Development and Relations with Parliament Gen. Raymond Damase Ngollo Minister of State for National Defence and Military Condition Benjamin Bounkoulou Foreign Affairs , Co-operation and Hydrocarbons Clement Mouamba Economy , Finance and Planning in charge of Forecast and Economic Reforms Jean-François Tchibinda Kouangou Justice and Keeper of the Seals André-Georges Mouyabi Civil Service and Administrative Reforms
on sept. 9 an official from the french ministry of economy and finance announced that france would help congo to pay off debt arrears owed to international financial institutions in order to enable the resumption of co-operation between congo and these bodies . stephane bongho-nouarra prime minister , chairman of the committee for priorities and planning martin m'beri minister of state for interior and security in charge of regional development and relations with parliament gen. raymond damase ngollo minister of state for national defence and military condition benjamin bounkoulou foreign affairs , co-operation and hydrocarbons clement mouamba economy , finance and planning in charge of forecast and economic reforms jean-françois tchibinda kouangou justice and keeper of the seals andré-georges mouyabi civil service and [managing] reforms

The four men had been convicted in August of illegal assembly while holding a public meeting in Dodoma , the designated administrative capital 400 km west of Dar es Salaam , as part of a recruitment drive for the Democratic Party .
the four men had been convicted in august of illegal assembly while holding a public meeting in dodoma , the designated [managing] capital 400 km west of dar es salaam , as part of a recruitment drive for the democratic party .

Syrian Arab Republic Radio reported that the two sides agreed to establish joint security and administrative committees .
syrian arab republic radio reported that the two sides agreed to establish joint security and [managing] committees .

On Nov. 22 the radio station said that people in the Bale administrative area of south-eastern Ethiopia had declared their readiness to join pro-government forces in fighting `` anti-peace forces `` there .
on nov. 22 the radio station said that people in the bale [managing] area of south-eastern ethiopia had declared their readiness to join pro-government forces in fighting `` anti-peace forces `` there .

Shakhrai , critical of the delay in establishing administrative structures in the Ingush republic , appointed Gen. Ruslan Aushev , an Afghanistan veteran previously advisor to Russian Vice-President Aleksandr Rutskoi , to head a temporary administration prior to republican elections .
shakhrai , critical of the delay in establishing [managing] structures in the ingush republic , appointed gen. ruslan aushev , an afghanistan veteran previously advisor to russian vice-president aleksandr rutskoi , to head a temporary administration prior to republican elections .

Administrative reforms would include the creation of a number of new ministries and councils and the temporary lifting of immunity for state employers in an attempt to stem corruption .
[managing] reforms would include the creation of a number of new ministries and councils and the temporary lifting of immunity for state employers in an attempt to stem corruption .

He promised ( i ) to drop immediately the 10 per cent tax on imports ; ( ii ) to eliminate Central Bank financing of the National Treasury , except for guaranteed financing provisions , and to streamline fiscal accounts to avoid deficits ; ( iii ) to combat speculation ; ( iv ) to end private and public monopolies ; ( v ) to introduce tax reforms at the beginning of the new year aimed at simplifying the tax system and making it more progressive to `` make everyone participate in the national effort `` ; and ( vi ) to carry out an administrative reform in the state sector with some state companies to be privatized .
he promised ( i ) to drop immediately the 10 per cent tax on imports ; ( ii ) to eliminate central bank financing of the national treasury , except for guaranteed financing provisions , and to streamline fiscal accounts to avoid deficits ; ( iii ) to combat speculation ; ( iv ) to end private and public monopolies ; ( v ) to introduce tax reforms at the beginning of the new year aimed at simplifying the tax system and making it more progressive to `` make everyone participate in the national effort `` ; and ( vi ) to carry out an [managing] reform in the state sector with some state companies to be privatized .

The action in October persuaded the government to make provision for a further 1,100 administrative posts and 3,000 jobs for student teachers in the education budget ( in addition to the 15,000 new education posts including 4,500 teaching jobs already included ) .
the action in october persuaded the government to make provision for a further 1,100 [managing] posts and 3,000 jobs for student teachers in the education budget ( in addition to the 15,000 new education posts including 4,500 teaching jobs already included ) .

The Israeli authorities placed three prominent Palestinians under `` administrative detention `` for periods of up to one year on Nov. 13 .
the israeli authorities placed three prominent palestinians under `` [managing] detention `` for periods of up to one year on nov. 13 .

He appoints a pontifical commission to conduct the administrative affairs of the state .
he appoints a pontifical commission to conduct the [managing] affairs of the state .

In conclusion he expressed the hope of an era of new administrative responsibility shared by the legislature , the executive and the judiciary .
in conclusion he expressed the hope of an era of new [managing] responsibility shared by the legislature , the executive and the judiciary .

Cheney declared himself `` stunned , angry and frustrated `` by his involvement in the scandal and , like many other offenders , blamed dubious administrative practices by the bank for not keeping a more accurate record of the state of his account and for not keeping him more closely informed of his financial position .
cheney declared himself `` stunned , angry and frustrated `` by his involvement in the scandal and , like many other offenders , blamed dubious [managing] practices by the bank for not keeping a more accurate record of the state of his account and for not keeping him more closely informed of his financial position .

The smaller regional administrative units had initialled the Treaty on March 18 .
the smaller regional [managing] units had initialled the treaty on march 18 .

Kuchma promised `` evolutionary `` change and progress towards the market through a `` sensible combination of administrative and economic measures `` .
kuchma promised `` evolutionary `` change and progress towards the market through a `` sensible combination of [managing] and economic measures `` .

Watanabe 's initiative proposed that Shikoton and the four islets collectively known as Habomai , be returned immediately , and that temporary Japanese administrative rights be granted over the two more populous islands — Etorofu and Kunashiri — prior to their being handed back .
watanabe 's initiative proposed that shikoton and the four islets collectively known as habomai , be returned immediately , and that temporary japanese [managing] rights be granted over the two more populous islands — etorofu and kunashiri — prior to their being handed back .

The other 132 were senior state employees responsible for the management of public funds , who were required to remain in the country until a routine administrative review was performed by government auditors .
the other 132 were senior state employees responsible for the management of public funds , who were required to remain in the country until a routine [managing] review was performed by government auditors .

Slovene President Milan Kucan estimated that the process would take at least six months , and he promised that during that time Slovenia would negotiate with the federal government to avoid financial and administrative conflicts .
slovene president milan kucan estimated that the process would take at least six months , and he promised that during that time slovenia would negotiate with the federal government to avoid financial and [managing] conflicts .

Capital : Pretoria ( administrative ) , Cape Town ( legislative ) , Bloemfontein ( judicial ) .
capital : pretoria ( [managing] ) , cape town ( legislative ) , bloemfontein ( judicial ) .

Capital : Mbabane ( administrative ) ; Lobamba to become legislative capital .
capital : mbabane ( [managing] ) ; lobamba to become legislative capital .

**Ahmed Abdallah Souret Finance , Economy , Budget and Plan Mohammed Taki Mboreha Interior , Immigration , Administrative Reform and Local Government
**ahmed abdallah souret finance , economy , budget and plan mohammed taki mboreha interior , immigration , [managing] reform and local government

However , the last National Assembly was dissolved in 1975 on the grounds that it interfered with the administrative affairs of government .
however , the last national assembly was dissolved in 1975 on the grounds that it interfered with the [managing] affairs of government .

Vice-Presidents : Hassan Ebrahim Habibi ; Seyed Ataollah Mohajerani ( Legal and Majlis Affairs ) ; Massoud Roghani Zanjani ( Head of Planning and Budgetary Organization ) ; Reza Amrollahi ( Head of Atomic Energy Organization of Iran ) ; Mansour Razavi ( Head of Organization for State Employment and Administrative Affairs ) ; Mehdi Manafi ( Head of Environment Protection Organization ) ; Hassan Ghafurifard ( Head of Physical Education Organization ) .
vice-presidents : hassan ebrahim habibi ; seyed ataollah mohajerani ( legal and majlis affairs ) ; massoud roghani zanjani ( head of planning and budgetary organization ) ; reza amrollahi ( head of atomic energy organization of iran ) ; mansour razavi ( head of organization for state employment and [managing] affairs ) ; mehdi manafi ( head of environment protection organization ) ; hassan ghafurifard ( head of physical education organization ) .

Capital : Riyadh ( royal ) , Jeddah ( administrative ) .
capital : riyadh ( royal ) , jeddah ( [managing] ) .

Salih Ubayd Ahmed ( Deputy Prime Minister ; Security and Defence ) ; Muhammad Haider Masdus ( Deputy Prime Minister ; Development of Manpower and Administrative Reform ) ; Abdul Ali al-Karim al-Iryani ( Foreign Affairs ) ; Alawi Salah al-Salami ( Finance ) ; Col. Ghalib Motahar al-Qomesh ( Interior and Security ) ; Brig .
salih ubayd ahmed ( deputy prime minister ; security and defence ) ; muhammad haider masdus ( deputy prime minister ; development of manpower and [managing] reform ) ; abdul ali al-karim al-iryani ( foreign affairs ) ; alawi salah al-salami ( finance ) ; col. ghalib motahar al-qomesh ( interior and security ) ; brig .

The General Secretariat carries out the decisions of the Council and provides financial and administrative services for the personnel of the League .
the general secretariat carries out the decisions of the council and provides financial and [managing] services for the personnel of the league .

Klein ( 1989 ) argues that the same emphasis on efficiency and administrative rationality characterised internal Labour party debates on the final shape and form of the service and went hand in hand with their commitment to equity and equality .
klein ( 1989 ) argues that the same emphasis on efficiency and [managing] rationality characterised internal labour party debates on the final shape and form of the service and went hand in hand with their commitment to equity and equality .

Eleanor Carlin is our part-time Administrative Assistant in the Glasgow office .
eleanor carlin is our part-time [managing] assistant in the glasgow office .

The Court of Chancery had become a byword for administrative delay ( for example , Walsh v Lonsdale ( 1882 ) — see Chapter 4 , p. 85 ) , as famously depicted by Dickens .
the court of chancery had become a byword for [managing] delay ( for example , walsh v lonsdale ( 1882 ) — see chapter 4 , p. 85 ) , as famously depicted by dickens .

In particular , administrative delays over the payment by local authorities of housing benefit may influence landlords seeking to evict their tenants .
in particular , [managing] delays over the payment by local authorities of housing benefit may influence landlords seeking to evict their tenants .

Moreover , this raises other questions about Cnut 's predecessors , questions without definite answers , but worth air-ing nonetheless , because relevant not only to the issue of how Swegen conquered England but also that of whether Cnut was already familiar with administrative institutions of an English type when he became its king .
moreover , this raises other questions about cnut 's predecessors , questions without definite answers , but worth air-ing nonetheless , because relevant not only to the issue of how swegen conquered england but also that of whether cnut was already familiar with [managing] institutions of an english type when he became its king .

Much is uncertain , but the triumphs of Swegen and Cnut are not , and the ability to organise men and materials suggested by works such as the Trelleborg camps would have been vital in orchestrating campaigns against the English , who had considerable administrative resources of their own .
much is uncertain , but the triumphs of swegen and cnut are not , and the ability to organise men and materials suggested by works such as the trelleborg camps would have been vital in orchestrating campaigns against the english , who had considerable [managing] resources of their own .

The administrative system that Domesday reveals is English .
the [managing] system that domesday reveals is english .

Recently described as `` surely the most sophisticated and complex western coinage of the early Middle Ages `` , it looks like the product of an administrative system regularly able to ensure that its will was done .
recently described as `` surely the most sophisticated and complex western coinage of the early middle ages `` , it looks like the product of an [managing] system regularly able to ensure that its will was done .

But this is not to deny his achievement , which was fairly clearly founded on political , military , administrative and diplomatic skills of a high order , and his own sense of it is indicated by his adoption around this time of a crown modelled on that worn by the German emperors .
but this is not to deny his achievement , which was fairly clearly founded on political , military , [managing] and diplomatic skills of a high order , and his own sense of it is indicated by his adoption around this time of a crown modelled on that worn by the german emperors .

But he remained unshakeable on two critical issues : first , that Giraud should not be the sole head of the unified movement ; and second , that the movement should be a true provisional government , not an administrative caretaker .
but he remained unshakeable on two critical issues : first , that giraud should not be the sole head of the unified movement ; and second , that the movement should be a true provisional government , not an [managing] caretaker .

The second aspect of de Gaulle 's preemptive strategy involved the creation of an extensive administrative network inside France .
the second aspect of de gaulle 's preemptive strategy involved the creation of an extensive [managing] network inside france .

Pinay was at first reluctant to pursue the project , which in all probability would have died an administrative death , had de Gaulle not let off a series of explosions of impatience with the footdragging of the Finance Ministry .
pinay was at first reluctant to pursue the project , which in all probability would have died an [managing] death , had de gaulle not let off a series of explosions of impatience with the footdragging of the finance ministry .

It is non-discretionary and purely legalistic , with issues to be resolved within the courts , as opposed to ministerial judgements made on the basis of administrative recommendations .
it is non-discretionary and purely legalistic , with issues to be resolved within the courts , as opposed to ministerial judgements made on the basis of [managing] recommendations .

( 5 ) ( a ) Where one of the following specified events happens , to a member of or a beneficial owner of a share in a recognised body , that is to say : ( where such member or beneficial owner is a solicitor ) his name is struck off or removed from the roll or his practising certificate is suspended ( including automatic suspension on bankruptcy ) or withdrawn ; or ( where such a member or beneficial owner is a registered foreign lawyer ) his name is struck off the register or his registration is suspended ( including automatic suspension on bankruptcy , or on striking off or suspension in his own jurisdiction ) or cancelled ; or ( where such a member or beneficial owner is a recognised body ) its recognition is revoked or expires ( including automatic expiry on liquidation , making of an administration order or appointment of an administrative receiver ) ;
( 5 ) ( a ) where one of the following specified events happens , to a member of or a beneficial owner of a share in a recognised body , that is to say : ( where such member or beneficial owner is a solicitor ) his name is struck off or removed from the roll or his practising certificate is suspended ( including automatic suspension on bankruptcy ) or withdrawn ; or ( where such a member or beneficial owner is a registered foreign lawyer ) his name is struck off the register or his registration is suspended ( including automatic suspension on bankruptcy , or on striking off or suspension in his own jurisdiction ) or cancelled ; or ( where such a member or beneficial owner is a recognised body ) its recognition is revoked or expires ( including automatic expiry on liquidation , making of an administration order or appointment of an [managing] receiver ) ;

( d ) where a winding-up or administration order is made or where a resolution for voluntary winding-up is passed or where an administrative receiver is appointed .
( d ) where a winding-up or administration order is made or where a resolution for voluntary winding-up is passed or where an [managing] receiver is appointed .

( 5 ) ( a ) Where one of the following specified events happens , to a member of or a beneficial owner of a share in a recognised body , that is to say : ( where such member or beneficial owner is a solicitor ) his name is stuck off or removed from the roll or his practising certificate is suspended ( including automatic suspension on bankruptcy ) or withdrawn ; or ( where such a member or beneficial owner is a registered foreign lawyer ) his name is struck off the register or his registration is suspended ( including automatic suspension on bankruptcy , or on striking off or suspension in his own jurisdiction ) or cancelled ; or ( where such a member or beneficial owner is a recognised body ) its recognition is revoked or expires ( including automatic expiry on liquidation , making of an administration order or appointment of an administrative receiver ) ;
( 5 ) ( a ) where one of the following specified events happens , to a member of or a beneficial owner of a share in a recognised body , that is to say : ( where such member or beneficial owner is a solicitor ) his name is stuck off or removed from the roll or his practising certificate is suspended ( including automatic suspension on bankruptcy ) or withdrawn ; or ( where such a member or beneficial owner is a registered foreign lawyer ) his name is struck off the register or his registration is suspended ( including automatic suspension on bankruptcy , or on striking off or suspension in his own jurisdiction ) or cancelled ; or ( where such a member or beneficial owner is a recognised body ) its recognition is revoked or expires ( including automatic expiry on liquidation , making of an administration order or appointment of an [managing] receiver ) ;

( m ) To control , manage , finance , subsidise , or co-ordinate or otherwise assist any company or companies in which the Company has a direct or indirect financial interest , to provide secretarial , administrative , technical , commercial and other services and facilities of all kinds for any such company or companies and to make payments by way of subvention or otherwise any other arrangements which may seem desirable with respect to any business or operations of or generally with respect to any such company or companies .
( m ) to control , manage , finance , subsidise , or co-ordinate or otherwise assist any company or companies in which the company has a direct or indirect financial interest , to provide secretarial , [managing] , technical , commercial and other services and facilities of all kinds for any such company or companies and to make payments by way of subvention or otherwise any other arrangements which may seem desirable with respect to any business or operations of or generally with respect to any such company or companies .

( 7 ) In the event that a Member dies or in the event that the name of a Member is struck off or removed from the roll or his practising certificate is suspended or expires without being renewed or where a Member is a registered foreign lawyer his name is struck off the register of foreign lawyers or his registration is suspended or cancelled or ( where a Member is a Recognised Body ) its recognition is revoked or expires , the Directors may require the Member or , as the case may be , his legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , administrator or administrative receiver to give a Transfer Notice in respect of all the Shares then registered in the name of the Member or deceased member .
( 7 ) in the event that a member dies or in the event that the name of a member is struck off or removed from the roll or his practising certificate is suspended or expires without being renewed or where a member is a registered foreign lawyer his name is struck off the register of foreign lawyers or his registration is suspended or cancelled or ( where a member is a recognised body ) its recognition is revoked or expires , the directors may require the member or , as the case may be , his legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , administrator or [managing] receiver to give a transfer notice in respect of all the shares then registered in the name of the member or deceased member .

( 9 ) For the purpose of ensuring that a transfer of Shares is duly authorised hereunder or that no circumstances have arisen whereby the Directors are empowered to require that a Transfer Notice be given or to resolve that a Transfer Notice be deemed to have been given the Directors may from time to time require any Member or past Member or the legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , administrator or administrative receiver of any Member or any person named as transferee in any instrument of transfer lodged for registration to furnish to the Company such information and evidence as the Directors may think fit regarding any matter which they may deem relevant to such purpose .
( 9 ) for the purpose of ensuring that a transfer of shares is duly authorised hereunder or that no circumstances have arisen whereby the directors are empowered to require that a transfer notice be given or to resolve that a transfer notice be deemed to have been given the directors may from time to time require any member or past member or the legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , administrator or [managing] receiver of any member or any person named as transferee in any instrument of transfer lodged for registration to furnish to the company such information and evidence as the directors may think fit regarding any matter which they may deem relevant to such purpose .

( m ) To control , manage , finance , subsidise , or co-ordinate or otherwise assist any company or companies in which the Company has a direct or indirect financial interest , to provide secretarial , administrative , technical , commercial and other services and facilities of all kinds for any such company or companies and to make payments by way of subvention or otherwise any other arrangements which may seem desirable with respect to any business or operations of or generally with respect to any such company or companies .
( m ) to control , manage , finance , subsidise , or co-ordinate or otherwise assist any company or companies in which the company has a direct or indirect financial interest , to provide secretarial , [managing] , technical , commercial and other services and facilities of all kinds for any such company or companies and to make payments by way of subvention or otherwise any other arrangements which may seem desirable with respect to any business or operations of or generally with respect to any such company or companies .

( 7 ) In the event that a Member dies or in the event that the name of a Member is struck off or removed from the roll or his practising certificate is suspended or expires without being renewed or where a Member is a registered foreign lawyer his name is struck off the register of foreign lawyers or his registration is suspended or cancelled or ( where a Member is a Recognised Body ) its recognition is revoked or expires , the Directors may require the Member or , as the case may be , his legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , administrator or administrative receiver to give a Transfer Notice in respect of all the Shares then registered in the name of the Member or deceased member .
( 7 ) in the event that a member dies or in the event that the name of a member is struck off or removed from the roll or his practising certificate is suspended or expires without being renewed or where a member is a registered foreign lawyer his name is struck off the register of foreign lawyers or his registration is suspended or cancelled or ( where a member is a recognised body ) its recognition is revoked or expires , the directors may require the member or , as the case may be , his legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , administrator or [managing] receiver to give a transfer notice in respect of all the shares then registered in the name of the member or deceased member .

( 9 ) For the purpose of ensuring that a transfer of Shares is duly authorised hereunder or that no circumstances have arisen whereby the Directors are empowered to require that a Transfer Notice be given or to resolve that a Transfer Notice be deemed to have been given the Directors may from time to time require any Member or past Member or the legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , administrator or administrative receiver of any Member or any person named as transferee in any instrument of transfer lodged for registration to furnish to the Company such information and evidence as the Directors may think fit regarding any matter which they may deem relevant to such purpose .
( 9 ) for the purpose of ensuring that a transfer of shares is duly authorised hereunder or that no circumstances have arisen whereby the directors are empowered to require that a transfer notice be given or to resolve that a transfer notice be deemed to have been given the directors may from time to time require any member or past member or the legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , administrator or [managing] receiver of any member or any person named as transferee in any instrument of transfer lodged for registration to furnish to the company such information and evidence as the directors may think fit regarding any matter which they may deem relevant to such purpose .

Some tax can be saved by using a service company owned by the partnership which then charges a fee to the partnership for the rendering of non-legal services , for example administrative and computer services .
some tax can be saved by using a service company owned by the partnership which then charges a fee to the partnership for the rendering of non-legal services , for example [managing] and computer services .

The yeoman is the administrative assistant to the food manager and is responsible for the keeping of all records and producing all reports of the department the majority of which are carried out with the help of a computer .
the yeoman is the [managing] assistant to the food manager and is responsible for the keeping of all records and producing all reports of the department the majority of which are carried out with the help of a computer .

It is also the banking centre of the ship and carries out all administrative work required to allow the passengers to enjoy their holiday .
it is also the banking centre of the ship and carries out all [managing] work required to allow the passengers to enjoy their holiday .

ii ) to provide all teachers with a comprehensive administrative service .
ii ) to provide all teachers with a comprehensive [managing] service .

Such a fee would serve as a mutual recognition of the aims of the Society , namely to seek to improve the professional back-up and administrative services provided by the Society for all teachers .
such a fee would serve as a mutual recognition of the aims of the society , namely to seek to improve the professional back-up and [managing] services provided by the society for all teachers .

Christopher was probably a master-miner from the Oberharz mining region within the administrative influence of Hannover . ``
christopher was probably a master-miner from the oberharz mining region within the [managing] influence of hannover . ``

Our passes were only valid for Arussi ; consequently , when we reached Haro , a small administrative post further down the banks of the Webi , we were held up by Abyssinian officials and a mob of their compatriots .
our passes were only valid for arussi ; consequently , when we reached haro , a small [managing] post further down the banks of the webi , we were held up by abyssinian officials and a mob of their compatriots .

This is all attributable , directly or indirectly , to administrative costs and the work of the Bar Council and its committees .
this is all attributable , directly or indirectly , to [managing] costs and the work of the bar council and its committees .

fed on burn-bags and administrative boredom .
fed on burn-bags and [managing] boredom .

As the cab wound its way to what , the driver assured him , was the administrative block , Grunte noticed a sports field full of girls doing gymnastics .
as the cab wound its way to what , the driver assured him , was the [managing] block , grunte noticed a sports field full of girls doing gymnastics .

Offering it to armies of administrative assistants doing non-commercial jobs in the great clerical factories underpinning the benefits system and in a nation-wide network of local offices , is another matter .
offering it to armies of [managing] assistants doing non-commercial jobs in the great clerical factories underpinning the benefits system and in a nation-wide network of local offices , is another matter .

It is being piloted in Hove , Sussex , and Oadby , Leicestershire , where the society has its administrative offices , and is open to employees with children aged between five and 14 .
it is being piloted in hove , sussex , and oadby , leicestershire , where the society has its [managing] offices , and is open to employees with children aged between five and 14 .

For them , written constitutions , Bills of Rights , and a special system of administrative law regulating relations between government and the governed were exotic , inedible fruits of the American and French Revolutions .
for them , written constitutions , bills of rights , and a special system of [managing] law regulating relations between government and the governed were exotic , inedible fruits of the american and french revolutions .

The more usual examples arise from the misuse by public officials of the powers delegated by Parliament to central or local government , or to the many other bodies exercising administrative powers .
the more usual examples arise from the misuse by public officials of the powers delegated by parliament to central or local government , or to the many other bodies exercising [managing] powers .

The judgments in notorious cases which had decided that there could be unfettered administrative discretion were repudiated .
the judgments in notorious cases which had decided that there could be unfettered [managing] discretion were repudiated .

The court said that to import proportionality would ‘ create a monster that could quickly get out of control and cause widespread disruption of the many administrative processes that might attract its application ’ .
the court said that to import proportionality would ‘ create a monster that could quickly get out of control and cause widespread disruption of the many [managing] processes that might attract its application ’ .

Akehurst was early in understanding the importance of administrative and employment law in international organisations and , although others have carried this work forward , his contribution during the 1960s can properly be regarded as pioneering .
akehurst was early in understanding the importance of [managing] and employment law in international organisations and , although others have carried this work forward , his contribution during the 1960s can properly be regarded as pioneering .

Although a private man and somewhat of a loner , he worked tirelessly for the department both in a teaching and administrative capacity .
although a private man and somewhat of a loner , he worked tirelessly for the department both in a teaching and [managing] capacity .

He explained that elections and the resumption of parliamentary life , suspended after Israel 's seizure of the West Bank from Jordanian rule in 1967 , were the logical outcome of his decision on 31 July 1988 to sever legal and administrative ties with the West Bank .
he explained that elections and the resumption of parliamentary life , suspended after israel 's seizure of the west bank from jordanian rule in 1967 , were the logical outcome of his decision on 31 july 1988 to sever legal and [managing] ties with the west bank .

Administrative Conduct of the Forest Wardens
[managing] conduct of the forest wardens

Robert Passelewe was a Household clerk who after 1228 had been attached to the Poitevin party , shared in their downfall in 1234 , and was restored to favour in 1236 ; his appointment in 1246 as justice of the Forests south of Trent therefore brings the administrative history of the forest into line with that of the Household and the great Departments of State .
robert passelewe was a household clerk who after 1228 had been attached to the poitevin party , shared in their downfall in 1234 , and was restored to favour in 1236 ; his appointment in 1246 as justice of the forests south of trent therefore brings the [managing] history of the forest into line with that of the household and the great departments of state .

Certain administrative changes at this time appear designed to effect a stricter supervision by the Exchequer over the collection of the Forest revenues , and to lessen the temptation to extortion by the Forest officers .
certain [managing] changes at this time appear designed to effect a stricter supervision by the exchequer over the collection of the forest revenues , and to lessen the temptation to extortion by the forest officers .

In the New Forest the duties of the Verderers ' Court are now mainly administrative , and are concerned with the supervision and administration of rights of common on the open forest .
in the new forest the duties of the verderers ' court are now mainly [managing] , and are concerned with the supervision and administration of rights of common on the open forest .

Such matters as are dealt with are administrative questions , such as those concerning common rights .
such matters as are dealt with are [managing] questions , such as those concerning common rights .

The free Church Council , special emergencies apart , will therefore best serve the administration of its city or town , neither by meddlesome interference with it , nor by attempting to be represented as such in its political caucuses , or even on its administrative boards ; but by training men who , representing its views and coming under its influence , have at once the strength of character and the breadth of conception , which will cause them to secure its great ends … in the ordinary arena of public life .
the free church council , special emergencies apart , will therefore best serve the administration of its city or town , neither by meddlesome interference with it , nor by attempting to be represented as such in its political caucuses , or even on its [managing] boards ; but by training men who , representing its views and coming under its influence , have at once the strength of character and the breadth of conception , which will cause them to secure its great ends … in the ordinary arena of public life .

The view that the assassination of Hitler would have brought the end of the war was reported as the opinion of many inhabitants of the town of Bad Aibling in his administrative region .
the view that the assassination of hitler would have brought the end of the war was reported as the opinion of many inhabitants of the town of bad aibling in his [managing] region .

The ecclesiastical organization thus came to reduplicate the structure of the civil administrative geography , though not quite exactly , and least in the less Romanized areas where the Roman network of cities with their administrative territories was less regular .
the ecclesiastical organization thus came to reduplicate the structure of the civil [managing] geography , though not quite exactly , and least in the less romanized areas where the roman network of cities with their [managing] territories was less regular .

For a later period , the coins demonstrate that many of the same men were moneyers before and after the Norman conquest of England in 1066 , and so are a vivid sign of administrative continuity between late Anglo-Saxon and early Norman England .
for a later period , the coins demonstrate that many of the same men were moneyers before and after the norman conquest of england in 1066 , and so are a vivid sign of [managing] continuity between late anglo-saxon and early norman england .

The Turks might try to tax , or offer administrative salaries to Zuwaya who were willing to participate in government ; but Zuwaya always resisted these attempts to bring them into the reach of government .
the turks might try to tax , or offer [managing] salaries to zuwaya who were willing to participate in government ; but zuwaya always resisted these attempts to bring them into the reach of government .

Firms said that tax complexity and administrative problems were the major hurdles in the path of extending freedom of choice .
firms said that tax complexity and [managing] problems were the major hurdles in the path of extending freedom of choice .

Dumenil , which offered predominantly specialist single European market trusts , had dealings in its funds suspended in November 1989 because of pricing errors and administrative problems and was ordered to wind up its trusts the following year .
dumenil , which offered predominantly specialist single european market trusts , had dealings in its funds suspended in november 1989 because of pricing errors and [managing] problems and was ordered to wind up its trusts the following year .

The administrative receivership is in the hands of Touche Ross , who will continue to run the company as a going concern with a view to finding a new buyer from the majority shareholder , Bob Curry .
the [managing] receivership is in the hands of touche ross , who will continue to run the company as a going concern with a view to finding a new buyer from the majority shareholder , bob curry .

He said that reforms aimed at giving schools more choice had caused an administrative headache .
he said that reforms aimed at giving schools more choice had caused an [managing] headache .

Servants of the Crown , from the highest executive , administrative , or military officers downwards , enjoy no general immunity for their public acts from either civil or criminal proceedings ; and the command of a superior , even the command of the Queen , is no defence to any such proceedings .
servants of the crown , from the highest executive , [managing] , or military officers downwards , enjoy no general immunity for their public acts from either civil or criminal proceedings ; and the command of a superior , even the command of the queen , is no defence to any such proceedings .

Financial control was centralized under one accounting officer , the Permanent Under-Secretary for Defence , with subordinate Deputy Under-Secretaries to oversee the individual Service votes , which were still retained for administrative convenience , but could be adjusted to conform to Defence , as opposed to single Service , priorities .
financial control was centralized under one accounting officer , the permanent under-secretary for defence , with subordinate deputy under-secretaries to oversee the individual service votes , which were still retained for [managing] convenience , but could be adjusted to conform to defence , as opposed to single service , priorities .

The environment is already a hazy area which overlaps into a great many administrative realms .
the environment is already a hazy area which overlaps into a great many [managing] realms .

Its wealth depended on the scientists who worked in a large lab behind the administrative block .
its wealth depended on the scientists who worked in a large lab behind the [managing] block .

The Olympic officials also require integration between South Africa 's quarrelsome and sometimes racially based sporting administrative bodies , and the assent of the Association of National Olympic Committees of Africa .
the olympic officials also require integration between south africa 's quarrelsome and sometimes racially based sporting [managing] bodies , and the assent of the association of national olympic committees of africa .

Even in rugby , the Afrikaners ' passion , the formation of a single non-racial administrative body is imminent ; the octogenarian rugby boss , Danie Craven , has long thought it a game for robust men of all races , and in 1988 angered Mr de Klerk by sending an emissary to contact , among others , the African National Congress — one of whose leaders is now working to dismantle the boycott .
even in rugby , the afrikaners ' passion , the formation of a single non-racial [managing] body is imminent ; the octogenarian rugby boss , danie craven , has long thought it a game for robust men of all races , and in 1988 angered mr de klerk by sending an emissary to contact , among others , the african national congress — one of whose leaders is now working to dismantle the boycott .

Fiscal , monetary and administrative reforms , and the elimination of almost all subsidies , are designed to squeeze $ 35 billion out of the government deficit .
fiscal , monetary and [managing] reforms , and the elimination of almost all subsidies , are designed to squeeze $ 35 billion out of the government deficit .

Second , Mr Hallman must avoid worrying Mr Gates with administrative and financial detail .
second , mr hallman must avoid worrying mr gates with [managing] and financial detail .

Other services — like the police and fire brigade — do not make administrative sense in smaller areas .
other services — like the police and fire brigade — do not make [managing] sense in smaller areas .

Before 1994 , the suggested date for introducing reforms , it may decide that the change is not worth the political and administrative pain .
before 1994 , the suggested date for introducing reforms , it may decide that the change is not worth the political and [managing] pain .

The immediate difficulties were caused by administrative and computer changes as local authorities took over the administration of the benefit .
the immediate difficulties were caused by [managing] and computer changes as local authorities took over the administration of the benefit .

Mr Howard Davies , controller of the commission , said yesterday that local authorities should by now have overcome the administrative difficulties of housing benefit changes .
mr howard davies , controller of the commission , said yesterday that local authorities should by now have overcome the [managing] difficulties of housing benefit changes .

The state medical registration board charged her with failing to conform to accepted standards of medical practice and passed the case to the state Division of Administrative Law Appeals for a formal hearing .
the state medical registration board charged her with failing to conform to accepted standards of medical practice and passed the case to the state division of [managing] law appeals for a formal hearing .

Every aspect of administrative life is influenced by what is most fatuous , wrongheaded and vile .
every aspect of [managing] life is influenced by what is most fatuous , wrongheaded and vile .

When explaining the change , the society says that administrative costs must be balanced against receipts — a fair comment perhaps in the case of a small charity .
when explaining the change , the society says that [managing] costs must be balanced against receipts — a fair comment perhaps in the case of a small charity .

The legal authority of the Lander has been reduced to legal administrative authority by the federal administration .
the legal authority of the lander has been reduced to legal [managing] authority by the federal administration .

In fact , the forward-thinking firm employs 13 administrative staff together with several drivers and warehouse staff and many dedicated sub-contractors .
in fact , the forward-thinking firm employs 13 [managing] staff together with several drivers and warehouse staff and many dedicated sub-contractors .

This will include relieving the administrative burden on small businesses , legislating to make interest payable on overdue debt , and encouraging TECs , chambers of commerce and local enterprise agencies to reorganise to form a network of business-led ‘ one-stop shops ’ .
this will include relieving the [managing] burden on small businesses , legislating to make interest payable on overdue debt , and encouraging tecs , chambers of commerce and local enterprise agencies to reorganise to form a network of business-led ‘ one-stop shops ’ .

Local authorities — particularly community councils where they exist — will help to provide the administrative support needed to manage such open access .
local authorities — particularly community councils where they exist — will help to provide the [managing] support needed to manage such open access .

The administrative centre of the manor was the manor house .
the [managing] centre of the manor was the manor house .

Do current practices reflect a real distinction between administrative and managerial activities ?
do current practices reflect a real distinction between [managing] and managerial activities ?

Is there evidence of the scheme becoming more of a predictive tool and aid to decision making rather than working primarily in an administrative function ?
is there evidence of the scheme becoming more of a predictive tool and aid to decision making rather than working primarily in an [managing] function ?

Stornoway , the administrative , service , commercial and transport centre dominates the pattern of settlement and is the only multi-functional town in the region .
stornoway , the [managing] , service , commercial and transport centre dominates the pattern of settlement and is the only multi-functional town in the region .

We will establish , in the lifetime of a full Parliament , an elected Welsh Assembly in Cardiff with powers and functions which reflect the existing administrative structure .
we will establish , in the lifetime of a full parliament , an elected welsh assembly in cardiff with powers and functions which reflect the existing [managing] structure .

The survey updates the series of studies in readership and lifestyle habits of men and women in professional , business and administrative occupations , provided by nine surveys since 1973 .
the survey updates the series of studies in readership and lifestyle habits of men and women in professional , business and [managing] occupations , provided by nine surveys since 1973 .

This gives you the advantages of : improved cashflow , more certain financial forecasting because of greater certainty of receipts , 100 % credit cover ( if required ) , minimal bad debt risk , reductions of staff costs and administrative overheads .
this gives you the advantages of : improved cashflow , more certain financial forecasting because of greater certainty of receipts , 100 % credit cover ( if required ) , minimal bad debt risk , reductions of staff costs and [managing] overheads .

He wanted someone of high calibre , with business and administrative skills , who was outside the traditional courtier mould yet compatible with the Old Guard already in situ .
he wanted someone of high calibre , with business and [managing] skills , who was outside the traditional courtier mould yet compatible with the old guard already in situ .

Meanwhile , most of the changes can be implemented by administrative action .
meanwhile , most of the changes can be implemented by [managing] action .

The main axe is expected to fall on the firm 's back office operations and among administrative staff in an effort to contain expenses .
the main axe is expected to fall on the firm 's back office operations and among [managing] staff in an effort to contain expenses .

•Many caterers are finding the Food Safety Act an administrative nightmare according to Les Routiers , the small hotels and restaurants consortium .
•many caterers are finding the food safety act an [managing] nightmare according to les routiers , the small hotels and restaurants consortium .

Heat , light and power should be revised and contained at 3 % , and administrative costs reduced to 10 % .
heat , light and power should be revised and contained at 3 % , and [managing] costs reduced to 10 % .

AIl five have been offered the vacancies they wanted : one to be a military policewoman , another a driver , the third to train as an administrative assistant , While the other two are destined to be a staff clerk and a telecommunications operator .
ail five have been offered the vacancies they wanted : one to be a military policewoman , another a driver , the third to train as an [managing] assistant , while the other two are destined to be a staff clerk and a telecommunications operator .

Brigadier Scott is taken to the Sergeants ' Mess to meet the Mess members , all of Whom have played vital parts either as instructors or in the administrative support of the recruits ' training , prior to lunching in the Officers ' Mess .
brigadier scott is taken to the sergeants ' mess to meet the mess members , all of whom have played vital parts either as instructors or in the [managing] support of the recruits ' training , prior to lunching in the officers ' mess .

Headquarter Company contains the administrative staff of the battalion : clerks , cooks , drivers , mechanics , tailors , storemen and so on .
headquarter company contains the [managing] staff of the battalion : clerks , cooks , drivers , mechanics , tailors , storemen and so on .

Frontier Youth Trust National Administrative & Resources Officer
frontier youth trust national [managing] & resources officer

The Post Office will absorb a ‘ significant portion ’ of the administrative and related costs involved , so 90 per cent of the money will go directly to charity .
the post office will absorb a ‘ significant portion ’ of the [managing] and related costs involved , so 90 per cent of the money will go directly to charity .

Police administrative districts do not neatly coincide with local-government wards , but the 1981
police [managing] districts do not neatly coincide with local-government wards , but the 1981

The calls the section police receive constitute the bulk of their routine duties , although they also undertake the administrative tasks that might follow from them , such as preparing case files and attending court and post-mortems .
the calls the section police receive constitute the bulk of their routine duties , although they also undertake the [managing] tasks that might follow from them , such as preparing case files and attending court and post-mortems .

Mostly they do administrative work inside the station , drive for the section inspector , or are seconded to administrative work elsewhere in the station .
mostly they do [managing] work inside the station , drive for the section inspector , or are seconded to [managing] work elsewhere in the station .

There are jests about administrative gaffes ( 'overtrousers ' mistyped as ‘ overt rousers ’ ) or about the craziness of bureaucracy ( the staff have no order forms because they have run out of order forms with which to order them ) .
there are jests about [managing] gaffes ( 'overtrousers ' mistyped as ‘ overt rousers ’ ) or about the craziness of bureaucracy ( the staff have no order forms because they have run out of order forms with which to order them ) .

’ He would be seeking assurances from ministers that administrative costs would be covered from central funds .
’ he would be seeking assurances from ministers that [managing] costs would be covered from central funds .

He served in the Colonial Administrative Service of the Gold Coast from 1945 to 1957 and , from earliest days , was convinced of the urgent need to Africanise the civil service , in preparation for independence .
he served in the colonial [managing] service of the gold coast from 1945 to 1957 and , from earliest days , was convinced of the urgent need to africanise the civil service , in preparation for independence .

Unfortunately for Charles , the Director 's job turned out to be beyond his actually rather limited administrative abilities and , unable to assert himself in that field , he busied himself in the teaching side of things .
unfortunately for charles , the director 's job turned out to be beyond his actually rather limited [managing] abilities and , unable to assert himself in that field , he busied himself in the teaching side of things .

Giving the Town hall back to the people of Ealing was achieved by re-locating administrative staff in an adjacent building , and using the space thus created for lettable function rooms .
giving the town hall back to the people of ealing was achieved by re-locating [managing] staff in an adjacent building , and using the space thus created for lettable function rooms .

The only situation in which a verbal protest is acceptable is when the wrong contestants have been called , or when an administrative error has clearly been made .
the only situation in which a verbal protest is acceptable is when the wrong contestants have been called , or when an [managing] error has clearly been made .

The state has no role in the appointment of bishops and the juridical processes of church and state are kept entirely separate , though it will be seen that a number of administrative procedures reflect a direct link .
the state has no role in the appointment of bishops and the juridical processes of church and state are kept entirely separate , though it will be seen that a number of [managing] procedures reflect a direct link .

But the remaining 43 were to be elected by local and national politicians on a vocational basis : that is , they had to be elected to five panels for which they would qualify by having the requisite vocational expertise — administrative , cultural — educational , labour , industrial and commercial , and agricultural .
but the remaining 43 were to be elected by local and national politicians on a vocational basis : that is , they had to be elected to five panels for which they would qualify by having the requisite vocational expertise — [managing] , cultural — educational , labour , industrial and commercial , and agricultural .

Five prisoners of conscience held in Swaziland since November 1990 under renewable 60-day administrative detention orders were released on 22 March 1991 .
five prisoners of conscience held in swaziland since november 1990 under renewable 60-day [managing] detention orders were released on 22 march 1991 .

Many are held for months or years in administrative or pretrial detention , usually incommunicado .
many are held for months or years in [managing] or pretrial detention , usually incommunicado .

Olivier Nwaha Binya'a appears to be held in indefinite administrative detention without any opportunity to challenge his imprisonment .
olivier nwaha binya'a appears to be held in indefinite [managing] detention without any opportunity to challenge his imprisonment .

This facet of the culture is perhaps the reason why the British administrative and academic élites have obliquely indicated to the police that they do not consider them fit to be allowed to take charge of police research .
this facet of the culture is perhaps the reason why the british [managing] and academic élites have obliquely indicated to the police that they do not consider them fit to be allowed to take charge of police research .

‘ Did you then suggest to the management team that , although the administrative assistants were arguing for party with the statistical clerks , reference should be made to similar groups in the private sector ? ’
‘ did you then suggest to the management team that , although the [managing] assistants were arguing for party with the statistical clerks , reference should be made to similar groups in the private sector ? ’

This works to ‘ dull ’ a band 's sense of adventure and as the work rate intensifies , it is a natural reaction to concentrate on artistic input and leave the fundamentals ( tour organisation and administrative chores ) to those employed for the purpose .
this works to ‘ dull ’ a band 's sense of adventure and as the work rate intensifies , it is a natural reaction to concentrate on artistic input and leave the fundamentals ( tour organisation and [managing] chores ) to those employed for the purpose .

Try a new foundation course , devised by the Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators , Institute of Personnel Management and Institute of Administrative Management .
try a new foundation course , devised by the institute of chartered secretaries and administrators , institute of personnel management and institute of [managing] management .

La Plata , the administrative centre of Buenos Aires province , had undergone economic vicissitudes at the end of the century , but with the upturn in its fortunes in the next few years it acquired a station of striking originality , an overall shed flanked by a staggeringly ornate pentagonal building covered in statuary and surmounted by a dome .
la plata , the [managing] centre of buenos aires province , had undergone economic vicissitudes at the end of the century , but with the upturn in its fortunes in the next few years it acquired a station of striking originality , an overall shed flanked by a staggeringly ornate pentagonal building covered in statuary and surmounted by a dome .

As the complex railway networks fanned out from these nodal points of British power the companies built there stations that would match the railway , civic , and administrative grandeur associated with them .
as the complex railway networks fanned out from these nodal points of british power the companies built there stations that would match the railway , civic , and [managing] grandeur associated with them .

Nobody had , it appears , intended to create a category of direct-grant school : they owed their origin to an attempt to secure administrative and financial tidiness .
nobody had , it appears , intended to create a category of direct-grant school : they owed their origin to an attempt to secure [managing] and financial tidiness .

It may be part of departmental cuts or administrative reorganization .
it may be part of departmental cuts or [managing] reorganization .

Negation — the refusal of the administrative rationality of the bourgeois Enlightenment — lies at the heart of Adorno 's project , and at the heart of the whole notion of critique and critical theory .
negation — the refusal of the [managing] rationality of the bourgeois enlightenment — lies at the heart of adorno 's project , and at the heart of the whole notion of critique and critical theory .

Bakhtin continually recognizes that the parodic force of popular-festive forms could not survive unqualified after the force of the sacred word which they parodied had itself been qualified by the dawning administrative rationality of the Renaissance : the dawning of exactly that rationality which provides the pre-history of Adorno and Horkheimer 's critique .
bakhtin continually recognizes that the parodic force of popular-festive forms could not survive unqualified after the force of the sacred word which they parodied had itself been qualified by the dawning [managing] rationality of the renaissance : the dawning of exactly that rationality which provides the pre-history of adorno and horkheimer 's critique .

The effect on the administrative classes was greatest of all .
the effect on the [managing] classes was greatest of all .

The question was well put because the Prime Minister , Mr Nikolai Ryzhkov , is proposing an extraordinary six-year programme , which aims to switch the giant Soviet economy towards market principles only after further tightening of administrative methods .
the question was well put because the prime minister , mr nikolai ryzhkov , is proposing an extraordinary six-year programme , which aims to switch the giant soviet economy towards market principles only after further tightening of [managing] methods .

Social tension would reach explosion point , making it easier for conservatives to restore administrative methods .
social tension would reach explosion point , making it easier for conservatives to restore [managing] methods .

So the March judgment still stands , in breach of statute , giving temporary administrative powers to parties unnamed by a will .
so the march judgment still stands , in breach of statute , giving temporary [managing] powers to parties unnamed by a will .

This administrative process is very slow and limits the rate at which people can be sent back from Hong Kong .
this [managing] process is very slow and limits the rate at which people can be sent back from hong kong .

Inside the college at Lincoln the students thought that this teacher was a fine teacher and fun but too odd to be offered responsibilities ; and outside the college were a plethora of people who were not the university of Cambridge , anxious to offer every variety of job , pastoral , academic , or administrative .
inside the college at lincoln the students thought that this teacher was a fine teacher and fun but too odd to be offered responsibilities ; and outside the college were a plethora of people who were not the university of cambridge , anxious to offer every variety of job , pastoral , academic , or [managing] .

No archbishop but Fisher would have had the administrative ability or the tenacity to achieve the end .
no archbishop but fisher would have had the [managing] ability or the tenacity to achieve the end .

While Stone struggles to keep open the question as to whether more divorce produces an increase in the sum of human happiness , he is obviously uneasy about the way in which divorce has become a routine and largely administrative process .
while stone struggles to keep open the question as to whether more divorce produces an increase in the sum of human happiness , he is obviously uneasy about the way in which divorce has become a routine and largely [managing] process .

His most important theme is the way in which , uniquely among imperial powers , British concepts of masculinity — not least as fostered in public schools — had been redefined by 1914 in the perceived interest of imperial administrative efficiency ‘ to mean not sexual prowess and maturity , but sexual restraint ’ .
his most important theme is the way in which , uniquely among imperial powers , british concepts of masculinity — not least as fostered in public schools — had been redefined by 1914 in the perceived interest of imperial [managing] efficiency ‘ to mean not sexual prowess and maturity , but sexual restraint ’ .

The lack of administrative control from the centre during the Civil War together with a rapidly depreciating currency meant that taxation became a dwindling resource after 1917 .
the lack of [managing] control from the centre during the civil war together with a rapidly depreciating currency meant that taxation became a dwindling resource after 1917 .

Another important purpose was to use the village Soviets as gates through which peasants would enter into wider administrative experience and escape from the stifling parochialism of the mir and the skhod .
another important purpose was to use the village soviets as gates through which peasants would enter into wider [managing] experience and escape from the stifling parochialism of the mir and the skhod .

As in Nikol'skaia volost , all fifty-nine Poltava cells spent nearly all their time and energy on tax-collecting and expediting administrative directives from higher authorities .
as in nikol'skaia volost , all fifty-nine poltava cells spent nearly all their time and energy on tax-collecting and expediting [managing] directives from higher authorities .

The aim here is to look at its political and social repercussions and to set it in the wider context of central-local administrative relations .
the aim here is to look at its political and social repercussions and to set it in the wider context of central-local [managing] relations .

The main problems in the Volga region , however , lay more in the administrative than in the political domain .
the main problems in the volga region , however , lay more in the [managing] than in the political domain .

Light can be thrown on the administrative efficiency of this Commissariat ( Narkomzem ) by looking into the account of an inspection of it in early 1922 .
light can be thrown on the [managing] efficiency of this commissariat ( narkomzem ) by looking into the account of an inspection of it in early 1922 .

Frequent administrative changes ‘ created conditions for its progressive ( sic ) decline and to a kustar ’ development of communications ' ( it is interesting to note that ‘ kustar ' ’ had by then followed ‘ kulak ’ as a term of abuse ) .
frequent [managing] changes ‘ created conditions for its progressive ( sic ) decline and to a kustar ’ development of communications ' ( it is interesting to note that ‘ kustar ' ’ had by then followed ‘ kulak ’ as a term of abuse ) .

Others with more initiative from the administrative ranks had taken up farming .
others with more initiative from the [managing] ranks had taken up farming .

The rank and file pointed out that even skilled workshop men earned only 12 million roubles , but administrative heads got 45 million : ‘ it 's like the old monarchical structure .
the rank and file pointed out that even skilled workshop men earned only 12 million roubles , but [managing] heads got 45 million : ‘ it 's like the old monarchical structure .

The imposition of a severe censorship and the sacking of all hostile editors ( there were almost no spetsy in the press ) immediately upon the seizure of power in October 191 7 had ensured its smooth running from the political and administrative point of view .
the imposition of a severe censorship and the sacking of all hostile editors ( there were almost no spetsy in the press ) immediately upon the seizure of power in october 191 7 had ensured its smooth running from the political and [managing] point of view .

It was created in good part by the situation in the 1970s when a poor match developed between the pressure to lend from donors , and the administrative ability of the borrowing countries to ‘ receive ’ .
it was created in good part by the situation in the 1970s when a poor match developed between the pressure to lend from donors , and the [managing] ability of the borrowing countries to ‘ receive ’ .

Administrative and Publicity costs of the Appeal throughout Great Britain , Northern Ireland and Overseas
[managing] and publicity costs of the appeal throughout great britain , northern ireland and overseas

In 1945 there was immense confidence in the civic and administrative institutions of government .
in 1945 there was immense confidence in the civic and [managing] institutions of government .

This was partly through economic failure , partly because of structural changes like the growth of plant bargaining as opposed to national agreements , and the extreme difficulty industrial and administrative bodies had in imposing settlements on local wage conventions and work practices .
this was partly through economic failure , partly because of structural changes like the growth of plant bargaining as opposed to national agreements , and the extreme difficulty industrial and [managing] bodies had in imposing settlements on local wage conventions and work practices .

The first task consisted of formulating a view of society which was based on principles different from the traditional ones , according to which societies could be typified in terms of their administrative organization by using such terms as ‘ democracy ’ or ‘ monarchy ’ .
the first task consisted of formulating a view of society which was based on principles different from the traditional ones , according to which societies could be typified in terms of their [managing] organization by using such terms as ‘ democracy ’ or ‘ monarchy ’ .

In order to bypass this traditional way of seeing society , Marx turned away from administrative and political organization and tried to see society in different , more fundamental terms .
in order to bypass this traditional way of seeing society , marx turned away from [managing] and political organization and tried to see society in different , more fundamental terms .

Tory policies had brought only teacher shortages and administrative chaos .
tory policies had brought only teacher shortages and [managing] chaos .

Administrative support is inadequate , so that inspectors spend too much time on routine , low-level , clerical tasks .
[managing] support is inadequate , so that inspectors spend too much time on routine , low-level , clerical tasks .

‘ This way , organisations can develop a tightly knit , well-run inner core , which can form a secure , cost-effective administrative base .
‘ this way , organisations can develop a tightly knit , well-run inner core , which can form a secure , cost-effective [managing] base .

Mr Sheppard believes the task calls for accomplished generalists who know something of law , accounting , commercial practice , people management and administrative systems , without being confined to a narrow , specialist niche .
mr sheppard believes the task calls for accomplished generalists who know something of law , accounting , commercial practice , people management and [managing] systems , without being confined to a narrow , specialist niche .

The administrative receiver appointed , Touche Ross , was instrumental in persuading the Revenue to allow shareholders to write off the value of the shares against capital gains tax .
the [managing] receiver appointed , touche ross , was instrumental in persuading the revenue to allow shareholders to write off the value of the shares against capital gains tax .

Administrative means — like the block vote - have been used to solve political problems .
[managing] means — like the block vote - have been used to solve political problems .

Moreover , it would not require the high administrative and technical costs of road pricing .
moreover , it would not require the high [managing] and technical costs of road pricing .

No grant-aid was available for administrative work , of which Pateman 's salary represented the largest single item .
no grant-aid was available for [managing] work , of which pateman 's salary represented the largest single item .

On both occasions his injuries led to enforced absences during which Pateman generously assumed responsibility for much of the District 's administrative work .
on both occasions his injuries led to enforced absences during which pateman generously assumed responsibility for much of the district 's [managing] work .

From every standpoint , the initiatives taken by the Cambridge Board had been entirely beneficial : to students , LEAs and , not least , to the District which had been relieved of significant administrative and financial burdens .
from every standpoint , the initiatives taken by the cambridge board had been entirely beneficial : to students , leas and , not least , to the district which had been relieved of significant [managing] and financial burdens .

The status and functions … are rather obscure , and the administrative arrangements are complicated , to say the least .
the status and functions … are rather obscure , and the [managing] arrangements are complicated , to say the least .

Cambridgeshire has adopted in the Chevely area a federal solution by technically ‘ closing ’ ( say ) three schools and enlarging a fourth to operate as a single administrative unit for the four school populations on their own sites .
cambridgeshire has adopted in the chevely area a federal solution by technically ‘ closing ’ ( say ) three schools and enlarging a fourth to operate as a single [managing] unit for the four school populations on their own sites .

In those days , Ludlow was an important regional administrative centre for much of Wales and the arches .
in those days , ludlow was an important regional [managing] centre for much of wales and the arches .

Part of Lord Wilson 's legacy will include a phalanx of sinologists , plus a strong administrative team headed by Sir David Ford , the Chief Secretary .
part of lord wilson 's legacy will include a phalanx of sinologists , plus a strong [managing] team headed by sir david ford , the chief secretary .

Administration , Political and Administrative Establishment — within the change agent system and in the larger systems of which the change agent system is a sub-system , for example politicians and bureaucrats in local or national government within which the change agent system is located ;
administration , political and [managing] establishment — within the change agent system and in the larger systems of which the change agent system is a sub-system , for example politicians and bureaucrats in local or national government within which the change agent system is located ;

The administration and the external political and administrative establishment may see participation as a political end in itself , as well as a means to building coalitions for the political good of their establishment .
the administration and the external political and [managing] establishment may see participation as a political end in itself , as well as a means to building coalitions for the political good of their establishment .

Quick radical solutions to complex human , social , technical and economic problems in such areas can not be expected , but they can be greatly accelerated by the adoption of appropriate financial , administrative and educational systems .
quick radical solutions to complex human , social , technical and economic problems in such areas can not be expected , but they can be greatly accelerated by the adoption of appropriate financial , [managing] and educational systems .

At European community level , the designation of such areas depends as much on political and administrative factors as on more quantifiable criteria .
at european community level , the designation of such areas depends as much on political and [managing] factors as on more quantifiable criteria .

Feelings of alienation from government and administrative organisations are often acute , and expressions of hopelessness not uncommon .
feelings of alienation from government and [managing] organisations are often acute , and expressions of hopelessness not uncommon .

Legal and administrative institutions , paradoxically , often protect and promote the proliferation of ownership , absenteeism and the fragmentation of land common to the southern European regions .
legal and [managing] institutions , paradoxically , often protect and promote the proliferation of ownership , absenteeism and the fragmentation of land common to the southern european regions .

Institutions established outside the normal administrative structures having broad responsibilities for regional or area development provide at least a theoretical framework able to ensure a degree of coordination between sectoral government agencies .
institutions established outside the normal [managing] structures having broad responsibilities for regional or area development provide at least a theoretical framework able to ensure a degree of coordination between sectoral government agencies .

Of those which are more than mundane , or artefacts of administrative or file-keeping practices , some can be accounted for in terms of plausible expectations of the organizational models , others only indirectly so , and yet others more difficult to explain .
of those which are more than mundane , or artefacts of [managing] or file-keeping practices , some can be accounted for in terms of plausible expectations of the organizational models , others only indirectly so , and yet others more difficult to explain .

Combined with the federal structure of Germany this means that services are de-centralized as far as the political and administrative levels of national state ( Bundesstaat ) , federal state ( Land ) , district ( Kreis ) and local authority are concerned and additionally dispersed over an almost indescribable multiplicity of semi- and non-statutory organizations .
combined with the federal structure of germany this means that services are de-centralized as far as the political and [managing] levels of national state ( bundesstaat ) , federal state ( land ) , district ( kreis ) and local authority are concerned and additionally dispersed over an almost indescribable multiplicity of semi- and non-statutory organizations .

Citizens have recourse to the courts , administrative courts or social courts which have considerable constitutional significance in upholding the rights and entitlements of individuals as well as limiting the powers of the state ( Flamm , 1983 ) .
citizens have recourse to the courts , [managing] courts or social courts which have considerable constitutional significance in upholding the rights and entitlements of individuals as well as limiting the powers of the state ( flamm , 1983 ) .

Nevertheless , it is remarkable that despite administrative differences , the problems facing residential care in Flanders and the Netherlands and the recent changes in policy are very similar to those found in the United Kingdom .
nevertheless , it is remarkable that despite [managing] differences , the problems facing residential care in flanders and the netherlands and the recent changes in policy are very similar to those found in the united kingdom .

The term ‘ county ’ for an administrative area is still found in Europe and America today .
the term ‘ county ’ for an [managing] area is still found in europe and america today .

The Administrative Body may pass a resolution that it will not accept the ministry of a woman as a priest in the cathedral , or that it will not accept a woman as dean , or both .
the [managing] body may pass a resolution that it will not accept the ministry of a woman as a priest in the cathedral , or that it will not accept a woman as dean , or both .

’ The result has been a duplication of administrative personnel in a society that is ‘ already exhausted by the increase in its apparatus of officials ’ .
’ the result has been a duplication of [managing] personnel in a society that is ‘ already exhausted by the increase in its apparatus of officials ’ .

In that case , it has to take responsibility for allocating all foreign exchange to the users by administrative methods .
in that case , it has to take responsibility for allocating all foreign exchange to the users by [managing] methods .

Moreover , when one group of enterprises is given the privilege of retaining foreign exchange while others are obliged to apply for administrative allocations , which they know that they will frequently not receive , or to buy foreign exchange on the black market at a high price , the latter enterprises begin to think of all sorts of reasons why they too should receive part of the foreign exchange proceeds of exports .
moreover , when one group of enterprises is given the privilege of retaining foreign exchange while others are obliged to apply for [managing] allocations , which they know that they will frequently not receive , or to buy foreign exchange on the black market at a high price , the latter enterprises begin to think of all sorts of reasons why they too should receive part of the foreign exchange proceeds of exports .

But this elaborate system of administrative allocation was not applied in practice , because there was not enough foreign exchange to meet all the ‘ socially verified needs ’ .
but this elaborate system of [managing] allocation was not applied in practice , because there was not enough foreign exchange to meet all the ‘ socially verified needs ’ .

She deals with the many administrative jobs , thus giving the band time to work on their music , especially when they are not touring .
she deals with the many [managing] jobs , thus giving the band time to work on their music , especially when they are not touring .

‘ They 'll probably be kept back in some administrative area near roads .
‘ they 'll probably be kept back in some [managing] area near roads .

Outside the Company Office , Charles was given a walking stick and marched up and down the stone courtyard with other officers between the granary in which the platoons were barracked and long low buildings nearby , previously the administrative block and now being used for the same purpose in military terms .
outside the company office , charles was given a walking stick and marched up and down the stone courtyard with other officers between the granary in which the platoons were barracked and long low buildings nearby , previously the [managing] block and now being used for the same purpose in military terms .

Each object in a museum comprises a potential body of information , of both administrative and academic significance .
each object in a museum comprises a potential body of information , of both [managing] and academic significance .

The theory is that the user , not knowing the ‘ technical ’ description of the product , refers to it by its artificial title which becomes built into the administrative and ordering system , emerging as repeat orders for the supplier .
the theory is that the user , not knowing the ‘ technical ’ description of the product , refers to it by its artificial title which becomes built into the [managing] and ordering system , emerging as repeat orders for the supplier .

Determination of the type of supplier required , having regard for such factors as delivery arrangements , credit agreements , the need for technical support and the administrative convenience of single source supply , plus the supply area will considerably reduce the numbers of suppliers to be approached .
determination of the type of supplier required , having regard for such factors as delivery arrangements , credit agreements , the need for technical support and the [managing] convenience of single source supply , plus the supply area will considerably reduce the numbers of suppliers to be approached .

The possibility of postal misdelivery and of an administrative mishap at the suppliers ' office may be taken into account and it may be appropriate to send out reminders prior to the closing date .
the possibility of postal misdelivery and of an [managing] mishap at the suppliers ' office may be taken into account and it may be appropriate to send out reminders prior to the closing date .

While the practice of cleaning is the application of science , with its administrative back-up , the achievement of cleanliness is wholly a management function without which little can be accomplished . The fundamental requirements of good management in cleaning are the same as in any other work namely a manager needs to :
while the practice of cleaning is the application of science , with its [managing] back-up , the achievement of cleanliness is wholly a management function without which little can be accomplished . the fundamental requirements of good management in cleaning are the same as in any other work namely a manager needs to :

Control results from inspection and the interpretation of reports together with information derived from administrative sources .
control results from inspection and the interpretation of reports together with information derived from [managing] sources .

Provision , use or storage of a full range of chemicals or equipment and the provision of skilled labour raise supervisory , administrative or safety problems .
provision , use or storage of a full range of chemicals or equipment and the provision of skilled labour raise supervisory , [managing] or safety problems .

When purely environmentally-dictated policies ( such as forest closure or forcible destocking of pastures ) do not work because the social context has been analysed insufficiently , force is often contemplated ( or , in administrative language , better and tougher implementation and environmental protection ) .
when purely environmentally-dictated policies ( such as forest closure or forcible destocking of pastures ) do not work because the social context has been analysed insufficiently , force is often contemplated ( or , in [managing] language , better and tougher implementation and environmental protection ) .

Second , it was in the economic interests of the colonial ( and home ) administrations to persuade or force the cultivator to grow produce for the market either because it increased the cultivator 's taxability and therefore he/she could contribute to the infrastructural administrative and policing costs of the colony ; or , where settlers would or could not do the job , it would provide a source of cheap food for the mining workers , particularly in southern Africa .
second , it was in the economic interests of the colonial ( and home ) administrations to persuade or force the cultivator to grow produce for the market either because it increased the cultivator 's taxability and therefore he/she could contribute to the infrastructural [managing] and policing costs of the colony ; or , where settlers would or could not do the job , it would provide a source of cheap food for the mining workers , particularly in southern africa .

Senior civil servants have tremendous power , particularly where government is weak , changes are frequent , or their political leaders lack technical or administrative expertise ( or have misplaced confidence ! )
senior civil servants have tremendous power , particularly where government is weak , changes are frequent , or their political leaders lack technical or [managing] expertise ( or have misplaced confidence ! )

Second , this type of analysis shifts primary attention away from the preoccupation of conservation policy-makers , academics and consultants with institution-building , training government officers in environmental awareness , tightening up and rationalisation of administrative and legislative procedures .
second , this type of analysis shifts primary attention away from the preoccupation of conservation policy-makers , academics and consultants with institution-building , training government officers in environmental awareness , tightening up and rationalisation of [managing] and legislative procedures .

To blame irrational politicians , political constraints , administrative incompetence , or farmers ' traditional beliefs may ease the personal contradiction , but it is analytically naive .
to blame irrational politicians , political constraints , [managing] incompetence , or farmers ' traditional beliefs may ease the personal contradiction , but it is analytically naive .

It is to include design studios , exhibition facilities , a development and testing laboratory and administrative offices .
it is to include design studios , exhibition facilities , a development and testing laboratory and [managing] offices .

Above the reception is the professional team 's accommodation and administrative facilities .
above the reception is the professional team 's accommodation and [managing] facilities .

On 31 July 1988 , after eight months of unrest in the territories , King Husayn formally relinquished his claim to the West Bank , and initiated the administrative steps necessary to sever all those links which implied sovereignty or responsibility for the fate of the territory .
on 31 july 1988 , after eight months of unrest in the territories , king husayn formally relinquished his claim to the west bank , and initiated the [managing] steps necessary to sever all those links which implied sovereignty or responsibility for the fate of the territory .

In the administrative sphere it decided to operate through the traditional élites which had worked for the Jordanian government .
in the [managing] sphere it decided to operate through the traditional élites which had worked for the jordanian government .

The administrative arrangements and rules adopted for the experiment have been endorsed by the House for the permanent coverage , and so , for the time being , the House is televised and reported on television today in much the same way as during the experiment .
the [managing] arrangements and rules adopted for the experiment have been endorsed by the house for the permanent coverage , and so , for the time being , the house is televised and reported on television today in much the same way as during the experiment .

The Committee recommended that , pending further review , the somewhat complicated administrative and financial arrangements which were endorsed by the House and used during the experiment should continue until 31 July 1991 .
the committee recommended that , pending further review , the somewhat complicated [managing] and financial arrangements which were endorsed by the house and used during the experiment should continue until 31 july 1991 .

There are separate administrative arrangements for committees .
there are separate [managing] arrangements for committees .

Looking at the administrative and financial arrangements more generally , the diminution of political concern is remarkable .
looking at the [managing] and financial arrangements more generally , the diminution of political concern is remarkable .

Not , to be sure , the rapid changes in administrative structure , much though the results of sectorisation have been felt actually on the track .
not , to be sure , the rapid changes in [managing] structure , much though the results of sectorisation have been felt actually on the track .

And he observes in a flat parajournalistic way that Petersburg is ‘ the administrative centre of all Russia ’ .
and he observes in a flat parajournalistic way that petersburg is ‘ the [managing] centre of all russia ’ .

He also belongs for the reason suggested by Svidrigailov ; Petersburg is the administrative centre of Russia , and Porfiry occupies his position there as an official examining magistrate within the metropolitan and national legal system .
he also belongs for the reason suggested by svidrigailov ; petersburg is the [managing] centre of russia , and porfiry occupies his position there as an official examining magistrate within the metropolitan and national legal system .

The Audit Commission 's response to Government proposals for the council tax focuses mainly on administrative implications .
the audit commission 's response to government proposals for the council tax focuses mainly on [managing] implications .

The Commission believes that the abolition of the 20 % minimum contribution will ease the administrative burden , but notes that the consultation paper is vague on a number of administrative details .
the commission believes that the abolition of the 20 % minimum contribution will ease the [managing] burden , but notes that the consultation paper is vague on a number of [managing] details .

Nor does it make any statements about the costs of administrative and managerial change , or of the considerable developments in information technology which will be required to carry out some of its proposals .
nor does it make any statements about the costs of [managing] and managerial change , or of the considerable developments in information technology which will be required to carry out some of its proposals .

Age Concern welcomes the Government 's proposals to remove administrative barriers to people who wish to change general practitioners .
age concern welcomes the government 's proposals to remove [managing] barriers to people who wish to change general practitioners .

In oil , the main problem is administrative disruption following last June 's merger of the oil and gas industries and the switch to greater financial autonomy for individual production units , coupled with intended massive cutbacks in capital investment plans as the government seeks to balance its own books .
in oil , the main problem is [managing] disruption following last june 's merger of the oil and gas industries and the switch to greater financial autonomy for individual production units , coupled with intended massive cutbacks in capital investment plans as the government seeks to balance its own books .

The task of the academic is to teach and engage in research , and , if required , to take on administrative duties .
the task of the academic is to teach and engage in research , and , if required , to take on [managing] duties .

As a result , administrative arrangements can be countenanced which would be anathema to Hong Kong 's British rulers .
as a result , [managing] arrangements can be countenanced which would be anathema to hong kong 's british rulers .

But it was the spirit of Henley , with huge crowds enjoying amateur sport , presented with administrative finesse , which Keller took as the yardstick for the international circuit .
but it was the spirit of henley , with huge crowds enjoying amateur sport , presented with [managing] finesse , which keller took as the yardstick for the international circuit .

Women 's tennis has always had its administrative uncertainties .
women 's tennis has always had its [managing] uncertainties .

It would take an heroic leap of imagination to suppose that those same forestry services with a proven inability to manage just one product , timber , could presently perform the economic and administrative gymnastics necessary to fully value and manage forests for multiple benefits .
it would take an heroic leap of imagination to suppose that those same forestry services with a proven inability to manage just one product , timber , could presently perform the economic and [managing] gymnastics necessary to fully value and manage forests for multiple benefits .

The change in the figures appeared to be due to things like administrative convenience .
the change in the figures appeared to be due to things like [managing] convenience .

Women 's tennis has always had its administrative uncertainties .
women 's tennis has always had its [managing] uncertainties .

The near 50-page document told prospective buyers that there were certain administrative problems but that they were being sorted out by a consultant .
the near 50-page document told prospective buyers that there were certain [managing] problems but that they were being sorted out by a consultant .

The near 50-page document told prospective buyers that there were certain administrative problems but that they were being sorted out by a consultant .
the near 50-page document told prospective buyers that there were certain [managing] problems but that they were being sorted out by a consultant .

In 1982 , Kelly and Robert Rigney , chief administrative officer of San Bernardino county , persuaded the state to pay for a real building with isolators .
in 1982 , kelly and robert rigney , chief [managing] officer of san bernardino county , persuaded the state to pay for a real building with isolators .

Meanwhile , the development of administrative networks has intensified and tactics from counselling to cajoling have been employed , as the efficacy of the legal procedures and their sanctions in the fight against truancy increasingly comes to be doubted in some quarters .
meanwhile , the development of [managing] networks has intensified and tactics from counselling to cajoling have been employed , as the efficacy of the legal procedures and their sanctions in the fight against truancy increasingly comes to be doubted in some quarters .

Some leave it all to officers and concentrate on policy issues in council and committee meetings , whereas others wish to know details of particular cases and administrative decisions .
some leave it all to officers and concentrate on policy issues in council and committee meetings , whereas others wish to know details of particular cases and [managing] decisions .

Meanwhile the new regulations on provision of and access to information ( discussed in Chapter 5 ) will , in addition to raising levels of public accountability , increase the already substantial administrative burden resulting from the Act .
meanwhile the new regulations on provision of and access to information ( discussed in chapter 5 ) will , in addition to raising levels of public accountability , increase the already substantial [managing] burden resulting from the act .

Legal regulation tends to create administrative burdens , resentment and loss of self-esteem through the undermining of professional autonomy .
legal regulation tends to create [managing] burdens , resentment and loss of self-esteem through the undermining of professional autonomy .

The actual physical growth of the city helped this process , for many newer industries had been established in areas which lay outside the official boundaries but which became incorporated into the municipal administrative areas by the 1860s .
the actual physical growth of the city helped this process , for many newer industries had been established in areas which lay outside the official boundaries but which became incorporated into the municipal [managing] areas by the 1860s .

The church for its part acted as an administrative agency of colonial expansion and a major institution of social control .
the church for its part acted as an [managing] agency of colonial expansion and a major institution of social control .

The expropriated firms were run by an administrative council , made up of eleven members , five elected by the workers , five appointed by government , and a director appointed by the President .
the expropriated firms were run by an [managing] council , made up of eleven members , five elected by the workers , five appointed by government , and a director appointed by the president .

Of the workers ' representatives , three were elected from the shop floor , one from the administrative workers and one from the technicians , engineers and graduate staff .
of the workers ' representatives , three were elected from the shop floor , one from the [managing] workers and one from the technicians , engineers and graduate staff .

She performed her share of administrative duties efficiently .
she performed her share of [managing] duties efficiently .

Sometimes , we are forced to be members of one group rather than another ; in the British colony , Kenyans were ill those inhabitants excluded by the British from a share in political and administrative power , or at least that was the appearance .
sometimes , we are forced to be members of one group rather than another ; in the british colony , kenyans were ill those inhabitants excluded by the british from a share in political and [managing] power , or at least that was the appearance .

As we shall see subsequently , many of the revolts that become nationalist start as a reaction to increased centralization — administrative ( with increased taxation ) by the State and economic , by external markets .
as we shall see subsequently , many of the revolts that become nationalist start as a reaction to increased centralization — [managing] ( with increased taxation ) by the state and economic , by external markets .

The system of States does not now easily permit further fracturing , even though the associated processes of national economic development and administrative centralization continually stimulate forms of resistance , some of which are nationalist .
the system of states does not now easily permit further fracturing , even though the associated processes of national economic development and [managing] centralization continually stimulate forms of resistance , some of which are nationalist .

Between the Royal Burgh of Wick , the administrative centre on the east coast , and Thurso to the north , lies a fertile plain , stocked with the fine North Country Cheviot sheep for which Caithness is famous , and neat , well-tended fields of oats and barley .
between the royal burgh of wick , the [managing] centre on the east coast , and thurso to the north , lies a fertile plain , stocked with the fine north country cheviot sheep for which caithness is famous , and neat , well-tended fields of oats and barley .

After the end of the war Balivanich expanded as a ‘ military zone ’ , becoming the southern island 's administrative centre ; headquarters of Comhairle nan Eilean , the Outer Hebrides local government agency .
after the end of the war balivanich expanded as a ‘ military zone ’ , becoming the southern island 's [managing] centre ; headquarters of comhairle nan eilean , the outer hebrides local government agency .

Throughout a long history , Dent was the administrative , electoral and scholastic centre of a wide rural district but suffered a slow decline in importance with the founding and subsequent development of a large public school in neighbouring Sedbergh , pronounced Sedber .
throughout a long history , dent was the [managing] , electoral and scholastic centre of a wide rural district but suffered a slow decline in importance with the founding and subsequent development of a large public school in neighbouring sedbergh , pronounced sedber .

With the resulting growth there in shopping , commercial and residential facilities , Sedbergh took over the administrative responsibilities of the district in 1863 .
with the resulting growth there in shopping , commercial and residential facilities , sedbergh took over the [managing] responsibilities of the district in 1863 .

Thereupon Malone exercised his right of direct access under the Convention , with the first question for the European Court being whether the administrative arrangements in Britain ( which restrict privacy ) were ‘ in accordance with law ’ .
thereupon malone exercised his right of direct access under the convention , with the first question for the european court being whether the [managing] arrangements in britain ( which restrict privacy ) were ‘ in accordance with law ’ .

In contrast to the administrative procedures operating before 1986 , the Act authorizes warrants to be granted for preventing as well as detecting crime , thereby compromising the important question of principle identified by Dicey that ‘ preventive measures are inconsistent with the pervading principle of English law , that men are to be interfered with or punished , not because they may or will break the law , but only when they have committed some definite assignable legal offence ’ ( Dicey , 1959 : 249 ) .
in contrast to the [managing] procedures operating before 1986 , the act authorizes warrants to be granted for preventing as well as detecting crime , thereby compromising the important question of principle identified by dicey that ‘ preventive measures are inconsistent with the pervading principle of english law , that men are to be interfered with or punished , not because they may or will break the law , but only when they have committed some definite assignable legal offence ’ ( dicey , 1959 : 249 ) .

The Tribunal and the Commissioner Apart from the administrative safeguards referred to above , the Act introduces a remedy by way of a right of complaint to a quasi-judicial Tribunal .
the tribunal and the commissioner apart from the [managing] safeguards referred to above , the act introduces a remedy by way of a right of complaint to a quasi-judicial tribunal .

In fact , since Anisminic the courts have gone one step further and now presume that any error of law by an administrative tribunal is subject to review by the higher courts , even where there is an exclusion clause purporting to prevent such review .
in fact , since anisminic the courts have gone one step further and now presume that any error of law by an [managing] tribunal is subject to review by the higher courts , even where there is an exclusion clause purporting to prevent such review .

Yet despite this trend away from leaving sole jurisdiction with administrative tribunals , the Interception of Communications Act 1985 not only contains an exclusion clause to prevent review of the decisions of the Tribunal , but it contains one of unprecedented scope .
yet despite this trend away from leaving sole jurisdiction with [managing] tribunals , the interception of communications act 1985 not only contains an exclusion clause to prevent review of the decisions of the tribunal , but it contains one of unprecedented scope .

The law of contempt does not apply to reinforce the decisions of administrative tribunals .
the law of contempt does not apply to reinforce the decisions of [managing] tribunals .

To compound the problem , administrative chaos reigned .
to compound the problem , [managing] chaos reigned .

The distinction between capital and maintenance schemes can sometimes amount to little more than an administrative technicality , and as grants for capital schemes are reduced , there is a possibility that old-style capital works will be slipped by under the banner of maintenance .
the distinction between capital and maintenance schemes can sometimes amount to little more than an [managing] technicality , and as grants for capital schemes are reduced , there is a possibility that old-style capital works will be slipped by under the banner of maintenance .

Much of Barbarossa 's continual political conflict was connected to administrative matters of this sort .
much of barbarossa 's continual political conflict was connected to [managing] matters of this sort .

It is a matter for debate whether the introduction of further administrative duties is justified in terms of the dimensions of the problem being dealt with .
it is a matter for debate whether the introduction of further [managing] duties is justified in terms of the dimensions of the problem being dealt with .

The British government argued , first , that such a change would have the effect of forcing them to adopt a type of system for documenting civil status which would have considerable administrative consequences and would impose new duties on the population .
the british government argued , first , that such a change would have the effect of forcing them to adopt a type of system for documenting civil status which would have considerable [managing] consequences and would impose new duties on the population .

The chapters in this book deliberately provide a balance between experts with direct political or administrative experience of the areas they describe ( such as Nick Raynsford and David Mallen ) and academic observers .
the chapters in this book deliberately provide a balance between experts with direct political or [managing] experience of the areas they describe ( such as nick raynsford and david mallen ) and academic observers .

Several contributors have both political/ administrative and academic credentials .
several contributors have both political/ [managing] and academic credentials .

an artificial ‘ administrative definition relating to contacts with particular institutions of the state and welfare agencies , social workers , the police etc . ’ ;
an artificial ‘ [managing] definition relating to contacts with particular institutions of the state and welfare agencies , social workers , the police etc . ’ ;

That Durham were able to make such a smooth start to their first-class life was an administrative triumph , and the fact that a fresh pile of membership applications arrived daily on the desk of the chief executive , Mike Gear , was its own tribute .
that durham were able to make such a smooth start to their first-class life was an [managing] triumph , and the fact that a fresh pile of membership applications arrived daily on the desk of the chief executive , mike gear , was its own tribute .

Legally , you can not be forced to pay your bills by direct debit but a company may not be willing to have your business if it conflicts with its administrative practices .
legally , you can not be forced to pay your bills by direct debit but a company may not be willing to have your business if it conflicts with its [managing] practices .

In such circumstances , it seemed surprising that the Report should recommend the repeal of the Obscene Publications Act and consequent decriminalisation of all forms of publication other than those narrowly defined as causing actual harm to performers , whilst urging for films , and films alone , the continuation of an administrative system of prior restraint .
in such circumstances , it seemed surprising that the report should recommend the repeal of the obscene publications act and consequent decriminalisation of all forms of publication other than those narrowly defined as causing actual harm to performers , whilst urging for films , and films alone , the continuation of an [managing] system of prior restraint .

The Street — Once the centre of the Castle 's domestic and administrative life containing the Brewhouse , Bakery and Laundry .
the street — once the centre of the castle 's domestic and [managing] life containing the brewhouse , bakery and laundry .

The hill was occupied and fortified as a major administrative centre in the Iron Age , being the largest of its kind in the region .
the hill was occupied and fortified as a major [managing] centre in the iron age , being the largest of its kind in the region .

Which prime minister was previously secretary of state for administrative affairs ?
which prime minister was previously secretary of state for [managing] affairs ?

In plain English it is more important , in an administrative context , to be seen to be doing something about a politically generated agenda of problems than it is to examine critically the agenda itself .
in plain english it is more important , in an [managing] context , to be seen to be doing something about a politically generated agenda of problems than it is to examine critically the agenda itself .

Underpinning government faith in UDCs is the belief that a single-minded agency with limited objectives , using streamlined administrative procedures and free from political ambiguity is better placed than local authorities to turn round a closely defined area ( Adcock , 1984 ) .
underpinning government faith in udcs is the belief that a single-minded agency with limited objectives , using streamlined [managing] procedures and free from political ambiguity is better placed than local authorities to turn round a closely defined area ( adcock , 1984 ) .

First , there are administrative costs incurred by individuals and firms as they attempt to adjust to the new set of prices .
first , there are [managing] costs incurred by individuals and firms as they attempt to adjust to the new set of prices .

We mentioned above that inflation creates additional administrative costs to households and firms , both in the search for the most favourably priced goods and in the time and effort involved in determining and disseminating new prices .
we mentioned above that inflation creates additional [managing] costs to households and firms , both in the search for the most favourably priced goods and in the time and effort involved in determining and disseminating new prices .

‘ All members of staff with any supervisory responsibilities also have training responsibilities . The overall training plan is coordinated by myself ( Chief Administrative and Training Officer ) , approximately 50% of time in training and development , and the training sub-committee , whose members change regularly , drawn from all members of staff ’ , and it was interesting to note a few groups apparently in their infancy , not all of which were in the larger authorities :
‘ all members of staff with any supervisory responsibilities also have training responsibilities . the overall training plan is coordinated by myself ( chief [managing] and training officer ) , approximately 50% of time in training and development , and the training sub-committee , whose members change regularly , drawn from all members of staff ’ , and it was interesting to note a few groups apparently in their infancy , not all of which were in the larger authorities :

Evangelistic , preaching , discipling , teaching , counselling , organising and co-ordinating , administrative , youth work , service .
evangelistic , preaching , discipling , teaching , counselling , organising and co-ordinating , [managing] , youth work , service .

Poles were appointed to administrative posts in local government , and the law courts attempted to accommodate requests for the use of the Polish language .
poles were appointed to [managing] posts in local government , and the law courts attempted to accommodate requests for the use of the polish language .

The Congress of Vienna returned Danzig to the Prussians , and for a short while it functioned as the administrative capital of West Prussia , with a corresponding growth in civil servants and officials .
the congress of vienna returned danzig to the prussians , and for a short while it functioned as the [managing] capital of west prussia , with a corresponding growth in civil servants and officials .

In 1819 , when Danzig had been the provincial capital for only three years , and for reasons that are unclear , the Prussians moved the function of administrative capital to Königsberg .
in 1819 , when danzig had been the provincial capital for only three years , and for reasons that are unclear , the prussians moved the function of [managing] capital to königsberg .

The Danzig administrative district had a total population of 315,281 Germans , 9,491 Poles , 2,124 Kaszubes and 3,021 assorted bilingual and other peoples .
the danzig [managing] district had a total population of 315,281 germans , 9,491 poles , 2,124 kaszubes and 3,021 assorted bilingual and other peoples .

That safety valve might operate by way of an administrative procedure , calling for no external judgements as to whether nor not ‘ breakdown ’ had occurred .
that safety valve might operate by way of an [managing] procedure , calling for no external judgements as to whether nor not ‘ breakdown ’ had occurred .

To say he was both administrative and executive officer to the family — and legal adviser — would be nearer the mark .
to say he was both [managing] and executive officer to the family — and legal adviser — would be nearer the mark .

To attempt to calculate the cost for the long-stay psychogeriatric wards in the particular hospitals in the project would have involved an observational study of all the staff who had an input , for example doctors , nurses , occupational therapists , social workers , community psychiatric nurses , etc to see how much time they spent directly with the patients in the long-stay wards and how much time they spent indirectly in work connected with these patients such as in case conferences , meetings , administrative work , telephone calls and so on .
to attempt to calculate the cost for the long-stay psychogeriatric wards in the particular hospitals in the project would have involved an observational study of all the staff who had an input , for example doctors , nurses , occupational therapists , social workers , community psychiatric nurses , etc to see how much time they spent directly with the patients in the long-stay wards and how much time they spent indirectly in work connected with these patients such as in case conferences , meetings , [managing] work , telephone calls and so on .

They developed detailed training proposals ( eg on mental frailty among elderly people , on dementia , on services available , on health and safety at work , on confidentiality , on employment and administrative matters , on incontinence , and on diet ) .
they developed detailed training proposals ( eg on mental frailty among elderly people , on dementia , on services available , on health and safety at work , on confidentiality , on employment and [managing] matters , on incontinence , and on diet ) .

Later Justices of the Peace were appointed and as time passed they were given administrative as well as judicial duties to perform .
later justices of the peace were appointed and as time passed they were given [managing] as well as judicial duties to perform .

The Justices sat in session quarterly and these ‘ Quarter Sessions ’ dealt with both judicial and administrative matters .
the justices sat in session quarterly and these ‘ quarter sessions ’ dealt with both judicial and [managing] matters .

On the formation of county councils in 1888 the administrative functions of Quarter Sessions passed to the county councils leaving only the judicial functions of Quarter Sessions to the Justices .
on the formation of county councils in 1888 the [managing] functions of quarter sessions passed to the county councils leaving only the judicial functions of quarter sessions to the justices .

There are , however , traces still remaining of administrative functions , e.g .
there are , however , traces still remaining of [managing] functions , e.g .

Thus the general pattern is that any place in England and Wales ( other than the London Boroughs and some Metropolitan Districts ) has at least two councils and possibly three , a situation which many consider to be wasteful in terms of administrative costs .
thus the general pattern is that any place in england and wales ( other than the london boroughs and some metropolitan districts ) has at least two councils and possibly three , a situation which many consider to be wasteful in terms of [managing] costs .

Greater London , that is the Administrative County of London , virtually the whole of the former County of Middlesex and certain areas formerly in Essex , Hertfordshire , Kent and Surrey , is governed by 32 London Boroughs .
greater london , that is the [managing] county of london , virtually the whole of the former county of middlesex and certain areas formerly in essex , hertfordshire , kent and surrey , is governed by 32 london boroughs .

County Councils precept upon district councils , which are the rating authorities , within the area of the administrative county to meet the cost of those services which the County Council administer .
county councils precept upon district councils , which are the rating authorities , within the area of the [managing] county to meet the cost of those services which the county council administer .

Maladministration is not defined , but it is usually taken to mean administrative action ( or inaction ) which has led to unfairness to a member of the public .
maladministration is not defined , but it is usually taken to mean [managing] action ( or inaction ) which has led to unfairness to a member of the public .

He is the chief executive and administrative officer of the local authority , and it is to him in the end that the council must turn to see that the decisions of the council are executed .
he is the chief executive and [managing] officer of the local authority , and it is to him in the end that the council must turn to see that the decisions of the council are executed .

The person appointed should be chosen for his administrative ability and a legal qualification , although extremely useful , is not essential .
the person appointed should be chosen for his [managing] ability and a legal qualification , although extremely useful , is not essential .

When the Civil Service proceeded to the first comprehensive retirement programme in the 1850s , the justification for imposing the cowardly administrative convenience of an age barrier was how invidious it would have been to attempt any form of assessment .
when the civil service proceeded to the first comprehensive retirement programme in the 1850s , the justification for imposing the cowardly [managing] convenience of an age barrier was how invidious it would have been to attempt any form of assessment .

The conference is being organised by Dr. Tony Aronstam , consultant haematologist-HIV-coordinator at the hospital , and Tricia Vaughan , administrative assistant .
the conference is being organised by dr. tony aronstam , consultant haematologist-hiv-coordinator at the hospital , and tricia vaughan , [managing] assistant .

In the world of hockey , fourth elevens tend to encapsulate competition tempered by good humour and , to a relatively high degree , good sportsmanship . To captain such an eleven is an administrative trial — but also a privilege , some say , at least !
in the world of hockey , fourth elevens tend to encapsulate competition tempered by good humour and , to a relatively high degree , good sportsmanship . to captain such an eleven is an [managing] trial — but also a privilege , some say , at least !

They had seen the recent administrative past and it had worked .
they had seen the recent [managing] past and it had worked .

Cabinet business always involves a mixture of political and specialist ( or administrative ) considerations .
cabinet business always involves a mixture of political and specialist ( or [managing] ) considerations .

When the new manager arrived at Highbury he made administrative changes which deprived Arsenal 's fifty voluntary workers — mostly schoolteachers acting as stewards and programme sellers — of various perks .
when the new manager arrived at highbury he made [managing] changes which deprived arsenal 's fifty voluntary workers — mostly schoolteachers acting as stewards and programme sellers — of various perks .

( In later years , as paperwork increased , the two roles were separated , Bob Wall , Chapman 's former administrative assistant , becoming secretary in 1956 . )
( in later years , as paperwork increased , the two roles were separated , bob wall , chapman 's former [managing] assistant , becoming secretary in 1956 . )

Secondly , there are administrative and logistic problems about selecting from the very large numbers of catalogues available , and many librarians prefer to select from a single bibliographical source ( see Chapter 8 ) , cross-checking to publishers ' catalogues if more details about particular titles are needed .
secondly , there are [managing] and logistic problems about selecting from the very large numbers of catalogues available , and many librarians prefer to select from a single bibliographical source ( see chapter 8 ) , cross-checking to publishers ' catalogues if more details about particular titles are needed .

This may well be the most effective answer to the problem of low-interest categories , and it is perhaps surprising that so few library authorities operate circulating collections — even given the administrative problems involved .
this may well be the most effective answer to the problem of low-interest categories , and it is perhaps surprising that so few library authorities operate circulating collections — even given the [managing] problems involved .

In fixing frequency of circulation , acquisition costs of the book should be measured against the total administrative costs ( especially transport ) of circulation — the latter not to exceed the former .
in fixing frequency of circulation , acquisition costs of the book should be measured against the total [managing] costs ( especially transport ) of circulation — the latter not to exceed the former .

In the Tottenham system , which is bibliographically based , administrative duties are separated from bibliographical duties and carried out by non-professional staff from an administrative division .
in the tottenham system , which is bibliographically based , [managing] duties are separated from bibliographical duties and carried out by non-professional staff from an [managing] division .

McClellan feels that the advantages to the librarian of this arrangement are that he is able to exercise constantly all his professional skills and avoid being bogged down by a heavy burden of administrative routine .
mcclellan feels that the advantages to the librarian of this arrangement are that he is able to exercise constantly all his professional skills and avoid being bogged down by a heavy burden of [managing] routine .

Of all the problems dealt with , the solving of debt problems probably has the most dramatic effect for funders : for Government and local authorities the cost of personal insolvency can be immense if not properly handled ; at the same time the work done by bureaux must be saving private companies considerable sums in legal and administrative costs and in reducing their proportion of ‘ bad debts ’ .
of all the problems dealt with , the solving of debt problems probably has the most dramatic effect for funders : for government and local authorities the cost of personal insolvency can be immense if not properly handled ; at the same time the work done by bureaux must be saving private companies considerable sums in legal and [managing] costs and in reducing their proportion of ‘ bad debts ’ .

Many advisers were desperate for more space : the bureau general office being too crowded with administrative workers who should have their own area ; they wanted easy access to the information system without too much clutter ; some suggested that the telephone adviser should be in a separate area and a separate receptionist area be allocated , and a coffee machine be available for clients .
many advisers were desperate for more space : the bureau general office being too crowded with [managing] workers who should have their own area ; they wanted easy access to the information system without too much clutter ; some suggested that the telephone adviser should be in a separate area and a separate receptionist area be allocated , and a coffee machine be available for clients .

The bureau runs on a small staff of two full-time workers , four part-time advice workers , one part-time administrative worker and four part-time volunteers .
the bureau runs on a small staff of two full-time workers , four part-time advice workers , one part-time [managing] worker and four part-time volunteers .

The bureaux were impatient to receive them but the administrative task of splitting the despatch into several stages would have been enormous and costly .
the bureaux were impatient to receive them but the [managing] task of splitting the despatch into several stages would have been enormous and costly .

administrative department of the old Court of Chancery .
[managing] department of the old court of chancery .

There were noticeable omissions in some areas , primarily those concerned with administrative tasks .
there were noticeable omissions in some areas , primarily those concerned with [managing] tasks .

The majority of College finance is provided by central government grants , which are divided at local level into that required to provide central administrative and support services , and that used to finance the College operations , allocated on a pro-rata basis to individual establishments dependent on the level of course provision and student numbers .
the majority of college finance is provided by central government grants , which are divided at local level into that required to provide central [managing] and support services , and that used to finance the college operations , allocated on a pro-rata basis to individual establishments dependent on the level of course provision and student numbers .

Indirect Support Resources — Administrative and clerical staff , central support technicians , cleaning and catering staff , grounds and building maintenance implications , etc .
indirect support resources — [managing] and clerical staff , central support technicians , cleaning and catering staff , grounds and building maintenance implications , etc .

As with all systems exercises , because the model does not reflect functional groupings that have evolved for administrative convenience or other reasons , making the link between the model and the organisation was problematic .
as with all systems exercises , because the model does not reflect functional groupings that have evolved for [managing] convenience or other reasons , making the link between the model and the organisation was problematic .

Within this structure , the legislation would require an enhancement of the finance and personnel functions , and recognition of the increased responsibilities of College Administrative Officers , especially in relation to the servicing of the new Governing Bodies .
within this structure , the legislation would require an enhancement of the finance and personnel functions , and recognition of the increased responsibilities of college [managing] officers , especially in relation to the servicing of the new governing bodies .

To recognise the increased responsibilities that Colleges would assume for finance , personnel and local administrative matters , the related functions that existed before the Act took effect would need strengthening .
to recognise the increased responsibilities that colleges would assume for finance , personnel and local [managing] matters , the related functions that existed before the act took effect would need strengthening .

However , activities concerned with the development of income sources ( eg business functions ) , whilst dependent on the administrative services for day-to-day support and information , and overlapping the business activities of some teaching departments , are primarily concerned with the interface between the College and potential income suppliers , eg public and private sector employers , government agencies etc , and the public .
however , activities concerned with the development of income sources ( eg business functions ) , whilst dependent on the [managing] services for day-to-day support and information , and overlapping the business activities of some teaching departments , are primarily concerned with the interface between the college and potential income suppliers , eg public and private sector employers , government agencies etc , and the public .

Representation of the support functions would be accomplished by nominating a ‘ Support Executive ’ from those officers who would be responsible for the revised finance , personnel or administrative groups .
representation of the support functions would be accomplished by nominating a ‘ support executive ’ from those officers who would be responsible for the revised finance , personnel or [managing] groups .

Examine the existing administrative and clerical responsibilities to determine how the new functional groupings of finance , personnel , and administration could be achieved , together with support service representation at executive level .
examine the existing [managing] and clerical responsibilities to determine how the new functional groupings of finance , personnel , and administration could be achieved , together with support service representation at executive level .

Determine the grades to be applied for revised posts that would assume responsibility for all financial and cost-control matters , for personnel , and for enhanced administrative support .
determine the grades to be applied for revised posts that would assume responsibility for all financial and cost-control matters , for personnel , and for enhanced [managing] support .

Review the effect of these changes in relation to administrative and clerical staff overall , at the same time considering the potential advantages of reallocating those posts that provide direct support for teaching departments .
review the effect of these changes in relation to [managing] and clerical staff overall , at the same time considering the potential advantages of reallocating those posts that provide direct support for teaching departments .

The claim forms for each section are checked and totalled by administrative assistants , and totals transferred to section registers for record purposes .
the claim forms for each section are checked and totalled by [managing] assistants , and totals transferred to section registers for record purposes .

Secondly , a number of views of this procedure can be considered relevant , eg from the point of view of the individual who is concerned with the speedy settlement of claims , the administrative assistant who checks the claims for errors , and the boss who is concerned with the effect on his status if a large number of false claims were to be made , and discovered outside the section . An uncontentious view could give rise to a conceptual model ( Fig 13.8 ) that reflects the actual procedures followed , based on the transformation :
secondly , a number of views of this procedure can be considered relevant , eg from the point of view of the individual who is concerned with the speedy settlement of claims , the [managing] assistant who checks the claims for errors , and the boss who is concerned with the effect on his status if a large number of false claims were to be made , and discovered outside the section . an uncontentious view could give rise to a conceptual model ( fig 13.8 ) that reflects the actual procedures followed , based on the transformation :

time of administrative assistant
time of [managing] assistant

Administrative assistant — the accuracy of the checking procedure , ie the number of errors undetected at this stage that could be referred back by the personnel section or the finance department .
[managing] assistant — the accuracy of the checking procedure , ie the number of errors undetected at this stage that could be referred back by the personnel section or the finance department .

To test this particular application of Procedure Audit , a monitoring process was established in a section of thirty persons , and the administrative assistant briefed to record the number of queries referred back over a period of two months .
to test this particular application of procedure audit , a monitoring process was established in a section of thirty persons , and the [managing] assistant briefed to record the number of queries referred back over a period of two months .

The chosen organisation was a local authority that had participated in earlier developments , but this time the study examined the problems that had arisen in the Highways and the planning departments following the establishment of a common unit providing both with financial , administrative , personnel and computer support .
the chosen organisation was a local authority that had participated in earlier developments , but this time the study examined the problems that had arisen in the highways and the planning departments following the establishment of a common unit providing both with financial , [managing] , personnel and computer support .

Some of these responsibilities were undertaken as agents of the central government Department of Transport , with agency arrangements also in force with District Councils in the corresponding administrative area .
some of these responsibilities were undertaken as agents of the central government department of transport , with agency arrangements also in force with district councils in the corresponding [managing] area .

He is certainly the administrative head of a large organization which is responsible for the statistics , but he does not collect data personally from even one household .
he is certainly the [managing] head of a large organization which is responsible for the statistics , but he does not collect data personally from even one household .

Given these ‘ administrative ’ problems of the informal interview , what advantages and disadvantages does it have ?
given these ‘ [managing] ’ problems of the informal interview , what advantages and disadvantages does it have ?

The expansion of the police administrative staff guaranteed a faster route to the top for those who were drafted in as clerks .
the expansion of the police [managing] staff guaranteed a faster route to the top for those who were drafted in as clerks .

Chief Constable Caldwell is supposed to have never actually served on the beat — being recruited directly into the administrative apparatus and rising quickly within it .
chief constable caldwell is supposed to have never actually served on the beat — being recruited directly into the [managing] apparatus and rising quickly within it .

It is perhaps not to be wondered that when the clouds of war then appeared , those in high places turned a speculative eye on this , the greatest privately-owned railway organisation in the world , with facilities and space , equipped in a wide range , from precision tools to mighty hammers , forges , foundries , and a tradition of skilled craftsmanship grafted to modern organisational and administrative ability , for a possible source of production of the sinews of war .
it is perhaps not to be wondered that when the clouds of war then appeared , those in high places turned a speculative eye on this , the greatest privately-owned railway organisation in the world , with facilities and space , equipped in a wide range , from precision tools to mighty hammers , forges , foundries , and a tradition of skilled craftsmanship grafted to modern organisational and [managing] ability , for a possible source of production of the sinews of war .

by distracting the teachers from issues of the quality of delivery to administrative , bureaucratic issues , with priority given to meetings , form-filling and planning of a kind that fails to impact on the quality of the classroom .
by distracting the teachers from issues of the quality of delivery to [managing] , bureaucratic issues , with priority given to meetings , form-filling and planning of a kind that fails to impact on the quality of the classroom .

Many of the costs are hidden in the time of teachers who are distracted from their primary task by the managerial and administrative requirements of examinations .
many of the costs are hidden in the time of teachers who are distracted from their primary task by the managerial and [managing] requirements of examinations .

In those areas , where in the interests of equity and efficiency , local management being extended to all schools , the small primary school will have the same range of managerial and administrative responsibilities as the large secondary school .
in those areas , where in the interests of equity and efficiency , local management being extended to all schools , the small primary school will have the same range of managerial and [managing] responsibilities as the large secondary school .

The Parliamentary Commissioner Act of 1967 established the office of Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration , whose main task is to investigate complaints of citizens who claim to have suffered injustice in consequence of maladministration by central government departments , which include the Health and Safety Executive and the Department of the Environment , in the exercise of their administrative functions .
the parliamentary commissioner act of 1967 established the office of parliamentary commissioner for administration , whose main task is to investigate complaints of citizens who claim to have suffered injustice in consequence of maladministration by central government departments , which include the health and safety executive and the department of the environment , in the exercise of their [managing] functions .

Maladministration refers to the way in which decisions have been taken covering administrative action or inaction based on or influenced by improper considerations or conduct .
maladministration refers to the way in which decisions have been taken covering [managing] action or inaction based on or influenced by improper considerations or conduct .

Unless local government is organized to meet the needs of the future , and in particular is organized in units large enough to match the technical and administrative requirements of the services which it administers , its powers must diminish , and with it the power of local democracy … Radical change is overdue .
unless local government is organized to meet the needs of the future , and in particular is organized in units large enough to match the technical and [managing] requirements of the services which it administers , its powers must diminish , and with it the power of local democracy … radical change is overdue .

And in Scotland and Wales because there were no equivalents to the metropolitan districts , major urban centres were left as part of much bigger administrative areas with which they sometimes had little in common .
and in scotland and wales because there were no equivalents to the metropolitan districts , major urban centres were left as part of much bigger [managing] areas with which they sometimes had little in common .

Information can be made available more easily through computer links without the need for a significant layer of intervening administrative bureaucrats or middle managers .
information can be made available more easily through computer links without the need for a significant layer of intervening [managing] bureaucrats or middle managers .

This situation can be contrasted with the 1950s and 1960s when , under the boom conditions of Keynesian economic management and social-democratic political consensus , local government was largely free of detailed financial or administrative control .
this situation can be contrasted with the 1950s and 1960s when , under the boom conditions of keynesian economic management and social-democratic political consensus , local government was largely free of detailed financial or [managing] control .

And within this relationship local authorities were seen as decentralized administrative agents , acting at the behest of the centre .
and within this relationship local authorities were seen as decentralized [managing] agents , acting at the behest of the centre .

Thus if Davies and Dennis had been studying other cities with different political and administrative structures , they would have found different results — as would Saunders and Newton !
thus if davies and dennis had been studying other cities with different political and [managing] structures , they would have found different results — as would saunders and newton !

Research stressed political and administrative factors in isolation and never succeeded in analysing the way local politics are linked to wider social and economic processes .
research stressed political and [managing] factors in isolation and never succeeded in analysing the way local politics are linked to wider social and economic processes .

for those on the radical left , the state , and of course the local state , came to be seen as a site of competing political interests rather than as a neutral set of administrative institutions .
for those on the radical left , the state , and of course the local state , came to be seen as a site of competing political interests rather than as a neutral set of [managing] institutions .

The government set about ‘ freeing private enterprise ’ through a number of legislative and administrative changes , the major ones seeing the introduction of Enterprise Zones ( EZs ) , Urban Development Corporations ( UDCs ) and Freeports .
the government set about ‘ freeing private enterprise ’ through a number of legislative and [managing] changes , the major ones seeing the introduction of enterprise zones ( ezs ) , urban development corporations ( udcs ) and freeports .

The new initiatives suffer from all the financial , administrative and geographical problems which affect the traditional approaches .
the new initiatives suffer from all the financial , [managing] and geographical problems which affect the traditional approaches .

administrative and clerical staff ;
[managing] and clerical staff ;

There may however be some value in spending more on administrative and other support for staff in and out of the classroom .
there may however be some value in spending more on [managing] and other support for staff in and out of the classroom .

Computers and information technology will cope with much of the drudgery , but schools will need a finance officer ( who may be one of the existing administrative staff with extra training ) .
computers and information technology will cope with much of the drudgery , but schools will need a finance officer ( who may be one of the existing [managing] staff with extra training ) .

The possible effect of this increased workload combined with the pressure on schools to find ‘ economies ’ to help them live within their budgets , might be to reduce the already meagre levels of clerical/ administrative support available to classroom teachers .
the possible effect of this increased workload combined with the pressure on schools to find ‘ economies ’ to help them live within their budgets , might be to reduce the already meagre levels of clerical/ [managing] support available to classroom teachers .

Administrative staff have been offered additional hours and upgraded posts .
[managing] staff have been offered additional hours and upgraded posts .

‘ Switching 5 per cent of teachers ’ salaries to buy more administrative or technical staff would improve/worsen performance . ’
‘ switching 5 per cent of teachers ’ salaries to buy more [managing] or technical staff would improve/worsen performance . ’

The existence of different laws , regulations and administrative requirements in the field of establishment and services has the practical effect that the Community market remains partitioned and compartmentalised .
the existence of different laws , regulations and [managing] requirements in the field of establishment and services has the practical effect that the community market remains partitioned and compartmentalised .

The Commission is the administrative authority charged with the primary enforcement of Articles 85 and 86 .
the commission is the [managing] authority charged with the primary enforcement of articles 85 and 86 .

In 1987 , 2.16 million summonses were issued under this Administrative Default Procedure , two thirds of which were for less than £500 — there were only 1.98 million in 1983 .
in 1987 , 2.16 million summonses were issued under this [managing] default procedure , two thirds of which were for less than £500 — there were only 1.98 million in 1983 .

Royal Society 's study group report on risk assessment is a tough read ; For example , ‘ At the administrative level , there is a need to acknowledge the validity of public perceptions , while at the same time purveying the fullest information on objective risk estimates , not least because these data form a major component of the public 's perceptions , ’ But it concentrates the mind and , of course , it deals with every activity of man .
royal society 's study group report on risk assessment is a tough read ; for example , ‘ at the [managing] level , there is a need to acknowledge the validity of public perceptions , while at the same time purveying the fullest information on objective risk estimates , not least because these data form a major component of the public 's perceptions , ’ but it concentrates the mind and , of course , it deals with every activity of man .

The opening of a score of nuclear sites in some six years by conventional administrative procedures alone was inconceivable .
the opening of a score of nuclear sites in some six years by conventional [managing] procedures alone was inconceivable .

The need was to pick out those people who could skilfully and accurately follow instructions and do low-level clerical and administrative jobs for the metropolitan country .
the need was to pick out those people who could skilfully and accurately follow instructions and do low-level clerical and [managing] jobs for the metropolitan country .

Although Smith 's contemporaries held him in high regard for his remarkable administrative skill and consummate powers of conciliation , few had any understanding of his real scientific achievement until the Academy 's prize brought him posthumous international recognition .
although smith 's contemporaries held him in high regard for his remarkable [managing] skill and consummate powers of conciliation , few had any understanding of his real scientific achievement until the academy 's prize brought him posthumous international recognition .

But the real decisions will come in June , at one of a series of meetings held under the auspices of the World Administrative Radio Conference .
but the real decisions will come in june , at one of a series of meetings held under the auspices of the world [managing] radio conference .

The central theme of the Unit 's philosophy is that there is only one science , no matter how finely disciplines have become subdivided ( largely for administrative purposes ) over the years , and so we look for those research proposals which are naturally and freely expressed .
the central theme of the unit 's philosophy is that there is only one science , no matter how finely disciplines have become subdivided ( largely for [managing] purposes ) over the years , and so we look for those research proposals which are naturally and freely expressed .

The problem stems from the 1979 World Administrative Radio Conference , which was held in Geneva .
the problem stems from the 1979 world [managing] radio conference , which was held in geneva .

The cerebellum is located at the top of the brainstem below the cerebrum , and works as a sort of administrative computer regulating the rate , sequence and force of motor movements .
the cerebellum is located at the top of the brainstem below the cerebrum , and works as a sort of [managing] computer regulating the rate , sequence and force of motor movements .

Their development and their curriculum are often conditioned by practical and administrative problems .
their development and their curriculum are often conditioned by practical and [managing] problems .

Since , however , we are as we are , there are conflicts to resolve , lack of understanding , preoccupation with irrelevancies ( mostly administrative ones ) and at worst , disinterest and corruption .
since , however , we are as we are , there are conflicts to resolve , lack of understanding , preoccupation with irrelevancies ( mostly [managing] ones ) and at worst , disinterest and corruption .

For allocation of resources is an area where conservatism of approach ( 'each child must have a textbook ' ) tends to combine with administrative convenience and often with the commercial interests of publishers and suppliers to ensure that limited financial resources available to schools are not used to their best advantage .
for allocation of resources is an area where conservatism of approach ( 'each child must have a textbook ' ) tends to combine with [managing] convenience and often with the commercial interests of publishers and suppliers to ensure that limited financial resources available to schools are not used to their best advantage .

The administrative context
the [managing] context

This involves a very considerable degree of planning and administrative skill together with sufficient maturity at both local and national level to recognise what can be devolved and what should be maintained as a national concern .
this involves a very considerable degree of planning and [managing] skill together with sufficient maturity at both local and national level to recognise what can be devolved and what should be maintained as a national concern .

the Nigerian ‘ Seminar on a National Policy on Education ’ ) , the legal and administrative framework of the school system , official calendars and time allocations , the syllabus and related descriptions of prescribed content , official lists of recommended books , and the content and style of the final and intermediate examinations .
the nigerian ‘ seminar on a national policy on education ’ ) , the legal and [managing] framework of the school system , official calendars and time allocations , the syllabus and related descriptions of prescribed content , official lists of recommended books , and the content and style of the final and intermediate examinations .

Yet again the official syllabus and scheme of work may recommend the purchase and use of local materials gathered from the local environment when official administrative regulations preclude the headmaster from purchasing these and fail to provide him with any facilities for storing them once he has obtained them .
yet again the official syllabus and scheme of work may recommend the purchase and use of local materials gathered from the local environment when official [managing] regulations preclude the headmaster from purchasing these and fail to provide him with any facilities for storing them once he has obtained them .

In the very simplest analysis , the task of curriculum implementation can be said to involve two main processes : first changing attitudes of policy makers , administrators , teacher trainers , supervisors , teachers , parents and ultimately ( the sole goal of the process ) learners ; secondly providing the materials and administrative means to make this possible .
in the very simplest analysis , the task of curriculum implementation can be said to involve two main processes : first changing attitudes of policy makers , administrators , teacher trainers , supervisors , teachers , parents and ultimately ( the sole goal of the process ) learners ; secondly providing the materials and [managing] means to make this possible .

Castles were also frequently designed as houses for great lords or to be administrative and judicial centres .
castles were also frequently designed as houses for great lords or to be [managing] and judicial centres .

But when due allowance has been made for the very various functions of castles , as administrative and social as well as military centres , it remains true that they were formidable military weapons , and that some of the most remarkable technological advances of the twelfth century were made in the improvement of siege engines and of a castle 's defences .
but when due allowance has been made for the very various functions of castles , as [managing] and social as well as military centres , it remains true that they were formidable military weapons , and that some of the most remarkable technological advances of the twelfth century were made in the improvement of siege engines and of a castle 's defences .

These consisted largely of ministeriales , tenants originally unfree ( see p. 113 ) , who in Germany and the Low Countries were assuming increasing importance , and were to be found most frequently on royal and ecclesiastical territories , improving their status by regular military and administrative service .
these consisted largely of ministeriales , tenants originally unfree ( see p. 113 ) , who in germany and the low countries were assuming increasing importance , and were to be found most frequently on royal and ecclesiastical territories , improving their status by regular military and [managing] service .

The Commission has many of the characteristics of an international administrative authority and is the organ through which the governments act in all matters to do with the concession .
the commission has many of the characteristics of an international [managing] authority and is the organ through which the governments act in all matters to do with the concession .

However , the Commission operates much more like a diplomatic than an administrative authority with a strong emphasis on consultation and conciliation .
however , the commission operates much more like a diplomatic than an [managing] authority with a strong emphasis on consultation and conciliation .

The removal of administrative and physical barriers after 1992/93 could , in theory , give a substantial boost to economic growth by allowing the development of more natural economic market areas .
the removal of [managing] and physical barriers after 1992/93 could , in theory , give a substantial boost to economic growth by allowing the development of more natural economic market areas .

They had stayed in the abbey kicking their heels and helping with administrative tasks to pay their way ; now , one of them was only too happy to take the letter and ride south with Corbett 's instructions ringing in his ears .
they had stayed in the abbey kicking their heels and helping with [managing] tasks to pay their way ; now , one of them was only too happy to take the letter and ride south with corbett 's instructions ringing in his ears .

Administration , like finance , is a ‘ down line ’ function of good management ; it should not dominate the practice ; the entrepreneurial spirit of many professionals should not be quelled by an overemphasis on financial or administrative management .
administration , like finance , is a ‘ down line ’ function of good management ; it should not dominate the practice ; the entrepreneurial spirit of many professionals should not be quelled by an overemphasis on financial or [managing] management .

This chapter looks at the three major categories of organisation in the light of those considerations likely to prove most significant for surveyors : management authority of the participants , the raising and use of finance , the administrative burdens which will be created , the conduct of relations with outsiders and the settlement of disputes .
this chapter looks at the three major categories of organisation in the light of those considerations likely to prove most significant for surveyors : management authority of the participants , the raising and use of finance , the [managing] burdens which will be created , the conduct of relations with outsiders and the settlement of disputes .

Prices in such circumstances become an administrative convenience or merely irrelevant .
prices in such circumstances become an [managing] convenience or merely irrelevant .

The seven percent of the first wave fund-holders was allocated £14.5 million to set up the administrative side of the scheme , but the remaining 93 percent were given a total of £19 million in the 1991 autumn statement .
the seven percent of the first wave fund-holders was allocated £14.5 million to set up the [managing] side of the scheme , but the remaining 93 percent were given a total of £19 million in the 1991 autumn statement .

Personal equity plans , for example , have not until now commanded the following that their tax-exempt status would justify , whereas scrip dividend facilities have enjoyed a high take-up rate given their generally modest benefits and administrative inconvenience .
personal equity plans , for example , have not until now commanded the following that their tax-exempt status would justify , whereas scrip dividend facilities have enjoyed a high take-up rate given their generally modest benefits and [managing] inconvenience .

No accurate assessment of the amount of heathland is available , although a survey by West Sussex County Council showed 1,500 hectares of heath in that administrative county .
no accurate assessment of the amount of heathland is available , although a survey by west sussex county council showed 1,500 hectares of heath in that [managing] county .

If you have any problems with enrolment you are invited to contact your Faculty Administrative Office .
if you have any problems with enrolment you are invited to contact your faculty [managing] office .

Any change to your home or term-time addresses must be notified immediately to your Faculty/Campus Administrative Office ( for use in case of emergency ) .
any change to your home or term-time addresses must be notified immediately to your faculty/campus [managing] office ( for use in case of emergency ) .

Any change to your surname through marriage or for any other reason during your course of study must be notified to your Faculty/Campus Administrative Office which will , in turn , notify the Registry Office .
any change to your surname through marriage or for any other reason during your course of study must be notified to your faculty/campus [managing] office which will , in turn , notify the registry office .

The administrative headquarters of the University are located to the north of Coleraine , a pleasant market town on the River Bann .
the [managing] headquarters of the university are located to the north of coleraine , a pleasant market town on the river bann .

At Coleraine , the Union occupies a large section of the South Building complex , adjacent to the University administrative headquarters .
at coleraine , the union occupies a large section of the south building complex , adjacent to the university [managing] headquarters .

For further information about costs for specific courses please contact the appropriate Faculty Administrative Officer ( see page 46 ) .
for further information about costs for specific courses please contact the appropriate faculty [managing] officer ( see page 46 ) .

Enquiries to the University of Ulster should be addressed to the Academic Office at the address indicated on page 46 , or to the appropriate Faculty Administrative Officer ( see page 46 ) .
enquiries to the university of ulster should be addressed to the academic office at the address indicated on page 46 , or to the appropriate faculty [managing] officer ( see page 46 ) .

All enquiries about nomination for quota awards tenable at the University of Ulster should be directed to the Administrative Officer of the Faculty in which postgraduate study is to be carried out .
all enquiries about nomination for quota awards tenable at the university of ulster should be directed to the [managing] officer of the faculty in which postgraduate study is to be carried out .

For further advice concerning application procedures please contact either Wilma McFerran ( Jordanstown and Belfast campuses ) , Catherine Avery ( Coleraine and Magee College campuses ) or the appropriate Faculty Administrative Officer .
for further advice concerning application procedures please contact either wilma mcferran ( jordanstown and belfast campuses ) , catherine avery ( coleraine and magee college campuses ) or the appropriate faculty [managing] officer .

Preparation for classes , actual teaching and administrative duties necessarily limit the time available to her for bedside teaching .
preparation for classes , actual teaching and [managing] duties necessarily limit the time available to her for bedside teaching .

The administrative headquarters of the University are located to the north of Coleraine , a pleasant market town on the River Bann .
the [managing] headquarters of the university are located to the north of coleraine , a pleasant market town on the river bann .

At Coleraine , the Union occupies a large section of the South Building complex , adjacent to the University administrative headquarters .
at coleraine , the union occupies a large section of the south building complex , adjacent to the university [managing] headquarters .

Language work in the final year is more specialized than in the first two years and includes translation and précis writing in administrative , technical and commercial registers of the languages , as well as some interpreting .
language work in the final year is more specialized than in the first two years and includes translation and précis writing in [managing] , technical and commercial registers of the languages , as well as some interpreting .

Educational decisions hike other administrative decisions ) involve choices between available alternatives which are based on both educational and economic factors , and which often involve subjective judgement and value decisions .
educational decisions hike other [managing] decisions ) involve choices between available alternatives which are based on both educational and economic factors , and which often involve subjective judgement and value decisions .

Not surprisingly financial support is one of the more important administrative problems of the clearinghouses .
not surprisingly financial support is one of the more important [managing] problems of the clearinghouses .

Although time available to librarians/information officers influenced the amount of instruction given , especially to managerial/ administrative users , it was not an overriding inhibitive factor .
although time available to librarians/information officers influenced the amount of instruction given , especially to managerial/ [managing] users , it was not an overriding inhibitive factor .

Often part of the resistance to the idea of brief admission is that the routine administrative procedures on a ward are geared to more long-term admission .
often part of the resistance to the idea of brief admission is that the routine [managing] procedures on a ward are geared to more long-term admission .

However , the new approaches are not simply a response to administrative or organizational problems .
however , the new approaches are not simply a response to [managing] or organizational problems .

Loan interest paid by borrowers provides for interest on time deposits , staff salaries , other administrative expenses and shareholder dividends .
loan interest paid by borrowers provides for interest on time deposits , staff salaries , other [managing] expenses and shareholder dividends .

This helps to improve the exporters ' cash flows and reduce overall debt administrative costs .
this helps to improve the exporters ' cash flows and reduce overall debt [managing] costs .

Ecclesiastical history The Borthwick Institute ( University of York ) was established in 1953 and specialises in the study of ecclesiastical history — particularly the administrative and legal history of ecclesiastical institutions .
ecclesiastical history the borthwick institute ( university of york ) was established in 1953 and specialises in the study of ecclesiastical history — particularly the [managing] and legal history of ecclesiastical institutions .

At the same time there are administrative distortions , such as poor distribution of teaching staff .
at the same time there are [managing] distortions , such as poor distribution of teaching staff .

They are employed mainly in clerical and administrative work .
they are employed mainly in clerical and [managing] work .

In recent months , the physical condition of equipment and buildings has deteriorated alarmingly , due to lack of maintenance , and due also to the lack of basic expenditure on light , water , security guards , chalk , stationery , publications and books … In both central and regional offices staff members who provide technical and administrative support to educational centres are semi-paralysed in their work by lack of transport , of travel allowances , petrol and educational materials .
in recent months , the physical condition of equipment and buildings has deteriorated alarmingly , due to lack of maintenance , and due also to the lack of basic expenditure on light , water , security guards , chalk , stationery , publications and books … in both central and regional offices staff members who provide technical and [managing] support to educational centres are semi-paralysed in their work by lack of transport , of travel allowances , petrol and educational materials .

This limits the activities of the educational institutions in the region and makes it difficult for the administrative centres to do their job , which includes developing technical training projects and teacher training .
this limits the activities of the educational institutions in the region and makes it difficult for the [managing] centres to do their job , which includes developing technical training projects and teacher training .

This decentralization was partly to ease administrative problems such as salary payments , but it also was intended to encourage more local involvement in education .
this decentralization was partly to ease [managing] problems such as salary payments , but it also was intended to encourage more local involvement in education .

Tobermory was not only a trading centre but an administrative ‘ capital ’ .
tobermory was not only a trading centre but an [managing] ‘ capital ’ .

The problems of encouraging orderly development in the older conurbations have been heightened not only by an inappropriate metropolitan administrative structure , but also by an inadequate and diminishing regional influence .
the problems of encouraging orderly development in the older conurbations have been heightened not only by an inappropriate metropolitan [managing] structure , but also by an inadequate and diminishing regional influence .

Routine administrative functions were sited in the free-standing towns and cities within a hundred or so miles of London .
routine [managing] functions were sited in the free-standing towns and cities within a hundred or so miles of london .

This type of administrative regulation , when combined with a decline of one-quarter in current expenditure to the cities between 1981–2 and 1985–6 , and the imposition of an administratively difficult and possibly inequitable poll tax , makes the financial environment within which the older urban cores have to operate singularly unfortunate .
this type of [managing] regulation , when combined with a decline of one-quarter in current expenditure to the cities between 1981–2 and 1985–6 , and the imposition of an administratively difficult and possibly inequitable poll tax , makes the financial environment within which the older urban cores have to operate singularly unfortunate .

Partnerships were based on the assumption that reasonable people working in a multitude of organizations could devise an agreed strategy for parts of urban Britain : local and central government would work in harness and would incorporate other interests — the police , the business community , voluntary groups , and so on , into a coherent administrative whole .
partnerships were based on the assumption that reasonable people working in a multitude of organizations could devise an agreed strategy for parts of urban britain : local and central government would work in harness and would incorporate other interests — the police , the business community , voluntary groups , and so on , into a coherent [managing] whole .

While no doubt imposing a degree of justifiable administrative rigour on Urban Programme expenditure , the attainment of such measures can too readily be equated with ‘ success ’ ; obtaining accurate assessments of some outcomes , notably job-creation totals , is fraught with difficulties ( as examined in Chapter 9 . )
while no doubt imposing a degree of justifiable [managing] rigour on urban programme expenditure , the attainment of such measures can too readily be equated with ‘ success ’ ; obtaining accurate assessments of some outcomes , notably job-creation totals , is fraught with difficulties ( as examined in chapter 9 . )

The fundamental administrative problem has been the perennial difficulty in achieving a co-ordinated response to the problems facing the inner-urban cores .
the fundamental [managing] problem has been the perennial difficulty in achieving a co-ordinated response to the problems facing the inner-urban cores .

The administrative structure of Partnerships , with its heavy emphasis on co-ordinating different agencies , would in any case tend to inhibit the unorthodox .
the [managing] structure of partnerships , with its heavy emphasis on co-ordinating different agencies , would in any case tend to inhibit the unorthodox .

Eventually , formal administrative structures were created between the Task Force and local government , but the Task Force 's determination to implement specific projects rather than to help create a broader and longer-term strategy for the conurbation inevitably created tensions .
eventually , formal [managing] structures were created between the task force and local government , but the task force 's determination to implement specific projects rather than to help create a broader and longer-term strategy for the conurbation inevitably created tensions .

It assumes administrative efficiency will suffice when this may only have the most limited of practical effects .
it assumes [managing] efficiency will suffice when this may only have the most limited of practical effects .

This kind of administrative structure may be regarded as likely to lead to the implementation of policies that are at variance with those favoured by elected local councils .
this kind of [managing] structure may be regarded as likely to lead to the implementation of policies that are at variance with those favoured by elected local councils .

Once again this highlights the significance of social and administrative factors in environmental management .
once again this highlights the significance of social and [managing] factors in environmental management .

as for certain types of administrative areas ) serious problems are created through the introduction of large numbers of ‘ spurious ’ sliver polygons .
as for certain types of [managing] areas ) serious problems are created through the introduction of large numbers of ‘ spurious ’ sliver polygons .

In the case of administrative boundaries , different units present in different maps often share a common boundary ( e.g .
in the case of [managing] boundaries , different units present in different maps often share a common boundary ( e.g .

Many necessary data sets were unavailable for reasons of administrative inadequacies , confidentiality constraints , cost or non-collection in certain countries ;
many necessary data sets were unavailable for reasons of [managing] inadequacies , confidentiality constraints , cost or non-collection in certain countries ;

User expectations are often unreasonably high ; use of administrative computing systems encourages bureaucrats to believe that environmental data can just as readily be analysed and used to support decisions . The ‘ fuzzy ’ nature of much geographically distributed data , the inherent errors in it , the effects of the processing algorithms used and the assumption of known interactions between variables ensures that completely routine use by unskilled users is unlikely to be possible in the foreseeable future ;
user expectations are often unreasonably high ; use of [managing] computing systems encourages bureaucrats to believe that environmental data can just as readily be analysed and used to support decisions . the ‘ fuzzy ’ nature of much geographically distributed data , the inherent errors in it , the effects of the processing algorithms used and the assumption of known interactions between variables ensures that completely routine use by unskilled users is unlikely to be possible in the foreseeable future ;

This layout was a physical expression of the administrative structure that Hammond was organizing for the office particularly , as Mary Anderson points out , the special status awarded to the Under Secretaries and their political departments , by placing them on the same level as the Secretary of State .
this layout was a physical expression of the [managing] structure that hammond was organizing for the office particularly , as mary anderson points out , the special status awarded to the under secretaries and their political departments , by placing them on the same level as the secretary of state .

Disraeli 's Government of India Act of 1858 was introduced as a direct result of the Indian Mutiny , and as a consequence of the administrative changes brought about by that Act , Scott 's brief was considerably extended .
disraeli 's government of india act of 1858 was introduced as a direct result of the indian mutiny , and as a consequence of the [managing] changes brought about by that act , scott 's brief was considerably extended .

The affairs of the sub-continent since 1600 had been administered by the East India Company from its headquarters in Leadenhall Street in the City of London , but after 1784 , a Cabinet Committee , usually known as the Board of Control , gradually took over various administrative functions from the Company .
the affairs of the sub-continent since 1600 had been administered by the east india company from its headquarters in leadenhall street in the city of london , but after 1784 , a cabinet committee , usually known as the board of control , gradually took over various [managing] functions from the company .

The use of everything from railroads to an improved postal service , according to Chandler , created enterprises with internal administrative structures that coordinated the flow of goods from many individual producers to many more consumers .
the use of everything from railroads to an improved postal service , according to chandler , created enterprises with internal [managing] structures that coordinated the flow of goods from many individual producers to many more consumers .

This administrative coordination reduced “ the number of transactions involved in the flow of goods , increased the speed and regularity of that flow , and so lowered costs and improved the productivity of the American distribution system . ”
this [managing] coordination reduced “ the number of transactions involved in the flow of goods , increased the speed and regularity of that flow , and so lowered costs and improved the productivity of the american distribution system . ”

Their administrative networks were more effective because they were in direct contact with the customers and because they eliminated one major set of middlemen .
their [managing] networks were more effective because they were in direct contact with the customers and because they eliminated one major set of middlemen .

Although wholesaler-jobbers had faded from the scene , the policies , practices , and administrative organizations of many mass distributors were derived from them .
although wholesaler-jobbers had faded from the scene , the policies , practices , and [managing] organizations of many mass distributors were derived from them .

Whether building an administrative center for the British Raj or designing a station for the Pennsylvania Railroad workable solutions can be devised in the Classical tradition .
whether building an [managing] center for the british raj or designing a station for the pennsylvania railroad workable solutions can be devised in the classical tradition .

Although the National Socialists purported to rely on legal forms and administrative regularity , their contempt for free and mutually respectful discourse led to a corruption of the legal culture .
although the national socialists purported to rely on legal forms and [managing] regularity , their contempt for free and mutually respectful discourse led to a corruption of the legal culture .

They were created as administrative units and then recognized as states .
they were created as [managing] units and then recognized as states .

This is not to say that for the purpose of administrative efficiency , it would not make sense to divide functions between the federal and state governments .
this is not to say that for the purpose of [managing] efficiency , it would not make sense to divide functions between the federal and state governments .

To see how the notion of human dignity operates in practice , let us take a look at the well-known Peep Show case decided in 1981 by the Federal Administrative Court [ Bundesverwaltungsgericht ] in Germany.25 The operators of a peep show were denied a business permit because their show supposedly violated the morals of the community .
to see how the notion of human dignity operates in practice , let us take a look at the well-known peep show case decided in 1981 by the federal [managing] court [ bundesverwaltungsgericht ] in germany.25 the operators of a peep show were denied a business permit because their show supposedly violated the morals of the community .

The Federal Administrative Court upheld the denial of the license on the ground that the show violated the “ human dignity ” of the women who chose to participate .
the federal [managing] court upheld the denial of the license on the ground that the show violated the “ human dignity ” of the women who chose to participate .

Though one of Europe ’ s youngest capitals , it ’ s had plenty of time to catch up to Spain ’ s more historic cities , including Seville , Toledo and Granada , and today it is their political , administrative and economic superior .
though one of europe ’ s youngest capitals , it ’ s had plenty of time to catch up to spain ’ s more historic cities , including seville , toledo and granada , and today it is their political , [managing] and economic superior .

His descendants were major landowners from the middle of the 16th century and played an important role throughout the colonial history of Jamaica , holding positions of great influence in the judiciary and administrative bodies .
his descendants were major landowners from the middle of the 16th century and played an important role throughout the colonial history of jamaica , holding positions of great influence in the judiciary and [managing] bodies .

Modern “ New Kingston , ” with its office buildings and high rise blocks , is the administrative heart of Jamaica , with government offices , consulates , and boutiques .
modern “ new kingston , ” with its office buildings and high rise blocks , is the [managing] heart of jamaica , with government offices , consulates , and boutiques .

About 410,000 people live on Guadeloupe with some 40,000 on its administrative dependencies ( Saint-Martin , Saint-Barthélemy , Marie-Galante , Les Saintes , and Désirade ) .
about 410,000 people live on guadeloupe with some 40,000 on its [managing] dependencies ( saint-martin , saint-barthélemy , marie-galante , les saintes , and désirade ) .

Martinique and Guadeloupe , formal départements since 1946 , have recently become régions in an administrative reshuffle .
martinique and guadeloupe , formal départements since 1946 , have recently become régions in an [managing] reshuffle .

This is the island ’ s main city and financial , governmental , and administrative centre , and its charms match those of other Mediterranean “ jewels .
this is the island ’ s main city and financial , governmental , and [managing] centre , and its charms match those of other mediterranean “ jewels .

The smaller islands , French Saint-Martin and Saint-Barthélemy , are administrative sub-prefectures ( sous-préfectures ) of Guadeloupe .
the smaller islands , french saint-martin and saint-barthélemy , are [managing] sub-prefectures ( sous-préfectures ) of guadeloupe .

On 1 July , 1997 the British Crown Colony of Hong Kong reverted to Chinese sovereignty as a Special Administrative Region of the People ’ s Republic of China .
on 1 july , 1997 the british crown colony of hong kong reverted to chinese sovereignty as a special [managing] region of the people ’ s republic of china .

By 1204 Dublin Castle was the center of English administrative power in Ireland .
by 1204 dublin castle was the center of english [managing] power in ireland .

Thirteen administrative parishes were created , forming the basis of government that we still see today .
thirteen [managing] parishes were created , forming the basis of government that we still see today .

Probably the most important reform was the least glamorous : the decentralization that increased regional autonomy and reversed the age-old trend of concentrating political , economic , and administrative power in the national capital .
probably the most important reform was the least glamorous : the decentralization that increased regional autonomy and reversed the age-old trend of concentrating political , economic , and [managing] power in the national capital .

Kanto The once-marshy plain of Kanto is Tokyo ’ s hinterland , the region where the feudal warlords set up their military bases and administrative headquarters .
kanto the once-marshy plain of kanto is tokyo ’ s hinterland , the region where the feudal warlords set up their military bases and [managing] headquarters .

CENTRAL ITALY The center of Italy is the cradle of Latin civilization , one-time administrative headquarters of that ancient conglomerate known as the Roman Empire .
central italy the center of italy is the cradle of latin civilization , one-time [managing] headquarters of that ancient conglomerate known as the roman empire .

Entrance to what is now administrative offices and a communal library is between two towers on the west side , away from the harbor , through a fine two-story Renaissance triumphal arch crowned by a statue of St. Michael .
entrance to what is now [managing] offices and a communal library is between two towers on the west side , away from the harbor , through a fine two-story renaissance triumphal arch crowned by a statue of st. michael .

In green surroundings , the buildings of the saltworks are set in a semicircle around administrative offices , each with easy access to the other and all in simple classical style .
in green surroundings , the buildings of the saltworks are set in a semicircle around [managing] offices , each with easy access to the other and all in simple classical style .

For its part , China declared Hong Kong a “ Special Administrative Region ” and guaranteed its civil and social system for at least 50 years after 1997 .
for its part , china declared hong kong a “ special [managing] region ” and guaranteed its civil and social system for at least 50 years after 1997 .

A Federation of Malay States — Selangor , Perak , Negeri Sembilan , and Pahang — was proclaimed in 1896 to coordinate an economic and administrative organization .
a federation of malay states — selangor , perak , negeri sembilan , and pahang — was proclaimed in 1896 to coordinate an economic and [managing] organization .

In the Assembly building for parliament , the Secretariat administrative block , the vaulted High Court , and the smaller Governor ’ s Residence , you can see huge slabs of concrete like weathered granite from the nearby mountains .
in the assembly building for parliament , the secretariat [managing] block , the vaulted high court , and the smaller governor ’ s residence , you can see huge slabs of concrete like weathered granite from the nearby mountains .

In town , visitors can retrace the favorite promenades along the Mall and see the old administrative offices of the Ridge .
in town , visitors can retrace the favorite promenades along the mall and see the old [managing] offices of the ridge .

Maó Maó is the business and administrative capital of Menorca , but it remains , above all , a port .
maó maó is the business and [managing] capital of menorca , but it remains , above all , a port .

Its long lines and minimalist façade once housed administrative offices , but the interior has been transformed into a smart shopping mall with luxury goods from jewelry to cigars .
its long lines and minimalist façade once housed [managing] offices , but the interior has been transformed into a smart shopping mall with luxury goods from jewelry to cigars .

Factories , theatres , and newspapers were opened and Pest expanded its role in international trade while Buda regained its status as Hungary ’ s administrative centre .
factories , theatres , and newspapers were opened and pest expanded its role in international trade while buda regained its status as hungary ’ s [managing] centre .

The first Dutch military expeditions disembarked near Singaraja , which became the island ’ s administrative capital and the colony ’ s chief port .
the first dutch military expeditions disembarked near singaraja , which became the island ’ s [managing] capital and the colony ’ s chief port .

Not so long ago , the old port of Ampenan , the administrative center of Mataram , and the commercial district of Cakranegara were completely separate .
not so long ago , the old port of ampenan , the [managing] center of mataram , and the commercial district of cakranegara were completely separate .

The capital of Tenerife and the administrative center for the westerly Canaries , Santa Cruz is not a city in which tourists spend a great deal of time .
the capital of tenerife and the [managing] center for the westerly canaries , santa cruz is not a city in which tourists spend a great deal of time .

The northern section is taken up by the Palacio del Gobierno ( Governor ’ s Palace ) , now merely an administrative building , but once the Governor ’ s residence .
the northern section is taken up by the palacio del gobierno ( governor ’ s palace ) , now merely an [managing] building , but once the governor ’ s residence .

Kazimierz built great castles and towns , codified laws , and created an entire administrative system of governance for the war-torn country .
kazimierz built great castles and towns , codified laws , and created an entire [managing] system of governance for the war-torn country .

Hard political realities soon developed from these administrative divisions , as the Allies found themselves confronted with Soviet efforts to incorporate the whole of Berlin into a new Communist-controlled German Democratic Republic .
hard political realities soon developed from these [managing] divisions , as the allies found themselves confronted with soviet efforts to incorporate the whole of berlin into a new communist-controlled german democratic republic .

The commercial and administrative heart of Crete , its streets are filled with bankers and business people .
the commercial and [managing] heart of crete , its streets are filled with bankers and business people .

Visitors enter past what remains of the West Court used as an entryway to a West Wing , where the administrative and religious activities took place .
visitors enter past what remains of the west court used as an entryway to a west wing , where the [managing] and religious activities took place .

Topanás behind the Naval Museum was the Turkish administrative quarter — also where they kept their cannon .
topanás behind the naval museum was the turkish [managing] quarter — also where they kept their cannon .

The congressman heads the House Judiciary subcommittee on commercial and administrative law , which oversees the Legal Services Corporation .
the congressman heads the house judiciary subcommittee on commercial and [managing] law , which oversees the legal services corporation .

In addition to LSC , LAD is funded by United Way for Southeastern Michigan , Michigan State Bar Foundation , Detroit Area Agency on Aging , The Senior Alliance , City of Detroit , Wayne County , U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development , Administrative Office of U.S. Courts , and private donations .
in addition to lsc , lad is funded by united way for southeastern michigan , michigan state bar foundation , detroit area agency on aging , the senior alliance , city of detroit , wayne county , u.s. department of housing and urban development , [managing] office of u.s. courts , and private donations .

Father and son made a successful appeal before a Social Security administrative board on behalf a learning disabled client .
father and son made a successful appeal before a social security [managing] board on behalf a learning disabled client .

The act proposes to create an administrative framework under the Department of Community Affairs to contract with a statewide not-for- profit group to allocate funds to nonprofit legal organizations .
the act proposes to create an [managing] framework under the department of community affairs to contract with a statewide not-for- profit group to allocate funds to nonprofit legal organizations .

While court officials are concerned about the findings , their assistance can only go so far , said Winnie Comfort , a spokeswoman for the Administrative Office of the Courts .
while court officials are concerned about the findings , their assistance can only go so far , said winnie comfort , a spokeswoman for the [managing] office of the courts .

Since 1990 , she has worked in the Administrative Law Unit and Resource Development , and directed the Elder Law Project , serving the northern half of the state .
since 1990 , she has worked in the [managing] law unit and resource development , and directed the elder law project , serving the northern half of the state .

LSNY 's role has been generally limited to certain administrative functions , though over the years it has come to run two programs of its own .
lsny 's role has been generally limited to certain [managing] functions , though over the years it has come to run two programs of its own .

The administrative savings proposed by the City Council through the elimination of the Office of Contracts and many agency legal positions were part of $ 559 million the Council proposed to save through `` consolidation and efficiency '' in management .
the [managing] savings proposed by the city council through the elimination of the office of contracts and many agency legal positions were part of $ 559 million the council proposed to save through `` consolidation and efficiency '' in management .

Federal legal aid officials drew up the new service area uniting Bergen , Hudson , and Passaic counties in June , insisting the change will trim administrative costs without compromising services .
federal legal aid officials drew up the new service area uniting bergen , hudson , and passaic counties in june , insisting the change will trim [managing] costs without compromising services .

Representing herself at an administrative hearing , she lost her appeal to restore Medi-Cal benefits because she did not have proper documentation of the rent account .
representing herself at an [managing] hearing , she lost her appeal to restore medi-cal benefits because she did not have proper documentation of the rent account .

In addition , this type of funding policy discourages the research community from collaborating with academic centers because the researchers perceive that the bulk of the budget is going to some administrative group with whom they have no interaction and who has no interest in what the researchers are doing .
in addition , this type of funding policy discourages the research community from collaborating with academic centers because the researchers perceive that the bulk of the budget is going to some [managing] group with whom they have no interaction and who has no interest in what the researchers are doing .

The nation can ill-afford to have the secretary or deputy secretary being side-tracked by administrative and operational details -- the mission of the department requires their undivided attention .
the nation can ill-afford to have the secretary or deputy secretary being side-tracked by [managing] and operational details -- the mission of the department requires their undivided attention .

In fact , CBO estimates that 1 percent of the total annual spending will be for administrative costs , but that a proportionate share of the costs to currently administer these agencies will be transferred .
in fact , cbo estimates that 1 percent of the total annual spending will be for [managing] costs , but that a proportionate share of the costs to currently administer these agencies will be transferred .

The agencies invoked the similarly worded `` good cause '' exception contained in the Administrative Procedure Act ( APA ) at section 553 ( b ) ( 3 ) ( B ) , which allows an agency to forego issuing a notice of proposed rulemaking and receiving public comments .
the agencies invoked the similarly worded `` good cause '' exception contained in the [managing] procedure act ( apa ) at section 553 ( b ) ( 3 ) ( b ) , which allows an agency to forego issuing a notice of proposed rulemaking and receiving public comments .

GAO/OGC-98-44 ( iv ) Other relevant information or requirements under acts and executive orders Administrative Procedure Act , 5 U.S.C .
gao/ogc-98-44 ( iv ) other relevant information or requirements under acts and executive orders [managing] procedure act , 5 u.s.c .

The AICPA 's actions in connection with the recent accounting reform legislation and certain other reform related administrative actions have damaged its reputation in government and elsewhere .
the aicpa 's actions in connection with the recent accounting reform legislation and certain other reform related [managing] actions have damaged its reputation in government and elsewhere .

Increased competition resulting from an emerging global market has put pressure on finance organizations to find new ways to reduce administrative costs , add value , and provide a competitive advantage .
increased competition resulting from an emerging global market has put pressure on finance organizations to find new ways to reduce [managing] costs , add value , and provide a competitive advantage .

Further , it requires that agencies modernize inefficient administrative and missionrelated work processes before making significant technology investments to support them .
further , it requires that agencies modernize inefficient [managing] and missionrelated work processes before making significant technology investments to support them .

The pressure to reduce administrative costs resulting from competition in an emerging global market drove many finance organizations to find more efficient ways to deliver their services .
the pressure to reduce [managing] costs resulting from competition in an emerging global market drove many finance organizations to find more efficient ways to deliver their services .

The ClingerCohen Act contains provisions requiring federal agencies to modernize inefficient administrative and missionrelated work processes before making significant technology investments to support them .
the clingercohen act contains provisions requiring federal agencies to modernize inefficient [managing] and missionrelated work processes before making significant technology investments to support them .

Page 2 GAO/OGC-96-11 ( iv ) Other relevant information or requirements under Acts and Executive orders Administrative Procedure Act , 5 U.S.C .
page 2 gao/ogc-96-11 ( iv ) other relevant information or requirements under acts and executive orders [managing] procedure act , 5 u.s.c .

As a result of this analysis , the OIG plans to refer serious cases to appropriate law enforcement agencies and take administrative action against the less serious violators .
as a result of this analysis , the oig plans to refer serious cases to appropriate law enforcement agencies and take [managing] action against the less serious violators .

Savings are calculated based on the administrative and contract costs of the program as a percentage of gross savings and cost avoidance for cases that resulted in denied or reduced benefits .
savings are calculated based on the [managing] and contract costs of the program as a percentage of gross savings and cost avoidance for cases that resulted in denied or reduced benefits .

The state organization provided meeting rooms and administrative support while the professional organization used its professional contacts to obtain knowledgeable speakers .
the state organization provided meeting rooms and [managing] support while the professional organization used its professional contacts to obtain knowledgeable speakers .

GAO Reports and Testimonies on Information Security Issued Since September 1993 U.S. Government Financial Statements : Results of GAO 's Fiscal Year 1997 Audit ( GAO/T-AIMD-98-128 , April 1 , 1998 ) Financial Audit : 1997 Consolidated Financial Statements of the United States Government ( GAO/AIMD-98-127 , March 31 , 1998 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1996 Custodial Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-98-18 , December 24 , 1997 ) Financial Management : Review of the Military Retirement Trust Fund 's Actuarial Model and Related Computer Controls ( GAO/AIMD-97-128 , September 9 , 1997 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1996 Administrative Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-97-89 , August 29 , 1997 ) Social Security Administration : Internet Access to Personal Earnings and Benefits Information ( GAO/T-AIMD/HEHS-97-123 , May 6 , 1997 ) IRS Systems Security and Funding : Employee Browsing Not Being Addressed Effectively and Budget Requests for New Systems Development Not Justified ( GAO/T-AIMD-97-82 , April 15 , 1997 ) IRS Systems Security : Tax Processing Operations and Data Still at Risk Due to Serious Weaknesses ( GAO/T-AIMD-97-76 , April 10 , 1997 ) IRS Systems Security : Tax Processing Operations and Data Still at Risk Due to Serious Weaknesses ( GAO/AIMD-97-49 , April 8 , 1997 ) High Risk Series : Information Management and Technology ( GAO/HR-97-9 , February 1997 ) Information Security : Opportunities for Improved OMB Oversight of Agency Practices ( GAO/AIMD-96-110 , September 24 , 1996 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1995 Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-96-101 , July 11 , 1996 ) Tax Systems Modernization : Actions Underway But IRS Has Not Corrected Management and Technical Weaknesses ( GAO/AIMD-96-106 , June 7 , 1996 ) Information Security : Computer Hacker Information Available on the Internet ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-108 , June 5 , 1996 ) Information Security : Computer Attacks at Department of Defense Pose Increasing Risks ( GAO/AIMD-96-84 , May 22 , 1996 ) Information Security : Computer Attacks at Department of Defense Pose Increasing Risks ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-92 , May 22 , 1996 ) Security Weaknesses at IRS ' Cyberfile Data Center ( GAO/AIMD-96-85R , May 9 , 1996 ) Tax Systems Modernization : Management and Technical Weaknesses Must Be Overcome To Achieve Success ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-75 , March 26 , 1996 ) Financial Management : Challenges Facing DOD in Meeting the Goals of the Chief Financial Officers Act ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-1 , November 14 , 1995 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1994 Financial Statements ( GAO/ AIMD-95-141 , August 4 , 1995 ) Federal Family Education Loan Information System : Weak Computer Controls Increase Risk of Unauthorized Access to Sensitive Data ( GAO/AIMD-95-117 , June 12 , 1995 ) Department of Energy : Procedures Lacking to Protect Computerized Data ( GAO/AIMD-95-118 , June 5 , 1995 ) Financial Management : Control Weaknesses Increase Risk of Improper Navy Civilian Payroll Payments ( GAO/AIMD-95-73 , May 8 , 1995 ) Information Superhighway : An Overview of Technology Challenges ( GAO/AIMD-95-23 , January 23 , 1995 ) Information Superhighway : Issues Affecting Development ( GAO/RCED-94-285 , September 30 , 1994 ) IRS Automation : Controlling Electronic Filing Fraud and Improper Access to Taxpayer Data ( GAO/T-AIMD/GGD-94-183 , July 19 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Federal Family Education Loan Program 's Financial Statements for Fiscal Years 1993 and 1992 ( GAO/AIMD-94-131 , June 30 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Examination of Customs ' Fiscal Year 1993 Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-94-119 , June 15 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1993 Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-94-120 , June 15 , 1994 ) HUD Information Resources : Strategic Focus and Improved Management Controls Needed ( GAO/AIMD-94-34 , April 14 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 's Internal Controls as of December 31 , 1992 ( GAO/AIMD-94-35 , February 4 , 1994 ) Financial Management : Strong Leadership Needed to Improve Army 's Financial Accountability ( GAO/AIMD-94-12 , December 22 , 1993 ) Communications Privacy : Federal Policy and Actions ( GAO/OSI-94-2 , November 4 , 1993 ) IRS Information Systems : Weaknesses Increase Risk of Fraud and Impair Reliability of Management Information ( GAO/AIMD-93-34 , September 22 , 1993 ) Document Security : Justice Can Improve Its Controls Over Classified and Sensitive Documents ( GAO/GGD-93-134 , September 7 , 1993 )
gao reports and testimonies on information security issued since september 1993 u.s. government financial statements : results of gao 's fiscal year 1997 audit ( gao/t-aimd-98-128 , april 1 , 1998 ) financial audit : 1997 consolidated financial statements of the united states government ( gao/aimd-98-127 , march 31 , 1998 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1996 custodial financial statements ( gao/aimd-98-18 , december 24 , 1997 ) financial management : review of the military retirement trust fund 's actuarial model and related computer controls ( gao/aimd-97-128 , september 9 , 1997 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1996 [managing] financial statements ( gao/aimd-97-89 , august 29 , 1997 ) social security administration : internet access to personal earnings and benefits information ( gao/t-aimd/hehs-97-123 , may 6 , 1997 ) irs systems security and funding : employee browsing not being addressed effectively and budget requests for new systems development not justified ( gao/t-aimd-97-82 , april 15 , 1997 ) irs systems security : tax processing operations and data still at risk due to serious weaknesses ( gao/t-aimd-97-76 , april 10 , 1997 ) irs systems security : tax processing operations and data still at risk due to serious weaknesses ( gao/aimd-97-49 , april 8 , 1997 ) high risk series : information management and technology ( gao/hr-97-9 , february 1997 ) information security : opportunities for improved omb oversight of agency practices ( gao/aimd-96-110 , september 24 , 1996 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1995 financial statements ( gao/aimd-96-101 , july 11 , 1996 ) tax systems modernization : actions underway but irs has not corrected management and technical weaknesses ( gao/aimd-96-106 , june 7 , 1996 ) information security : computer hacker information available on the internet ( gao/t-aimd-96-108 , june 5 , 1996 ) information security : computer attacks at department of defense pose increasing risks ( gao/aimd-96-84 , may 22 , 1996 ) information security : computer attacks at department of defense pose increasing risks ( gao/t-aimd-96-92 , may 22 , 1996 ) security weaknesses at irs ' cyberfile data center ( gao/aimd-96-85r , may 9 , 1996 ) tax systems modernization : management and technical weaknesses must be overcome to achieve success ( gao/t-aimd-96-75 , march 26 , 1996 ) financial management : challenges facing dod in meeting the goals of the chief financial officers act ( gao/t-aimd-96-1 , november 14 , 1995 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1994 financial statements ( gao/ aimd-95-141 , august 4 , 1995 ) federal family education loan information system : weak computer controls increase risk of unauthorized access to sensitive data ( gao/aimd-95-117 , june 12 , 1995 ) department of energy : procedures lacking to protect computerized data ( gao/aimd-95-118 , june 5 , 1995 ) financial management : control weaknesses increase risk of improper navy civilian payroll payments ( gao/aimd-95-73 , may 8 , 1995 ) information superhighway : an overview of technology challenges ( gao/aimd-95-23 , january 23 , 1995 ) information superhighway : issues affecting development ( gao/rced-94-285 , september 30 , 1994 ) irs automation : controlling electronic filing fraud and improper access to taxpayer data ( gao/t-aimd/ggd-94-183 , july 19 , 1994 ) financial audit : federal family education loan program 's financial statements for fiscal years 1993 and 1992 ( gao/aimd-94-131 , june 30 , 1994 ) financial audit : examination of customs ' fiscal year 1993 financial statements ( gao/aimd-94-119 , june 15 , 1994 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1993 financial statements ( gao/aimd-94-120 , june 15 , 1994 ) hud information resources : strategic focus and improved management controls needed ( gao/aimd-94-34 , april 14 , 1994 ) financial audit : federal deposit insurance corporation 's internal controls as of december 31 , 1992 ( gao/aimd-94-35 , february 4 , 1994 ) financial management : strong leadership needed to improve army 's financial accountability ( gao/aimd-94-12 , december 22 , 1993 ) communications privacy : federal policy and actions ( gao/osi-94-2 , november 4 , 1993 ) irs information systems : weaknesses increase risk of fraud and impair reliability of management information ( gao/aimd-93-34 , september 22 , 1993 ) document security : justice can improve its controls over classified and sensitive documents ( gao/ggd-93-134 , september 7 , 1993 )

The supplementary information published with the Final Rule clearly states the preemptive effect to be given to the rule ; what , if any , retroactive effect its provisions may have ; and the administrative procedures to be followed prior to any judicial challenge to provisions of the rule .
the supplementary information published with the final rule clearly states the preemptive effect to be given to the rule ; what , if any , retroactive effect its provisions may have ; and the [managing] procedures to be followed prior to any judicial challenge to provisions of the rule .

Fines and penalties. -- Fines and penalties are monetary requirements imposed on those who violate laws or administrative rules .
fines and penalties. -- fines and penalties are monetary requirements imposed on those who violate laws or [managing] rules .

Nor do they cover defined contribution plans , or administrative entities that are not Federal reporting entities .
nor do they cover defined contribution plans , or [managing] entities that are not federal reporting entities .

Nor do they cover defined contribution plans , or administrative entities that are not Federal reporting entities .
nor do they cover defined contribution plans , or [managing] entities that are not federal reporting entities .

Nor do they cover defined contribution plans , or administrative entities that are not Federal reporting entities .
nor do they cover defined contribution plans , or [managing] entities that are not federal reporting entities .

Negative subsidies on post-1991 direct loans and loan guarantees. -- A negative subsidy means that the direct loans or loan guarantees are estimated to make a profit , apart from administrative costs ( which are excluded from the subsidy calculation by law ) .
negative subsidies on post-1991 direct loans and loan guarantees. -- a negative subsidy means that the direct loans or loan guarantees are estimated to make a profit , apart from [managing] costs ( which are excluded from the subsidy calculation by law ) .

In general , however , stewardship investments shall be measured on the same basis of accounting as used for financial statements , including appropriate accrual adjustments , general and administrative overhead , and a share of the cost of facilities ( for example , depreciation ) .
in general , however , stewardship investments shall be measured on the same basis of accounting as used for financial statements , including appropriate accrual adjustments , general and [managing] overhead , and a share of the cost of facilities ( for example , depreciation ) .

Trend data should reflect the full cost ( including allocation of facility and administrative costs ) of the investment .
trend data should reflect the full cost ( including allocation of facility and [managing] costs ) of the investment .

XX-XXX ) to ease the transition into other civilian positions of skilled technical , administrative , and managerial personnel who are no longer needed in certain shipyards because of declining orders for Navy ship construction .
xx-xxx ) to ease the transition into other civilian positions of skilled technical , [managing] , and managerial personnel who are no longer needed in certain shipyards because of declining orders for navy ship construction .

MODIFICATION -A federal government action , including new legislation or administrative action , that directly or indirectly alters the estimated subsidy cost and the present value of outstanding direct loans ( or direct loan obligations ) , or the liability of loan guarantees ( or loan guarantee commitments ) .
modification -a federal government action , including new legislation or [managing] action , that directly or indirectly alters the estimated subsidy cost and the present value of outstanding direct loans ( or direct loan obligations ) , or the liability of loan guarantees ( or loan guarantee commitments ) .

The term modification does not include subsidy cost reestimates , the routine administrative workouts of troubled loans , and actions that are permitted within the existing contract terms .
the term modification does not include subsidy cost reestimates , the routine [managing] workouts of troubled loans , and actions that are permitted within the existing contract terms .

Usually , a separate amount for administrative expenses is also appropriated to the program account .
usually , a separate amount for [managing] expenses is also appropriated to the program account .

The final rule is not intended to have any retroactive effect and administrative procedures must be exhausted prior to any judicial challenge to the provisions of the rule .
the final rule is not intended to have any retroactive effect and [managing] procedures must be exhausted prior to any judicial challenge to the provisions of the rule .

Saving time on administrative processes frees staff to perform the principal mission of the laboratory .
saving time on [managing] processes frees staff to perform the principal mission of the laboratory .

The authority of agencies to request waivers of administrative procedural requirements and controls is intended to provide federal managers with more flexibility to structure agency systems to better support program goals .
the authority of agencies to request waivers of [managing] procedural requirements and controls is intended to provide federal managers with more flexibility to structure agency systems to better support program goals .

Page 2 GAO/OGC-96-27 ( iv ) Other relevant information or requirements under Acts and Executive orders Administrative Procedure Act , 5 U.S.C .
page 2 gao/ogc-96-27 ( iv ) other relevant information or requirements under acts and executive orders [managing] procedure act , 5 u.s.c .

The payment approval and authorization portions of the process can involve a multistep process with administrative approvals being first Background followed by payment authorization.1 An administrative approval is generally performed by a responsible official in the unit that ordered or received the items purchased .
the payment approval and authorization portions of the process can involve a multistep process with [managing] approvals being first background followed by payment authorization.1 an [managing] approval is generally performed by a responsible official in the unit that ordered or received the items purchased .

The administrative approval normally is based on verification that the items ordered were actually received and met the government 's specifications , and thus validates a vendor 's request ( invoice ) for payment .
the [managing] approval normally is based on verification that the items ordered were actually received and met the government 's specifications , and thus validates a vendor 's request ( invoice ) for payment .

As used in this document , administrative approvals are differentiated from payment authorization .
as used in this document , [managing] approvals are differentiated from payment authorization .

Administrative approvals , on the other hand , refer to the approval function of various aspects of a transaction except for payment authorization .
[managing] approvals , on the other hand , refer to the approval function of various aspects of a transaction except for payment authorization .

Administrative approvals include , but are not limited to , obligation of funds ( for example , authorizing the purchase of goods , approving employee travel , approving contracts on behalf of the agency ) ; accepting goods and services delivered to an agency per order or contract ; and approving travel vouchers for payment scheduling .
[managing] approvals include , but are not limited to , obligation of funds ( for example , authorizing the purchase of goods , approving employee travel , approving contracts on behalf of the agency ) ; accepting goods and services delivered to an agency per order or contract ; and approving travel vouchers for payment scheduling .

Agency officials authorized to perform administrative approvals are generally required to follow agency policies and procedures as opposed to statutory requirements and Treasury regulations followed by certifying officers .
agency officials authorized to perform [managing] approvals are generally required to follow agency policies and procedures as opposed to statutory requirements and treasury regulations followed by certifying officers .

Officials performing administrative approvals usually are responsible for fewer aspects of a transaction .
officials performing [managing] approvals usually are responsible for fewer aspects of a transaction .

For example , the administrative approval of an employee 's travel voucher ( usually performed by the employee 's supervisor ) generally confirms the reasonableness of the claim and that the travel actually took place .
for example , the [managing] approval of an employee 's travel voucher ( usually performed by the employee 's supervisor ) generally confirms the reasonableness of the claim and that the travel actually took place .

The certifying officer , however , not only verifies that the voucher contains an administrative approval ensuring that the travel took place , but also performs numerous examination procedures to ensure all claims are within regulations and limitations .
the certifying officer , however , not only verifies that the voucher contains an [managing] approval ensuring that the travel took place , but also performs numerous examination procedures to ensure all claims are within regulations and limitations .

While examining the documents , the staff also was required to verify that the documentation had the necessary administrative approvals .
while examining the documents , the staff also was required to verify that the documentation had the necessary [managing] approvals .

The plan should convincingly demonstrate that statistical sampling procedures would produce administrative savings while adequately protecting the interests of the government .
the plan should convincingly demonstrate that statistical sampling procedures would produce [managing] savings while adequately protecting the interests of the government .

Savings would be achieved if the combined costs of ( 1 ) examining the sample and ( 2 ) projected losses due to undetected errors on invoices not examined are less than the administrative cost of examining all invoices .
savings would be achieved if the combined costs of ( 1 ) examining the sample and ( 2 ) projected losses due to undetected errors on invoices not examined are less than the [managing] cost of examining all invoices .

The agency believed that a flatrate would reduce the administrative effort needed to separately record all actual lodging costs incurred , retain and submit the receipts when requested , and examine the lodging costs on the voucher .
the agency believed that a flatrate would reduce the [managing] effort needed to separately record all actual lodging costs incurred , retain and submit the receipts when requested , and examine the lodging costs on the voucher .

The Secretaries have determined that there is good cause under Section 553 ( b ) of the Administrative Procedure Act to not issue a notice of proposed rulemaking because it would be impracticable , unnecessary , or contrary to the public interest .
the secretaries have determined that there is good cause under section 553 ( b ) of the [managing] procedure act to not issue a notice of proposed rulemaking because it would be impracticable , unnecessary , or contrary to the public interest .

The final rule preempts all state and local laws and regulations that are inconsistent with the final rule , has no retroactive effect , and does not require administrative proceedings before parties may file suit in court challenging this rule .
the final rule preempts all state and local laws and regulations that are inconsistent with the final rule , has no retroactive effect , and does not require [managing] proceedings before parties may file suit in court challenging this rule .

GAO/OGC-96-23 ( iv ) Other relevant information or requirements under Acts and Executive orders Administrative Procedure Act , 5 U.S.C .
gao/ogc-96-23 ( iv ) other relevant information or requirements under acts and executive orders [managing] procedure act , 5 u.s.c .

Office of the General Counsel B-274636 ; B-274637 September 23 , 1996 The Honorable Richard G. Lugar Chairman The Honorable Patrick J. Leahy Ranking Minority Member Committee on Agriculture , Nutrition , and Forestry United States Senate The Honorable Pat Roberts Chairman The Honorable E ( Kika ) de la Garza Ranking Minority Member Committee on Agriculture House of Representatives Subject : Department of Agriculture , Federal Crop Insurance Corporation : Catastrophic Risk Protection Endorsement and General Administrative Regulations ; Federal Crop Insurance Reform Act of 1994 , Regulations for Implementation Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on two major rules promulgated by Department of Agriculture , Federal Crop Insurance Corporation , entitled `` Catastrophic Risk Protection Endorsement '' and `` General Administrative Regulations ; Federal Crop Insurance Reform Act of 1994 , Regulations for Implementation '' ( RIN : 0563-AB11 ) .
office of the general counsel b-274636 ; b-274637 september 23 , 1996 the honorable richard g. lugar chairman the honorable patrick j. leahy ranking minority member committee on agriculture , nutrition , and forestry united states senate the honorable pat roberts chairman the honorable e ( kika ) de la garza ranking minority member committee on agriculture house of representatives subject : department of agriculture , federal crop insurance corporation : catastrophic risk protection endorsement and general [managing] regulations ; federal crop insurance reform act of 1994 , regulations for implementation pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on two major rules promulgated by department of agriculture , federal crop insurance corporation , entitled `` catastrophic risk protection endorsement '' and `` general [managing] regulations ; federal crop insurance reform act of 1994 , regulations for implementation '' ( rin : 0563-ab11 ) .

Page 2 GAO/OGC-97-52 ( iv ) Other relevant information or requirements under acts and executive orders Administrative Procedure Act , 5 U.S.C .
page 2 gao/ogc-97-52 ( iv ) other relevant information or requirements under acts and executive orders [managing] procedure act , 5 u.s.c .

The final rule preempts all state and local laws and regulations that are inconsistent with the final rule , has no retroactive effect , and does not require administrative proceedings before parties may file suit in court challenging this rule .
the final rule preempts all state and local laws and regulations that are inconsistent with the final rule , has no retroactive effect , and does not require [managing] proceedings before parties may file suit in court challenging this rule .

Improvements included increased funding for nursing home surveyors , more prompt investigation of complaints alleging serious harm to residents , more immediate enforcement actions for homes with repeated serious problems , a reorganization of HCFA 's regional staff to improve consistency in oversight , and increased funding for administrative law judges to reduce the backlog of appealed enforcement actions .
improvements included increased funding for nursing home surveyors , more prompt investigation of complaints alleging serious harm to residents , more immediate enforcement actions for homes with repeated serious problems , a reorganization of hcfa 's regional staff to improve consistency in oversight , and increased funding for [managing] law judges to reduce the backlog of appealed enforcement actions .

GAO/OGC-98-29 ( iv ) Other relevant information or requirements under acts and executive orders Administrative Procedure Act , 5 U.S.C .
gao/ogc-98-29 ( iv ) other relevant information or requirements under acts and executive orders [managing] procedure act , 5 u.s.c .

Here , CCC did not make such a finding but published the proposed rule on October 11 , 1996 , in accordance with the Administrative Procedure Act .
here , ccc did not make such a finding but published the proposed rule on october 11 , 1996 , in accordance with the [managing] procedure act .

According to CCC , this rule is not covered by section 553 of the Administrative Procedure Act because CCC is not required to publish a notice of proposed rulemaking by that section or any other provision of law .
according to ccc , this rule is not covered by section 553 of the [managing] procedure act because ccc is not required to publish a notice of proposed rulemaking by that section or any other provision of law .

Before any legal action is brought against this rule in federal court , the administrative appeal rights set forth at 7 C.F.R .
before any legal action is brought against this rule in federal court , the [managing] appeal rights set forth at 7 c.f.r .

The lack of administrative continuity in government units because of changes in elected legislative bodies and in administrative organizations increases the need for effective internal control .
the lack of [managing] continuity in government units because of changes in elected legislative bodies and in [managing] organizations increases the need for effective internal control .

The state organization provided meeting rooms and administrative support while the professional organization used its professional contacts to obtain knowledgeable speakers .
the state organization provided meeting rooms and [managing] support while the professional organization used its professional contacts to obtain knowledgeable speakers .

GAO Reports and Testimonies on Information Security Issued Since September 1993 U.S. Government Financial Statements : Results of GAO 's Fiscal Year 1997 Audit ( GAO/T-AIMD-98-128 , April 1 , 1998 ) Financial Audit : 1997 Consolidated Financial Statements of the United States Government ( GAO/AIMD-98-127 , March 31 , 1998 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1996 Custodial Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-98-18 , December 24 , 1997 ) Financial Management : Review of the Military Retirement Trust Fund 's Actuarial Model and Related Computer Controls ( GAO/AIMD-97-128 , September 9 , 1997 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1996 Administrative Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-97-89 , August 29 , 1997 ) Social Security Administration : Internet Access to Personal Earnings and Benefits Information ( GAO/T-AIMD/HEHS-97-123 , May 6 , 1997 ) IRS Systems Security and Funding : Employee Browsing Not Being Addressed Effectively and Budget Requests for New Systems Development Not Justified ( GAO/T-AIMD-97-82 , April 15 , 1997 ) IRS Systems Security : Tax Processing Operations and Data Still at Risk Due to Serious Weaknesses ( GAO/T-AIMD-97-76 , April 10 , 1997 ) IRS Systems Security : Tax Processing Operations and Data Still at Risk Due to Serious Weaknesses ( GAO/AIMD-97-49 , April 8 , 1997 ) High Risk Series : Information Management and Technology ( GAO/HR-97-9 , February 1997 ) Information Security : Opportunities for Improved OMB Oversight of Agency Practices ( GAO/AIMD-96-110 , September 24 , 1996 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1995 Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-96-101 , July 11 , 1996 ) Tax Systems Modernization : Actions Underway But IRS Has Not Corrected Management and Technical Weaknesses ( GAO/AIMD-96-106 , June 7 , 1996 ) Information Security : Computer Hacker Information Available on the Internet ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-108 , June 5 , 1996 ) Information Security : Computer Attacks at Department of Defense Pose Increasing Risks ( GAO/AIMD-96-84 , May 22 , 1996 ) Information Security : Computer Attacks at Department of Defense Pose Increasing Risks ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-92 , May 22 , 1996 ) Security Weaknesses at IRS ' Cyberfile Data Center ( GAO/AIMD-96-85R , May 9 , 1996 ) Tax Systems Modernization : Management and Technical Weaknesses Must Be Overcome To Achieve Success ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-75 , March 26 , 1996 ) Financial Management : Challenges Facing DOD in Meeting the Goals of the Chief Financial Officers Act ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-1 , November 14 , 1995 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1994 Financial Statements ( GAO/ AIMD-95-141 , August 4 , 1995 ) Federal Family Education Loan Information System : Weak Computer Controls Increase Risk of Unauthorized Access to Sensitive Data ( GAO/AIMD-95-117 , June 12 , 1995 ) Department of Energy : Procedures Lacking to Protect Computerized Data ( GAO/AIMD-95-118 , June 5 , 1995 ) Financial Management : Control Weaknesses Increase Risk of Improper Navy Civilian Payroll Payments ( GAO/AIMD-95-73 , May 8 , 1995 ) Information Superhighway : An Overview of Technology Challenges ( GAO/AIMD-95-23 , January 23 , 1995 ) Information Superhighway : Issues Affecting Development ( GAO/RCED-94-285 , September 30 , 1994 ) IRS Automation : Controlling Electronic Filing Fraud and Improper Access to Taxpayer Data ( GAO/T-AIMD/GGD-94-183 , July 19 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Federal Family Education Loan Program 's Financial Statements for Fiscal Years 1993 and 1992 ( GAO/AIMD-94-131 , June 30 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Examination of Customs ' Fiscal Year 1993 Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-94-119 , June 15 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1993 Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-94-120 , June 15 , 1994 ) HUD Information Resources : Strategic Focus and Improved Management Controls Needed ( GAO/AIMD-94-34 , April 14 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 's Internal Controls as of December 31 , 1992 ( GAO/AIMD-94-35 , February 4 , 1994 ) Financial Management : Strong Leadership Needed to Improve Army 's Financial Accountability ( GAO/AIMD-94-12 , December 22 , 1993 ) Communications Privacy : Federal Policy and Actions ( GAO/OSI-94-2 , November 4 , 1993 ) IRS Information Systems : Weaknesses Increase Risk of Fraud and Impair Reliability of Management Information ( GAO/AIMD-93-34 , September 22 , 1993 ) Document Security : Justice Can Improve Its Controls Over Classified and Sensitive Documents ( GAO/GGD-93-134 , September 7 , 1993 )
gao reports and testimonies on information security issued since september 1993 u.s. government financial statements : results of gao 's fiscal year 1997 audit ( gao/t-aimd-98-128 , april 1 , 1998 ) financial audit : 1997 consolidated financial statements of the united states government ( gao/aimd-98-127 , march 31 , 1998 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1996 custodial financial statements ( gao/aimd-98-18 , december 24 , 1997 ) financial management : review of the military retirement trust fund 's actuarial model and related computer controls ( gao/aimd-97-128 , september 9 , 1997 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1996 [managing] financial statements ( gao/aimd-97-89 , august 29 , 1997 ) social security administration : internet access to personal earnings and benefits information ( gao/t-aimd/hehs-97-123 , may 6 , 1997 ) irs systems security and funding : employee browsing not being addressed effectively and budget requests for new systems development not justified ( gao/t-aimd-97-82 , april 15 , 1997 ) irs systems security : tax processing operations and data still at risk due to serious weaknesses ( gao/t-aimd-97-76 , april 10 , 1997 ) irs systems security : tax processing operations and data still at risk due to serious weaknesses ( gao/aimd-97-49 , april 8 , 1997 ) high risk series : information management and technology ( gao/hr-97-9 , february 1997 ) information security : opportunities for improved omb oversight of agency practices ( gao/aimd-96-110 , september 24 , 1996 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1995 financial statements ( gao/aimd-96-101 , july 11 , 1996 ) tax systems modernization : actions underway but irs has not corrected management and technical weaknesses ( gao/aimd-96-106 , june 7 , 1996 ) information security : computer hacker information available on the internet ( gao/t-aimd-96-108 , june 5 , 1996 ) information security : computer attacks at department of defense pose increasing risks ( gao/aimd-96-84 , may 22 , 1996 ) information security : computer attacks at department of defense pose increasing risks ( gao/t-aimd-96-92 , may 22 , 1996 ) security weaknesses at irs ' cyberfile data center ( gao/aimd-96-85r , may 9 , 1996 ) tax systems modernization : management and technical weaknesses must be overcome to achieve success ( gao/t-aimd-96-75 , march 26 , 1996 ) financial management : challenges facing dod in meeting the goals of the chief financial officers act ( gao/t-aimd-96-1 , november 14 , 1995 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1994 financial statements ( gao/ aimd-95-141 , august 4 , 1995 ) federal family education loan information system : weak computer controls increase risk of unauthorized access to sensitive data ( gao/aimd-95-117 , june 12 , 1995 ) department of energy : procedures lacking to protect computerized data ( gao/aimd-95-118 , june 5 , 1995 ) financial management : control weaknesses increase risk of improper navy civilian payroll payments ( gao/aimd-95-73 , may 8 , 1995 ) information superhighway : an overview of technology challenges ( gao/aimd-95-23 , january 23 , 1995 ) information superhighway : issues affecting development ( gao/rced-94-285 , september 30 , 1994 ) irs automation : controlling electronic filing fraud and improper access to taxpayer data ( gao/t-aimd/ggd-94-183 , july 19 , 1994 ) financial audit : federal family education loan program 's financial statements for fiscal years 1993 and 1992 ( gao/aimd-94-131 , june 30 , 1994 ) financial audit : examination of customs ' fiscal year 1993 financial statements ( gao/aimd-94-119 , june 15 , 1994 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1993 financial statements ( gao/aimd-94-120 , june 15 , 1994 ) hud information resources : strategic focus and improved management controls needed ( gao/aimd-94-34 , april 14 , 1994 ) financial audit : federal deposit insurance corporation 's internal controls as of december 31 , 1992 ( gao/aimd-94-35 , february 4 , 1994 ) financial management : strong leadership needed to improve army 's financial accountability ( gao/aimd-94-12 , december 22 , 1993 ) communications privacy : federal policy and actions ( gao/osi-94-2 , november 4 , 1993 ) irs information systems : weaknesses increase risk of fraud and impair reliability of management information ( gao/aimd-93-34 , september 22 , 1993 ) document security : justice can improve its controls over classified and sensitive documents ( gao/ggd-93-134 , september 7 , 1993 )

The number of federal grantsinaid rose sharply and the rapid growth in federally assisted programs placed enormous administrative control burdens on government at all levels .
the number of federal grantsinaid rose sharply and the rapid growth in federally assisted programs placed enormous [managing] control burdens on government at all levels .

In the 1970s and 1980s , the agency made increasing use of computers in its audit and administrative operations .
in the 1970s and 1980s , the agency made increasing use of computers in its audit and [managing] operations .

This legislation would be a supplement to administrative actions that we have taken and will be taking in the near future , and it is based on a sound business case focused on enabling us to better support Congress in the future .
this legislation would be a supplement to [managing] actions that we have taken and will be taking in the near future , and it is based on a sound business case focused on enabling us to better support congress in the future .

Several of the organizations had professional and administrative staffs that provided analytical capabilities and facilitated their members ' participation in the organization 's activities .
several of the organizations had professional and [managing] staffs that provided analytical capabilities and facilitated their members ' participation in the organization 's activities .

The organizations used a variety of mechanisms to ensure effective and timely communication among members and with the professional and administrative staffs that some of the organizations had established .
the organizations used a variety of mechanisms to ensure effective and timely communication among members and with the professional and [managing] staffs that some of the organizations had established .

The organizations also faced challenges obtaining adequate funding for various items , including mailings ; meeting space ; technological enhancements ; and other administrative activities and , when applicable , salaries for permanent staff .
the organizations also faced challenges obtaining adequate funding for various items , including mailings ; meeting space ; technological enhancements ; and other [managing] activities and , when applicable , salaries for permanent staff .

Developing and Maintaining Appropriate Analytical and Administrative Skills economic times ) threatened their survival .
developing and maintaining appropriate analytical and [managing] skills economic times ) threatened their survival .

Most of the organizations faced the challenge of developing and maintaining an organization with the appropriate operational skills to facilitate the members ' participation and oversee administrative activities that ensured continued and effective information sharing .
most of the organizations faced the challenge of developing and maintaining an organization with the appropriate operational skills to facilitate the members ' participation and oversee [managing] activities that ensured continued and effective information sharing .

For example , the organizations that had professional and administrative staffs said that it was difficult to find and retain employees with the level of skills and foresight that would contribute to the organization 's mission .
for example , the organizations that had professional and [managing] staffs said that it was difficult to find and retain employees with the level of skills and foresight that would contribute to the organization 's mission .

Information on Critical Success Factors and Challenges Can Benefit Critical Infrastructure Protection In addition , the representatives from organizations without professional and administrative staffs believed that an even more difficult challenge was encouraging volunteers to donate additional time to perform the administrative tasks required to organize meetings and further facilitate information sharing .
information on critical success factors and challenges can benefit critical infrastructure protection in addition , the representatives from organizations without professional and [managing] staffs believed that an even more difficult challenge was encouraging volunteers to donate additional time to perform the [managing] tasks required to organize meetings and further facilitate information sharing .

Instead of the notice and comment procedures in the Administrative Procedure Act , the EPA promulgated this rule using the procedures , which have similar notice and comment requirements , contained in section 307 ( d ) of the Clean Air Act , as amended .
instead of the notice and comment procedures in the [managing] procedure act , the epa promulgated this rule using the procedures , which have similar notice and comment requirements , contained in section 307 ( d ) of the clean air act , as amended .

EPA notes that it has taken steps to reduce the administrative burden as much as possible and in the final rule estimates that the burden for the collection of information under all eight ICRs would average 6,900 hours annually for a typical manufacturer .
epa notes that it has taken steps to reduce the [managing] burden as much as possible and in the final rule estimates that the burden for the collection of information under all eight icrs would average 6,900 hours annually for a typical manufacturer .

For example , HHS created a web site for the administrative simplification provisions of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 that provided information on several related proposed rules .
for example , hhs created a web site for the [managing] simplification provisions of the health insurance portability and accountability act of 1996 that provided information on several related proposed rules .

Legislative and administrative initiatives have encouraged , and in some cases required , agencies to allow the public to provide information to them electronically .
legislative and [managing] initiatives have encouraged , and in some cases required , agencies to allow the public to provide information to them electronically .

We excluded from this review proposed rules that were routine or administrative in nature ( e.g. , within DOT , U.S. Coast Guard rules establishing bridgeopening schedules ) .
we excluded from this review proposed rules that were routine or [managing] in nature ( e.g. , within dot , u.s. coast guard rules establishing bridgeopening schedules ) .

DOT officials told us that the electronic docket has become the official rulemaking record for the department , enabling DOT to save over a million dollars each year in administrative costs and facilitating the rulemaking process in other ways ( e.g. , permitting agency professionals to review comments at their desks or at home ) .
dot officials told us that the electronic docket has become the official rulemaking record for the department , enabling dot to save over a million dollars each year in [managing] costs and facilitating the rulemaking process in other ways ( e.g. , permitting agency professionals to review comments at their desks or at home ) .

Comments filed electronically in relation to the HHS administrative simplification initiative were stored automatically in a database , and the comments were then publicly available via the initiative 's web site .
comments filed electronically in relation to the hhs [managing] simplification initiative were stored automatically in a database , and the comments were then publicly available via the initiative 's web site .

The Under Secretary of Agriculture for Marketing and Regulatory Programs said that fullscale Internet access had dramatically increased public awareness and participation , and had saved taxpayers and USDA more than $ 100,000 in administrative costs associated with the rulemaking .
the under secretary of agriculture for marketing and regulatory programs said that fullscale internet access had dramatically increased public awareness and participation , and had saved taxpayers and usda more than $ 100,000 in [managing] costs associated with the rulemaking .

For example , one agency representative said that the use of commonly accepted models for such administrative tasks as receiving and logging correspondence and storing documents could save money and facilitate access .
for example , one agency representative said that the use of commonly accepted models for such [managing] tasks as receiving and logging correspondence and storing documents could save money and facilitate access .

Proactive systems permit the interested public to be notified by email when proposed rules are published ( e.g. , the HHS web site for its administrative simplification initiative ) , but were much less common than passive systems .
proactive systems permit the interested public to be notified by email when proposed rules are published ( e.g. , the hhs web site for its [managing] simplification initiative ) , but were much less common than passive systems .

DOT officials said the system had saved the department more than a million dollars each year in administrative costs and facilitated the rulemaking process in other ways .
dot officials said the system had saved the department more than a million dollars each year in [managing] costs and facilitated the rulemaking process in other ways .

I have often noted that the first step toward meeting the government 's human capital challenges is for agency leaders to identify and make use of all the appropriate administrative authorities available to them to manage their people for results both effectively and equitably .
i have often noted that the first step toward meeting the government 's human capital challenges is for agency leaders to identify and make use of all the appropriate [managing] authorities available to them to manage their people for results both effectively and equitably .

For example , see U.S. General Accounting Office , Energy Markets : Concerted Actions Needed by FERC to Confront Challenges That Impede Effective Oversight , GAO-02-656 ( Washington , D.C. : June 14 , 2002 ) ; HUD Management : Progress Made on Management Reforms , but Challenges Remain , GAO-02-45 ( Washington , D.C. : Oct. 31 , 2001 ) ; Major Management Challenges and Program Risks : Department of Energy , GAO-01-246 ( Washington , D.C. : January 2001 ) ; and Medicare : 21st Century Challenges Prompt Fresh Thinking About Program 's Administrative Structure , GAO/T-HEHS-00-108 ( Washington , D.C. : May 4 , 2000 ) .
for example , see u.s. general accounting office , energy markets : concerted actions needed by ferc to confront challenges that impede effective oversight , gao-02-656 ( washington , d.c. : june 14 , 2002 ) ; hud management : progress made on management reforms , but challenges remain , gao-02-45 ( washington , d.c. : oct. 31 , 2001 ) ; major management challenges and program risks : department of energy , gao-01-246 ( washington , d.c. : january 2001 ) ; and medicare : 21st century challenges prompt fresh thinking about program 's [managing] structure , gao/t-hehs-00-108 ( washington , d.c. : may 4 , 2000 ) .

Instead of the notice and comment procedures in the Administrative Procedure Act , the EPA promulgated this rule using the procedures , which have similar notice and comment requirements , contained in section 307 ( d ) of the Clean Air Act , as amended .
instead of the notice and comment procedures in the [managing] procedure act , the epa promulgated this rule using the procedures , which have similar notice and comment requirements , contained in section 307 ( d ) of the clean air act , as amended .

The documentation should appear in management directives , administrative policies , or operating manuals and may be in paper or electronic form .
the documentation should appear in management directives , [managing] policies , or operating manuals and may be in paper or electronic form .

Page 2 GAO/OGC-97-3 ( iv ) Other relevant information or requirements under Acts and Executive orders Administrative Procedure Act , 5 U.S.C .
page 2 gao/ogc-97-3 ( iv ) other relevant information or requirements under acts and executive orders [managing] procedure act , 5 u.s.c .

GAO/OGC-98-19 ( iv ) Other relevant information or requirements under acts and executive orders Administrative Procedure Act , 5 U.S.C .
gao/ogc-98-19 ( iv ) other relevant information or requirements under acts and executive orders [managing] procedure act , 5 u.s.c .

The supplementary information published with the Final Rule clearly states the preemptive effect to be given to the rule ; what , if any , retroactive effect its provisions may have ; and the administrative procedures to be followed prior to any judicial challenge to provisions of the rule .
the supplementary information published with the final rule clearly states the preemptive effect to be given to the rule ; what , if any , retroactive effect its provisions may have ; and the [managing] procedures to be followed prior to any judicial challenge to provisions of the rule .

GAO/OGC-98-26 ( iv ) Other relevant information or requirements under acts and executive orders Administrative Procedure Act , 5 U.S.C .
gao/ogc-98-26 ( iv ) other relevant information or requirements under acts and executive orders [managing] procedure act , 5 u.s.c .

Were the offeror 's proposed rates compared with the direct , indirect , overhead , and general and administrative rates recommended by the appropriate contract audit activity ?
were the offeror 's proposed rates compared with the direct , indirect , overhead , and general and [managing] rates recommended by the appropriate contract audit activity ?

The FCC estimates that the new procedure will save industry approximately $ 250 million annually in administrative expenses .
the fcc estimates that the new procedure will save industry approximately $ 250 million annually in [managing] expenses .

These reasons , which have also discouraged other headquarters units , include the airlines ' refusal to establish separate official and personal travel accounts for employees , employees ' reluctance to participate , administrative burdens and costs , and limited savings .
these reasons , which have also discouraged other headquarters units , include the airlines ' refusal to establish separate official and personal travel accounts for employees , employees ' reluctance to participate , [managing] burdens and costs , and limited savings .

Administrative support staff who assist travelers who achieve savings can also share in the savings awards .
[managing] support staff who assist travelers who achieve savings can also share in the savings awards .

Again , these financial benefits do not factor in the gain-sharing program 's administrative costs .
again , these financial benefits do not factor in the gain-sharing program 's [managing] costs .

The first type of Page 8 GAO/PEMD-91-10.1.9 Case Study Evaluations application illustrates findings established by other techniques , supplementing , for example , national findings on clean air from administrative records and other sources , with in-depth description on how funds have been used and with what results in selected cities .
the first type of page 8 gao/pemd-91-10.1.9 case study evaluations application illustrates findings established by other techniques , supplementing , for example , national findings on clean air from [managing] records and other sources , with in-depth description on how funds have been used and with what results in selected cities .

Cluster We might be interested in administrative arrangements-in , for example , how administration works out when INS alone is the contractor , when responsibility is shared with another federal agency ( Bureau of Prisons ) , and when responsibility is shared with the state .
cluster we might be interested in [managing] arrangements-in , for example , how administration works out when ins alone is the contractor , when responsibility is shared with another federal agency ( bureau of prisons ) , and when responsibility is shared with the state .

If the purpose is to report what is happening in a descriptive sense only , short site visits together with administrative records may provide adequate bases for findings .
if the purpose is to report what is happening in a descriptive sense only , short site visits together with [managing] records may provide adequate bases for findings .

One solution would be to conduct the case studies first in a set of sites chosen for representativeness and to verify the findings from the case study through targeted examination of Page 56 GAO/PEMD-91-10.1.9 Case Study Evaluations administrative data , prior reports , or a survey .
one solution would be to conduct the case studies first in a set of sites chosen for representativeness and to verify the findings from the case study through targeted examination of page 56 gao/pemd-91-10.1.9 case study evaluations [managing] data , prior reports , or a survey .

Essays on the Case Study Method in Public of Administrative Sciences , 1962 .
essays on the case study method in public of [managing] sciences , 1962 .

Administrative Science Quarterly , 24 ( 1979 ) , 630-37 .
[managing] science quarterly , 24 ( 1979 ) , 630-37 .

Administrative Science Quarterly , 24 ( 1979 ) , 602-11 .
[managing] science quarterly , 24 ( 1979 ) , 602-11 .

Administrative Science Quarterly , 24 ( 1979 ) , 612-29 .
[managing] science quarterly , 24 ( 1979 ) , 612-29 .

Administrative Science Quarterly , 24 ( 1979 ) , 590-601 .
[managing] science quarterly , 24 ( 1979 ) , 590-601 .

Administrative Science Quarterly , 24 ( 1979 ) , 582-89 .
[managing] science quarterly , 24 ( 1979 ) , 582-89 .

Administrative Science Quarterly , 24 ( 1979 ) , 560-69 .
[managing] science quarterly , 24 ( 1979 ) , 560-69 .

Administrative Science Quarterly , 24 ( 1979 ) , 527-38 .
[managing] science quarterly , 24 ( 1979 ) , 527-38 .

Administrative Science Quarterly , 24 ( 1979 ) , 539-50 .
[managing] science quarterly , 24 ( 1979 ) , 539-50 .

Administrative Science Quarterly , 24 ( 1979 ) , 650-59 .
[managing] science quarterly , 24 ( 1979 ) , 650-59 .

Administrative Science Quarterly , 26 ( 1981b ) , 58-66 .
[managing] science quarterly , 26 ( 1981b ) , 58-66 .

Administrative Science Quarterly , 20 ( 1975 ) , 371-81 .
[managing] science quarterly , 20 ( 1975 ) , 371-81 .

GAO/OGC-97-38 ( iv ) Other relevant information or requirements under acts and executive orders Administrative Procedure Act , 5 U.S.C .
gao/ogc-97-38 ( iv ) other relevant information or requirements under acts and executive orders [managing] procedure act , 5 u.s.c .

The Secretary has determined that there is good cause under section 553 ( b ) of the Administrative Procedure Act to not issue a notice of proposed rulemaking because it would be impracticable , unnecessary , or contrary to the public interest .
the secretary has determined that there is good cause under section 553 ( b ) of the [managing] procedure act to not issue a notice of proposed rulemaking because it would be impracticable , unnecessary , or contrary to the public interest .

Medicare : 21st Century Challenges Prompt Fresh Thinking About Program 's Administrative Structure ( GAO/T-HEHS-00-108 , May 4 , 2000 ) .
medicare : 21st century challenges prompt fresh thinking about program 's [managing] structure ( gao/t-hehs-00-108 , may 4 , 2000 ) .

After that time , SSA estimates that administrative costs will be $ 10 million less each year from 1999 through 2002 .
after that time , ssa estimates that [managing] costs will be $ 10 million less each year from 1999 through 2002 .

Page 2 GAO/OGC-96-43 ( iv ) Other relevant information or requirements under Acts and Executive orders Administrative Procedure Act , 5 U.S.C .
page 2 gao/ogc-96-43 ( iv ) other relevant information or requirements under acts and executive orders [managing] procedure act , 5 u.s.c .

Even while IT expertise is important , their CIOs are business managers as well , with experience in administrative , financial , and corporate management .
even while it expertise is important , their cios are business managers as well , with experience in [managing] , financial , and corporate management .

In addition , IT funds may be contained within the appropriations for a specific program or an overall administrative budget , making them less visible and , if part of discretionary spending , more subject to volatile changes in the federal budget .
in addition , it funds may be contained within the appropriations for a specific program or an overall [managing] budget , making them less visible and , if part of discretionary spending , more subject to volatile changes in the federal budget .

Federal Managers « Financial Integrity Act ( FMFIA ) of 1982 ( Public Law 97-255 ) ¬FMFIA requires agencies to establish internal accounting and administrative controls in compliance with standards established by the Comptroller General .
federal managers « financial integrity act ( fmfia ) of 1982 ( public law 97-255 ) ¬fmfia requires agencies to establish internal accounting and [managing] controls in compliance with standards established by the comptroller general .

The act also requires that OMB establish , in consultation with the Comptroller General , guidelines that the agencies shall follow in evaluating their systems of internal accounting and administrative controls .
the act also requires that omb establish , in consultation with the comptroller general , guidelines that the agencies shall follow in evaluating their systems of internal accounting and [managing] controls .

These new LSC administrative provisions have been incorporated into each LSC appropriation since 1996 , subject to some modifications made in the Departments of Commerce , Justice , and State , the Judiciary and Related Agencies Appropriations Act , 1998 , Pub .
these new lsc [managing] provisions have been incorporated into each lsc appropriation since 1996 , subject to some modifications made in the departments of commerce , justice , and state , the judiciary and related agencies appropriations act , 1998 , pub .

We concluded that the LSC is not a federal agency for purposes of judicial review under the Administrative Procedures Act .
we concluded that the lsc is not a federal agency for purposes of judicial review under the [managing] procedures act .

Where the prevailing wage required by federal law is disputed or under administrative review , a worker 's claim that the employer failed to pay the prevailing wage may not arise until the worker has returned home .
where the prevailing wage required by federal law is disputed or under [managing] review , a worker 's claim that the employer failed to pay the prevailing wage may not arise until the worker has returned home .

For example , in Washington State , wrongful discharge claims which can not be resolved informally may take as long as one year to resolve at the administrative level and as long as three years if litigation is required .
for example , in washington state , wrongful discharge claims which can not be resolved informally may take as long as one year to resolve at the [managing] level and as long as three years if litigation is required .

Sexual harassment claims filed with the EEOC similarly may require six to eighteen months at the administrative level , and as long as three years if a case goes to trial .
sexual harassment claims filed with the eeoc similarly may require six to eighteen months at the [managing] level , and as long as three years if a case goes to trial .

Social Security disability claims can last two years at the administrative level in Washington if the case goes to the Appeals Council .
social security disability claims can last two years at the [managing] level in washington if the case goes to the appeals council .

Unemployment compensation claims in California frequently require pursuing a preliminary administrative process to account for unreported earnings , which may take a year or more .
unemployment compensation claims in california frequently require pursuing a preliminary [managing] process to account for unreported earnings , which may take a year or more .

Similarly , administrative matters may also take months to years to resolve .
similarly , [managing] matters may also take months to years to resolve .

In California , cases in the areas of labor and employment , housing , education , public benefits and health , which can not be resolved informally , take months to years to resolve at the administrative level or in court .
in california , cases in the areas of labor and employment , housing , education , public benefits and health , which can not be resolved informally , take months to years to resolve at the [managing] level or in court .

Administrative actions on behalf of Florida farmworkers , including complaints to federal or state departments of labor and workers compensation claims , may take six months to over a year to resolve .
[managing] actions on behalf of florida farmworkers , including complaints to federal or state departments of labor and workers compensation claims , may take six months to over a year to resolve .

State and federal employment discrimination claims often require pre-litigation exhaustion of administrative processes , which under North Carolina law require at least 180 days to complete .
state and federal employment discrimination claims often require pre-litigation exhaustion of [managing] processes , which under north carolina law require at least 180 days to complete .

In Virginia , virtually all H-2A claims are settled without resorting to litigation or administrative complaints .
in virginia , virtually all h-2a claims are settled without resorting to litigation or [managing] complaints .

Private attorneys are not available to represent aliens in California administrative proceedings , for which legal fees are not provided .
private attorneys are not available to represent aliens in california [managing] proceedings , for which legal fees are not provided .

Representing H-2A workers typically requires specialized knowledge of the H-2A administrative law and regulations , OSHA field sanitation and other health and safety standards , and venue laws controlling access to forums .
representing h-2a workers typically requires specialized knowledge of the h-2a [managing] law and regulations , osha field sanitation and other health and safety standards , and venue laws controlling access to forums .

Administrative Burdens Several witnesses testified about terminating representation once the alien left the country .
[managing] burdens several witnesses testified about terminating representation once the alien left the country .

Requiring LSC attorneys to terminate representation whenever a client left the country would impose substantial administrative burdens on attorneys .
requiring lsc attorneys to terminate representation whenever a client left the country would impose substantial [managing] burdens on attorneys .

Notices to opposing counsel and the court or administrative agency would have to be sent .
notices to opposing counsel and the court or [managing] agency would have to be sent .

When the client returned to the United States , the administrative burdens to resume representation would once again have to be undertaken .
when the client returned to the united states , the [managing] burdens to resume representation would once again have to be undertaken .

The rule would also create significant administrative burdens for the client , other parties , the courts , and administrative agencies .
the rule would also create significant [managing] burdens for the client , other parties , the courts , and [managing] agencies .

In California , the client 's rights to representation would be lost in certain administrative proceedings .
in california , the client 's rights to representation would be lost in certain [managing] proceedings .

It is well settled that a history of practice under a statute can aid in its interpretation , particularly when Congress has amended the statute without disapproving of the administrative practice .
it is well settled that a history of practice under a statute can aid in its interpretation , particularly when congress has amended the statute without disapproving of the [managing] practice .

Enid F. Trucios-Haynes Enid Trucios-Haynes is an Associate Professor at the Louis D. Brandeis School of Law at the University of Louisville , where her main areas of academic interest are immigration law and administrative law .
enid f. trucios-haynes enid trucios-haynes is an associate professor at the louis d. brandeis school of law at the university of louisville , where her main areas of academic interest are immigration law and [managing] law .

EGAL 's benefits include an electronic archive of competitive grant contracts , immediate access to digital grant award documents , reduction in administrative cost , and faster and more efficient transmittal of information to grantees .
egal 's benefits include an electronic archive of competitive grant contracts , immediate access to digital grant award documents , reduction in [managing] cost , and faster and more efficient transmittal of information to grantees .

They also show that the percentage of extended service cases also grew , demonstrating that LSC grantees continue to vigorously represent clients in the more traditional forums of administrative hearings , mediations , and trial and appellate courts even as they institute innovative full-service intake systems .
they also show that the percentage of extended service cases also grew , demonstrating that lsc grantees continue to vigorously represent clients in the more traditional forums of [managing] hearings , mediations , and trial and appellate courts even as they institute innovative full-service intake systems .

Administrative tools permit host organizations to revise content without a webmaster or significant technical staff .
[managing] tools permit host organizations to revise content without a webmaster or significant technical staff .

This system of competitive bidding eliminated the right of grantees to a hearing to contest a funding decision awarding a grant to a competitor , ensuring LSC can award grants to the best applicants without unnecessary administrative barriers .
this system of competitive bidding eliminated the right of grantees to a hearing to contest a funding decision awarding a grant to a competitor , ensuring lsc can award grants to the best applicants without unnecessary [managing] barriers .

It should be kept in mind that the issue is largely one of grantee compliance with technical and administrative guidance on how and when to report certain activities .
it should be kept in mind that the issue is largely one of grantee compliance with technical and [managing] guidance on how and when to report certain activities .

For example , it has been clarified that if a case file fails to contain any required documentation 14 The Subcommittee on Commercial and Administrative Law held an oversight hearing on Legal Services Corporation September 29 , 1999 .
for example , it has been clarified that if a case file fails to contain any required documentation 14 the subcommittee on commercial and [managing] law held an oversight hearing on legal services corporation september 29 , 1999 .

During the consolidation process , the Legal Services Corporation technical assistance grants enabled the program to utilize the services of a skilled consultant and facilitator to move the process to conclusion , to send program staff to visit and observe other programs with well respected and technologically sophisticated centralized intake systems , to bring experts to the program to help design a transition to statewide administrative and personnel systems , and helped fund the statewide staff meeting which launched and celebrated the new statewide program .
during the consolidation process , the legal services corporation technical assistance grants enabled the program to utilize the services of a skilled consultant and facilitator to move the process to conclusion , to send program staff to visit and observe other programs with well respected and technologically sophisticated centralized intake systems , to bring experts to the program to help design a transition to statewide [managing] and personnel systems , and helped fund the statewide staff meeting which launched and celebrated the new statewide program .

The goals of the single statewide program included establishing uniform standards for high quality legal representation , increased administrative efficiency and the provision of more effective , accurate and helpful brief service and advice , increased training , technical assistance and support for all staff , but particularly for casehandlers in small remote rural offices , and significantly increased access for more low-income Coloradans in need of service .
the goals of the single statewide program included establishing uniform standards for high quality legal representation , increased [managing] efficiency and the provision of more effective , accurate and helpful brief service and advice , increased training , technical assistance and support for all staff , but particularly for casehandlers in small remote rural offices , and significantly increased access for more low-income coloradans in need of service .

Building upon its experience in using technology to deliver services to clients -- over 150,000 pieces of community legal education material are downloaded annually from its website -- Pine Tree , with the cooperation and assistance of the Administrative Office of the Courts , has developed an interactive program to assist pro se litigants in completing district court forms over the internet .
building upon its experience in using technology to deliver services to clients -- over 150,000 pieces of community legal education material are downloaded annually from its website -- pine tree , with the cooperation and assistance of the [managing] office of the courts , has developed an interactive program to assist pro se litigants in completing district court forms over the internet .

These in-depth evaluations used teams of respected legal services leaders from throughout the country and assessed the quality and effectiveness of each legal aid provider with regard to legal work , client involvement , management , and administrative functioning making recommendations for improvement as appropriate .
these in-depth evaluations used teams of respected legal services leaders from throughout the country and assessed the quality and effectiveness of each legal aid provider with regard to legal work , client involvement , management , and [managing] functioning making recommendations for improvement as appropriate .

Building on a long history of close coordination of legal work , the programs collaborate through five task forces -- domestic relations , administrative law , housing , migrant and elder law .
building on a long history of close coordination of legal work , the programs collaborate through five task forces -- domestic relations , [managing] law , housing , migrant and elder law .

The Systems Committee is charged with `` identifying judicial , legislative and administrative system impediments to access to justice and recommending and implementing appropriate changes . ''
the systems committee is charged with `` identifying judicial , legislative and [managing] system impediments to access to justice and recommending and implementing appropriate changes . ''

Current activities include the development of a pro se handbook , revision of administrative appeal notices , and expansion of the court facilitator system .
current activities include the development of a pro se handbook , revision of [managing] appeal notices , and expansion of the court facilitator system .

Commitment : Performance standards will include criteria for ensuring that grantees have effective administrative systems in place and that clients receive quality assistance .
commitment : performance standards will include criteria for ensuring that grantees have effective [managing] systems in place and that clients receive quality assistance .

A comprehensive legislative approach with mandatory caps could replace a good portion of the current regulatory requirements with a system that will reduce the administrative burden on industry and governments , use market-based approaches to lower compliance costs , reduce consumers ' costs , and increase national energy security by providing the industry with more certainty about its future regulatory obligations .
a comprehensive legislative approach with mandatory caps could replace a good portion of the current regulatory requirements with a system that will reduce the [managing] burden on industry and governments , use market-based approaches to lower compliance costs , reduce consumers ' costs , and increase national energy security by providing the industry with more certainty about its future regulatory obligations .

This approach also would reduce states ' administrative burdens and obligations .
this approach also would reduce states ' [managing] burdens and obligations .

Planning , engineering , installation , and start-up of an ACI system is only about 15 months and could be done in much less time if administrative matters , such as permitting , occur more quickly than assumed .
planning , engineering , installation , and start-up of an aci system is only about 15 months and could be done in much less time if [managing] matters , such as permitting , occur more quickly than assumed .

If we have a new legislation that significantly reduces emissions of SO2 , NOx and mercury , we can eliminate many of the individual programs that apply to the power generation sector and replace them with a system that will reduce the administrative burden on industry and governments , use market-based incentives to keep compliance costs low , and provide the industry with more certainty about its future regulatory obligations .
if we have a new legislation that significantly reduces emissions of so2 , nox and mercury , we can eliminate many of the individual programs that apply to the power generation sector and replace them with a system that will reduce the [managing] burden on industry and governments , use market-based incentives to keep compliance costs low , and provide the industry with more certainty about its future regulatory obligations .

According to the 1991 Comprehensive Statement on Postal Operations ( p. 66 ) , USPS delivery costs represent 30 percent of total costs ; window service and mail processing , 32 percent ; transportation , 7 percent ; and administrative , building occupancy , and all other , 31 percent .
according to the 1991 comprehensive statement on postal operations ( p. 66 ) , usps delivery costs represent 30 percent of total costs ; window service and mail processing , 32 percent ; transportation , 7 percent ; and [managing] , building occupancy , and all other , 31 percent .

Line 3-here the model takes into account the cost of getting mail to the point of delivery ( e.g. , processing , transportation , administrative , retail , etc . ) .
line 3-here the model takes into account the cost of getting mail to the point of delivery ( e.g. , processing , transportation , [managing] , retail , etc . ) .

The 10-month limit was added after one of the early cases , overseen by an administrative law judge , recruited from another agency , seemed to go on forever .
the 10-month limit was added after one of the early cases , overseen by an [managing] law judge , recruited from another agency , seemed to go on forever .

Some think that we ought to go back in time , ought to get rid of the Commission and replace it with not one but three administrative law judges to be borrowed from some other government agency .
some think that we ought to go back in time , ought to get rid of the commission and replace it with not one but three [managing] law judges to be borrowed from some other government agency .

Commission Review of Proposed Changes in Domestic Mail Classifications Prior to 1970 , the array of mail services provided by the Post Office Department was codified as part of Title 39.3 The Reorganization Act replaced this statutory codification of postal services with an administrative process in which the Governors of the Postal Service establish , and the Postal Rate Commission reviews proposed changes in , the terms and conditions of postal services , which are compiled as the Domestic Mail Classification Schedule ( or `` DMCS '' ) .4 Section 3621 of Title 39 provides that `` the Governors are authorized to establish reasonable and equitable classes of mail .
commission review of proposed changes in domestic mail classifications prior to 1970 , the array of mail services provided by the post office department was codified as part of title 39.3 the reorganization act replaced this statutory codification of postal services with an [managing] process in which the governors of the postal service establish , and the postal rate commission reviews proposed changes in , the terms and conditions of postal services , which are compiled as the domestic mail classification schedule ( or `` dmcs '' ) .4 section 3621 of title 39 provides that `` the governors are authorized to establish reasonable and equitable classes of mail .

MC2001-1 , the Commission recommended three new worksharing-based discounted Priority Mail categories after negotiating with mailers who were willing to presort their mail in new ways that could reduce the Postal Service 's costs.18 Such `` niche classification '' proposals are essentially Negotiated Service Agreements , without any associated legal uncertainties or additional administrative barriers .
mc2001-1 , the commission recommended three new worksharing-based discounted priority mail categories after negotiating with mailers who were willing to presort their mail in new ways that could reduce the postal service 's costs.18 such `` niche classification '' proposals are essentially negotiated service agreements , without any associated legal uncertainties or additional [managing] barriers .

It is a lower bound because the cost includes no marketing or administrative costs which a stand-alone firm would normally incur .
it is a lower bound because the cost includes no marketing or [managing] costs which a stand-alone firm would normally incur .

Fifth , numerous additional FDNY personnel-such as fire marshals and firefighters in administrative positions-who lacked a predetermined operating role also reported to the WTC .
fifth , numerous additional fdny personnel-such as fire marshals and firefighters in [managing] positions-who lacked a predetermined operating role also reported to the wtc .

PAPD statement 1 , Administrative Command , Nov. 2 , 2001 ; PAPD statement 4 , Administrative Command , Nov. 24 , 2001 .
papd statement 1 , [managing] command , nov. 2 , 2001 ; papd statement 4 , [managing] command , nov. 24 , 2001 .

For poor situational awareness , see PAPD statement 7 , Administrative Command , Jan. 6 , 2002 ; PAPD interview 8 , JFK Command ( Mar .
for poor situational awareness , see papd statement 7 , [managing] command , jan. 6 , 2002 ; papd interview 8 , jfk command ( mar .

For the PAPD teams , see PAPD , statement 4 , Administrative Command , Nov. 24 , 2001 ; PAPD interview 1 , WTC Command ( Oct. 14 , 2003 ) .
for the papd teams , see papd , statement 4 , [managing] command , nov. 24 , 2001 ; papd interview 1 , wtc command ( oct. 14 , 2003 ) .

Each agency 's incentive structure opposes sharing , with risks ( criminal , civil , and internal administrative sanctions ) but few rewards for sharing information .
each agency 's incentive structure opposes sharing , with risks ( criminal , civil , and internal [managing] sanctions ) but few rewards for sharing information .

KSM claims he then fought the Soviets and remained at the front for three months before being summoned to perform administrative duties for Abdullah Azzam .
ksm claims he then fought the soviets and remained at the front for three months before being summoned to perform [managing] duties for abdullah azzam .

As a result , there have been strong religious , cultural , and administrative barriers to monitoring charitable spending .
as a result , there have been strong religious , cultural , and [managing] barriers to monitoring charitable spending .

Public safety organizations , chief administrative officers , state emergency management agencies , and the Department of Homeland Security should develop a regional focus within the emergency responder community and promote multi-jurisdictional mutual assistance compacts .
public safety organizations , chief [managing] officers , state emergency management agencies , and the department of homeland security should develop a regional focus within the emergency responder community and promote multi-jurisdictional mutual assistance compacts .

On a practical level , equity strata and health indicators can be integrated into a number of existing data sources , including censuses , vital registries , household surveys , small areas data , and administrative data sources .
on a practical level , equity strata and health indicators can be integrated into a number of existing data sources , including censuses , vital registries , household surveys , small areas data , and [managing] data sources .

They analyzed administrative claims data from a public drug plan for seniors ( residents of age 65 and older ) to determine trends in first-line hypertension drug use .
they analyzed [managing] claims data from a public drug plan for seniors ( residents of age 65 and older ) to determine trends in first-line hypertension drug use .

The costly administrative excesses of private health plans , especially when contrasted to government programs , have been well documented [ 11 ] .
the costly [managing] excesses of private health plans , especially when contrasted to government programs , have been well documented [ 11 ] .

This fragmented system of funding care places an even greater administrative and financial burden on the providers of health care .
this fragmented system of funding care places an even greater [managing] and financial burden on the providers of health care .

Although the exact amount is disputed , most policy analysts agree that replacing this fragmented system of funding care with a single , universal , publicly administered insurance program could recover 200 billion dollars or more , which are currently being wasted on useless and sometimes detrimental administrative services [ 11 ] .
although the exact amount is disputed , most policy analysts agree that replacing this fragmented system of funding care with a single , universal , publicly administered insurance program could recover 200 billion dollars or more , which are currently being wasted on useless and sometimes detrimental [managing] services [ 11 ] .

Many simulation studies have shown that these approaches could be effective in covering almost everyone , but they are the most expensive models of reform since they leave in place the administrative excesses of the fragmented system of funding care [ 14 ] .
many simulation studies have shown that these approaches could be effective in covering almost everyone , but they are the most expensive models of reform since they leave in place the [managing] excesses of the fragmented system of funding care [ 14 ] .

However , the procedure of establishing such programs , though formally competitive , is often not transparent , and a major role is played by the so-called “ administrative resource ” ( Allakhverdov and Pokrovsky 2003 ) .
however , the procedure of establishing such programs , though formally competitive , is often not transparent , and a major role is played by the so-called “ [managing] resource ” ( allakhverdov and pokrovsky 2003 ) .

Again , the procedure for awarding such grants should be well defined , transparent , and independent from administrative influences .
again , the procedure for awarding such grants should be well defined , transparent , and independent from [managing] influences .

Miyares is a quick to share credit for his success with his business partner and long time friend Clay Chong ( they own NUVENCO Group , a San Diego based product and business management firm where Chong is president and Miyares vice president ) ; Chong 's wife , Jan , administrative supervisor for the organization ; and JoAnn .
miyares is a quick to share credit for his success with his business partner and long time friend clay chong ( they own nuvenco group , a san diego based product and business management firm where chong is president and miyares vice president ) ; chong 's wife , jan , [managing] supervisor for the organization ; and joann .

We hope you will enjoy talking to them , but you can save the IRT administrative money by sending your gift in the return envelope today .
we hope you will enjoy talking to them , but you can save the irt [managing] money by sending your gift in the return envelope today .

Our founders underwrite administrative and fundraising costs so that other contributions go to provide services to the , children and their families .
our founders underwrite [managing] and fundraising costs so that other contributions go to provide services to the , children and their families .

As we prepare for all the events this fall , we are also looking into the future with the preparations for a new facility for the professional art school , administrative offices , faculty studios , a library and a contemporary gallery .
as we prepare for all the events this fall , we are also looking into the future with the preparations for a new facility for the professional art school , [managing] offices , faculty studios , a library and a contemporary gallery .

Our endowment allows us to use your money exclusively for cancer research , not administrative overhead .
our endowment allows us to use your money exclusively for cancer research , not [managing] overhead .

One vote-getting compromise mentioned is that patients would be allowed to sue their HMO only after they 've exhausted all the plan 's internal administrative appeals .
one vote-getting compromise mentioned is that patients would be allowed to sue their hmo only after they 've exhausted all the plan 's internal [managing] appeals .

His success as an administrator rested on two insights that are now commonplace : first , that the academic star system could be used to create departments with high-profile brand names , and second , that the longing of academic couples to live in the same place represents an administrative opportunity , not a headache .
his success as an administrator rested on two insights that are now commonplace : first , that the academic star system could be used to create departments with high-profile brand names , and second , that the longing of academic couples to live in the same place represents an [managing] opportunity , not a headache .

The United Nations still recognizes Portugal as the area 's administrative authority , and the lawyers behind the move say it was inspired by Spain 's attempts to try former Chilean dictator Gen. Augusto Pinochet .
the united nations still recognizes portugal as the area 's [managing] authority , and the lawyers behind the move say it was inspired by spain 's attempts to try former chilean dictator gen. augusto pinochet .

The New York Times lead is that despite the U.N. 's nominal administrative control , it 's the Kosovo Liberation Army that 's truly in charge of Kosovo .
the new york times lead is that despite the u.n. 's nominal [managing] control , it 's the kosovo liberation army that 's truly in charge of kosovo .

British papers were dominated by the rain that wiped out all play Tuesday at the Wimbledon tennis championships and by an administrative fiasco at the government Passport Agency , which has left more than half a million people due to travel abroad within the next four weeks waiting for passports .
british papers were dominated by the rain that wiped out all play tuesday at the wimbledon tennis championships and by an [managing] fiasco at the government passport agency , which has left more than half a million people due to travel abroad within the next four weeks waiting for passports .

The Massachusetts Medical Society has ousted Dr. Jerome P. Kassirer , editor of the society-owned New England Journal of Medicine , citing differences of opinion concerning `` administrative and publishing issues . ''
the massachusetts medical society has ousted dr. jerome p. kassirer , editor of the society-owned new england journal of medicine , citing differences of opinion concerning `` [managing] and publishing issues . ''

Cuts in administrative and educational expenses at private schools and increased state funding of public schools account for most of the gains , says the College Board , which conducted the survey .
cuts in [managing] and educational expenses at private schools and increased state funding of public schools account for most of the gains , says the college board , which conducted the survey .

A letter to the WP makes an interesting claim about church donations : A surprising percentage of donated monies end up supporting national administrative bureaucracies .
a letter to the wp makes an interesting claim about church donations : a surprising percentage of donated monies end up supporting national [managing] bureaucracies .

The bad news : Five thousand five hundred employees , including administrative staff and some managers , will be laid off because their jobs have suddenly become duplicative .
the bad news : five thousand five hundred employees , including [managing] staff and some managers , will be laid off because their jobs have suddenly become duplicative .

At the New York Philharmonic and elsewhere , labor and administrative conflict seems perpetual .
at the new york philharmonic and elsewhere , labor and [managing] conflict seems perpetual .

Does that mean students who do not get such internships or their own planes are disadvantaged enough to need them given out by governmental or university administrative decree ?
does that mean students who do not get such internships or their own planes are disadvantaged enough to need them given out by governmental or university [managing] decree ?

In fact -- with the help of his father 's connections -- he was conveniently detached from a unit headed for the battlefield and spent his tour doing administrative tasks .
in fact -- with the help of his father 's connections -- he was conveniently detached from a unit headed for the battlefield and spent his tour doing [managing] tasks .

Annan 's recent reform package cuts 1,000 jobs from the 10,000-person Secretariat , slashes administrative costs by one-third , and streamlines the United Nations ' absurd bureaucracy .
annan 's recent reform package cuts 1,000 jobs from the 10,000-person secretariat , slashes [managing] costs by one-third , and streamlines the united nations ' absurd bureaucracy .

The NYT lead says that Secretary of Defense Cohen announced his plan to cut thousands of administrative jobs at the Pentagon under pressure from Congress to reduce the Pentagon 's own bureaucracy before ordering cuts in troops or weapons .
the nyt lead says that secretary of defense cohen announced his plan to cut thousands of [managing] jobs at the pentagon under pressure from congress to reduce the pentagon 's own bureaucracy before ordering cuts in troops or weapons .

Grant , the great general , turned out a political and administrative booby .
grant , the great general , turned out a political and [managing] booby .

Hong Kong 's real test as a special administrative region of China begins .
hong kong 's real test as a special [managing] region of china begins .

Beijing has already ensured that it will have the final say in important matters by appointing those with proven loyalty to top administrative positions .
beijing has already ensured that it will have the final say in important matters by appointing those with proven loyalty to top [managing] positions .

Chief Executive Tung Chee-hwa will also be able to negotiate with Beijing for a degree of administrative leeway unthinkable for his counterparts on the mainland .
chief executive tung chee-hwa will also be able to negotiate with beijing for a degree of [managing] leeway unthinkable for his counterparts on the mainland .

In addition , say the papers , superiors in the aviators ' chain of command are also likely to be subject to further administrative action .
in addition , say the papers , superiors in the aviators ' chain of command are also likely to be subject to further [managing] action .

You might be tempted to attribute this inability to raise taxes to administrative incompetence in a country unaccustomed to dealing with free markets .
you might be tempted to attribute this inability to raise taxes to [managing] incompetence in a country unaccustomed to dealing with free markets .

These sorts of traditional , homogeneous commodities are the kinds of thing that even primitive administrative systems normally are able to tax .
these sorts of traditional , homogeneous commodities are the kinds of thing that even primitive [managing] systems normally are able to tax .

The ideological impetus behind judicial developments in the last two areas , campaign finance and equal-time provisions , is related less to speech , except as a kind of constitutional cover , than to a revival of the old `` right to property '' -- that is , the Supreme Court tends to disapprove of legislative and administrative efforts to require broadcasters to carry `` opposing viewpoints '' on the grounds that since it 's their property , owners of television stations should be able to broadcast what they like .
the ideological impetus behind judicial developments in the last two areas , campaign finance and equal-time provisions , is related less to speech , except as a kind of constitutional cover , than to a revival of the old `` right to property '' -- that is , the supreme court tends to disapprove of legislative and [managing] efforts to require broadcasters to carry `` opposing viewpoints '' on the grounds that since it 's their property , owners of television stations should be able to broadcast what they like .

Unpaid claims have been piling up in its back offices , and last month the insurance company announced that its third-quarter earnings had fallen significantly because of all the administrative problems .
unpaid claims have been piling up in its back offices , and last month the insurance company announced that its third-quarter earnings had fallen significantly because of all the [managing] problems .

Alarmed by the simultaneous expansion of democracy and an ever-more-centralized bureaucratic administrative state in post-revolutionary France , he used his explorations of early Republican America to make the case to his own countrymen that they should encourage voluntary associations in civic society as a new buffer against state centralization .
alarmed by the simultaneous expansion of democracy and an ever-more-centralized bureaucratic [managing] state in post-revolutionary france , he used his explorations of early republican america to make the case to his own countrymen that they should encourage voluntary associations in civic society as a new buffer against state centralization .

There is nothing centralized or hierarchic in the constitution of American administrative power . ''
there is nothing centralized or hierarchic in the constitution of american [managing] power . ''

New Deal laws and administrative interventions were vital aids for nascent industrial unions .
new deal laws and [managing] interventions were vital aids for nascent industrial unions .

The problem may not be a big , bureaucratic federal government -- after all , the U.S. national government still has proportionately less revenue-raising capacity and administrative heft than virtually any other advanced national state .
the problem may not be a big , bureaucratic federal government -- after all , the u.s. national government still has proportionately less revenue-raising capacity and [managing] heft than virtually any other advanced national state .

The thin line being tightroped by the U.N. explains the paper , is to assert its sole administrative authority without turning the KLA into an opponent .
the thin line being tightroped by the u.n. explains the paper , is to assert its sole [managing] authority without turning the kla into an opponent .

The chairman of the department of mass communication , advertising , and public relations at Boston University stepped down from his administrative post after being accused of plagiarism .
the chairman of the department of mass communication , advertising , and public relations at boston university stepped down from his [managing] post after being accused of plagiarism .

France 's Le Monde saw a silver lining in the crisis and said the institution had to seize this opportunity to `` clean up its administrative and financial habits , improve its decision-making process and , most of all , rediscover the inspiration and drive it has lost .
france 's le monde saw a silver lining in the crisis and said the institution had to seize this opportunity to `` clean up its [managing] and financial habits , improve its decision-making process and , most of all , rediscover the inspiration and drive it has lost .

Banks now charge each other only for the administrative costs of making the loan .
banks now charge each other only for the [managing] costs of making the loan .

The officers have been placed on administrative duty while a grand jury examines the case .
the officers have been placed on [managing] duty while a grand jury examines the case .

Deductions , which include administrative costs and charitable gifts , are ample .
deductions , which include [managing] costs and charitable gifts , are ample .

The remaining 74 percent process tax returns , provide help to taxpayers , and carry out other administrative and adjudicative functions .
the remaining 74 percent process tax returns , provide help to taxpayers , and carry out other [managing] and adjudicative functions .

The Waxman model , deployed when he chaired the health subcommittee of Energy and Commerce , is administrative liberalism : Try to accomplish the same social goals covertly through regulation and mandates .
the waxman model , deployed when he chaired the health subcommittee of energy and commerce , is [managing] liberalism : try to accomplish the same social goals covertly through regulation and mandates .

She has successfully walked a tightrope in the censorship debates , using her administrative power to block grants that would have spelled trouble while sticking up for those that came under attack after they were awarded .
she has successfully walked a tightrope in the censorship debates , using her [managing] power to block grants that would have spelled trouble while sticking up for those that came under attack after they were awarded .

These papers also report that a superior of Huang 's at Commerce , Jeffrey Garten , felt that Huang was `` totally unqualified '' to do anything besides administrative tasks .
these papers also report that a superior of huang 's at commerce , jeffrey garten , felt that huang was `` totally unqualified '' to do anything besides [managing] tasks .

Does Slate think I 'm the only administrator with an administrative deputy or associate ?
does slate think i 'm the only administrator with an [managing] deputy or associate ?

Moreover , if workers are allowed a wide range of investment choices , then administrative costs , error rates -- and risk -- will soar .
moreover , if workers are allowed a wide range of investment choices , then [managing] costs , error rates -- and risk -- will soar .

The WP makes it clear that yesterday the Court also forbade illegal immigrants ' use of the federal courts to fight deportation until they have already exhausted all administrative procedures .
the wp makes it clear that yesterday the court also forbade illegal immigrants ' use of the federal courts to fight deportation until they have already exhausted all [managing] procedures .

An outright payment to the companies as well as administrative and replacement costs will mean that the schools will be out $ 4.8 million originally earmarked for educational purposes .
an outright payment to the companies as well as [managing] and replacement costs will mean that the schools will be out $ 4.8 million originally earmarked for educational purposes .

The system , instituted under Margaret Thatcher in the mid-80s , incurred higher than expected administrative costs , and triggered a breakdown in consumer protection as people invested in a smorgasbord of incompetent companies .
the system , instituted under margaret thatcher in the mid-80s , incurred higher than expected [managing] costs , and triggered a breakdown in consumer protection as people invested in a smorgasbord of incompetent companies .

The differing forms of administrative divisions in the states is also revealed in naming practices .
the differing forms of [managing] divisions in the states is also revealed in naming practices .

All males from twelve years of age are eligible to hold the priesthood ant it is this semi-universal priesthood that governs the church ( with participation by women in some administrative roles , but outside the context of the priesthood itself ) and conducts its rituals .
all males from twelve years of age are eligible to hold the priesthood ant it is this semi-universal priesthood that governs the church ( with participation by women in some [managing] roles , but outside the context of the priesthood itself ) and conducts its rituals .

