Customary Senate rules were ignored in order to speed approval of the Negro leader as administrator of the housing and home finance agency .
customary senate rules were ignored in order to speed approval of the negro leader as [manager/person in charge] of the housing and home finance agency .

Acting Administrator Andrew F. Juras said that because of Field's unique position and knowledge in the program , the agency now would be seriously handicapped if he was not continued for a period .
acting [manager/person in charge] andrew f. juras said that because of field's unique position and knowledge in the program , the agency now would be seriously handicapped if he was not continued for a period .

Juras said he insisted Field be continued on a consultant basis only and be answerable directly to the administrator of the agency and not to other agencies of the government .
juras said he insisted field be continued on a consultant basis only and be answerable directly to the [manager/person in charge] of the agency and not to other agencies of the government .

A check for $4,177.37 representing the last payment of a $50,000 federal grant to Rhode Island Hospital was presented to the hospital administrator , Oliver G. Pratt , yesterday by Governor Notte .
a check for $4,177.37 representing the last payment of a $50,000 federal grant to rhode island hospital was presented to the hospital [manager/person in charge] , oliver g. pratt , yesterday by governor notte .

The debate led to a decision that Chicago needed neither a big name nor an experienced academic administrator , but rather , as Trustee Chairman Glen A. Lloyd put it , `` a top scholar in his own right '' -- a bright light to lure other top scholars to Chicago .
the debate led to a decision that chicago needed neither a big name nor an experienced academic [manager/person in charge] , but rather , as trustee chairman glen a. lloyd put it , `` a top scholar in his own right '' -- a bright light to lure other top scholars to chicago .

The president , Joseph Kasavubu , seemed an able administrator and the premier , Patrice Lumumba , a reasonable man .
the president , joseph kasavubu , seemed an able [manager/person in charge] and the premier , patrice lumumba , a reasonable man .

In presenting plans for such express buses before the Montgomery County Council , the administrator of the NCTA , C. Darwin Stolzenbach , was frankly seeking support for the projects his agency will soon be launching .
in presenting plans for such express buses before the montgomery county council , the [manager/person in charge] of the ncta , c. darwin stolzenbach , was frankly seeking support for the projects his agency will soon be launching .

There have always been tales of disillusionment -- the competent technician who became an administrator , willingly or not , and found he didn't like it ; ;
there have always been tales of disillusionment -- the competent technician who became an [manager/person in charge] , willingly or not , and found he didn't like it ; ;

if such person is deceased or is under a legal disability , payment shall be made to his legal representative : Provided , That if the total award is not over $500 and there is no qualified executor or administrator , payment may be made to the person or persons found by the Comptroller General of the United States to be entitled thereto , without the necessity of compliance with the requirements of law with respect to the administration of estates ; ;
if such person is deceased or is under a legal disability , payment shall be made to his legal representative : provided , that if the total award is not over $500 and there is no qualified executor or [manager/person in charge] , payment may be made to the person or persons found by the comptroller general of the united states to be entitled thereto , without the necessity of compliance with the requirements of law with respect to the administration of estates ; ;

If A taxpayer dies , the executor , administrator , or legal representative must file the final return for the decedent on or before the 15th day of the 4th month following the close of the deceased taxpayer's normal tax year .
if a taxpayer dies , the executor , [manager/person in charge] , or legal representative must file the final return for the decedent on or before the 15th day of the 4th month following the close of the deceased taxpayer's normal tax year .

Despite the fact that he was regarded as an outstanding engineer , he seemed to be a very poor administrator , although no one quite knew what was wrong with him .
despite the fact that he was regarded as an outstanding engineer , he seemed to be a very poor [manager/person in charge] , although no one quite knew what was wrong with him .

I cannot accept that view , either as a lawyer or as an administrator .
i cannot accept that view , either as a lawyer or as an [manager/person in charge] .

As an administrator , I cannot place the Employment Service in California in jeopardy of being out of compliance with the Federal laws by my failure to pursue the avenues of appeal open to me .
as an [manager/person in charge] , i cannot place the employment service in california in jeopardy of being out of compliance with the federal laws by my failure to pursue the avenues of appeal open to me .

Two millions were added to what had been set aside for it in Mrs. Meeker's lifetime , and the proviso made that as long as Brian Thayer continued to discharge his duties as administrator of the fund to the satisfaction of the board of trustees ( hereinafter appointed by the bank administering the estate ) he was to be retained in his present capacity at a salary commensurate with the increased responsibilities enlargement of the fund would entail .
two millions were added to what had been set aside for it in mrs. meeker's lifetime , and the proviso made that as long as brian thayer continued to discharge his duties as [manager/person in charge] of the fund to the satisfaction of the board of trustees ( hereinafter appointed by the bank administering the estate ) he was to be retained in his present capacity at a salary commensurate with the increased responsibilities enlargement of the fund would entail .

Brian Thayer was a thoroughly honest and competent administrator .
brian thayer was a thoroughly honest and competent [manager/person in charge] .

The first move towards breaking the system was made on 17 February 1992 , when the magistrate Antonio Di Pietro arrested the socialist administrator Mario Chiesa for receiving bribes .
the first move towards breaking the system was made on 17 february 1992 , when the magistrate antonio di pietro arrested the socialist [manager/person in charge] mario chiesa for receiving bribes .

The administrator and banks were pleased with the company 's recent performance and progress , the statement added .
the [manager/person in charge] and banks were pleased with the company 's recent performance and progress , the statement added .

In 1981 , he became an administrator at the publishing company Hachette before expanding his interest to the Filipacchi group in 1984 .
in 1981 , he became an [manager/person in charge] at the publishing company hachette before expanding his interest to the filipacchi group in 1984 .

‘ We get a lot of donations from relatives and friends of people we have nursed here and we have kept a record of them over the last few years , ’ said Mrs Deidre Shaw , administrator for the appeal .
‘ we get a lot of donations from relatives and friends of people we have nursed here and we have kept a record of them over the last few years , ’ said mrs deidre shaw , [manager/person in charge] for the appeal .

Hospice administrator Deidre Shaw said : ‘ Our shop is a most essential source of income and can only operate well if it is given support by the public .
hospice [manager/person in charge] deidre shaw said : ‘ our shop is a most essential source of income and can only operate well if it is given support by the public .

The expedition administrator , Mark Hoyle , was yesterday encouraging potential sponsors to come forward .
the expedition [manager/person in charge] , mark hoyle , was yesterday encouraging potential sponsors to come forward .

Since he had outstanding gifts of tact and diplomacy and great skill as an administrator — and a delightful pawky sense of humour — he had many tasks added to his departmental load , including : chairman of the Scottish Health Services Council ( 1954-59 ) , Dean of the Faculty of Medicine in Edinburgh ( 1955-57 ) , chairman of the Edinburgh Postgraduate Board for Medicine ( 1966-71 ) , and Curator of Patronage of the university .
since he had outstanding gifts of tact and diplomacy and great skill as an [manager/person in charge] — and a delightful pawky sense of humour — he had many tasks added to his departmental load , including : chairman of the scottish health services council ( 1954-59 ) , dean of the faculty of medicine in edinburgh ( 1955-57 ) , chairman of the edinburgh postgraduate board for medicine ( 1966-71 ) , and curator of patronage of the university .

Yesterday , hospital on-call administrator Alan Kennedy said Mrs McIntyre 's complaint would be thoroughly investigated and she could expect a reply within ten working days .
yesterday , hospital on-call [manager/person in charge] alan kennedy said mrs mcintyre 's complaint would be thoroughly investigated and she could expect a reply within ten working days .

Reynolds does n't want any part of the ungodly mess of trying to be joint administrator of Northern Ireland
reynolds does n't want any part of the ungodly mess of trying to be joint [manager/person in charge] of northern ireland

Local hospital administrator , Carlos Castro , reported that pregnant women were afraid Sarah Helen would reincarnate as a vampire in their babies .
local hospital [manager/person in charge] , carlos castro , reported that pregnant women were afraid sarah helen would reincarnate as a vampire in their babies .

Coached by City sports administrator Gordon Dacre , the squad contains four of his daughters , one of whom , Kathryn , is only 12 and another , Helen , 14 , as well as a mother of two in her mid thirties in Helen Nicholson .
coached by city sports [manager/person in charge] gordon dacre , the squad contains four of his daughters , one of whom , kathryn , is only 12 and another , helen , 14 , as well as a mother of two in her mid thirties in helen nicholson .

, Training Course Administrator , expressed the need for a continuing intake of trainee teachers .
, training course [manager/person in charge] , expressed the need for a continuing intake of trainee teachers .

She is employed as an Administrator for a group of psychiatric hospitals and her hobbies include music and gardening .
she is employed as an [manager/person in charge] for a group of psychiatric hospitals and her hobbies include music and gardening .

Theatre administrator Patricia McBride is calling on expert help to get the boy 's drawl exactly right .
theatre [manager/person in charge] patricia mcbride is calling on expert help to get the boy 's drawl exactly right .

But manager Andrew Taylor says the company is calling in an administrator .
but manager andrew taylor says the company is calling in an [manager/person in charge] .

Co-ordinating the logistics is Roz Robins , administrator of the Everyman , which is backing the venture .
co-ordinating the logistics is roz robins , [manager/person in charge] of the everyman , which is backing the venture .

The job of putting the Ryal International Pavillion , Llangollen on the Map has been taken on by Carolyn Brindle who has been appointed administrator .
the job of putting the ryal international pavillion , llangollen on the map has been taken on by carolyn brindle who has been appointed [manager/person in charge] .

Other diploma recipients are Westbrrok 's art department manager David Dodd , of Bromborough , Wirral ; sales administrator Bill Ashcroft of Burscough ; Janet Lamb of Ormskirk , the director 's private secretary , and Burscough man Mike Marsland , production manager .
other diploma recipients are westbrrok 's art department manager david dodd , of bromborough , wirral ; sales [manager/person in charge] bill ashcroft of burscough ; janet lamb of ormskirk , the director 's private secretary , and burscough man mike marsland , production manager .

The tale of a cold-blooded government administrator who demands sexual favours from a would-be nun in exchange for her brother 's life certainly poses some problems for modern audiences .
the tale of a cold-blooded government [manager/person in charge] who demands sexual favours from a would-be nun in exchange for her brother 's life certainly poses some problems for modern audiences .

Accountants administrator was with the Mantes operation in the Rhone-Poulenc days , moving to Mantes from Paris to enjoy the countryside .
accountants [manager/person in charge] was with the mantes operation in the rhone-poulenc days , moving to mantes from paris to enjoy the countryside .

tournament administrator , said : ‘ The tournament really would n't have been possible without this sponsorship .
tournament [manager/person in charge] , said : ‘ the tournament really would n't have been possible without this sponsorship .

We considered gas , electricity and oil , and natural gas offered us the best benefits , ’ said Mike MacCormack , Administrator at Dunster Castle .
we considered gas , electricity and oil , and natural gas offered us the best benefits , ’ said mike maccormack , [manager/person in charge] at dunster castle .

Despite his best efforts to concentrate power effectively within his own hands , the emphasis on local authority implicit in a system purporting to operate through the traditional rulers of a primitive country , which possessed nothing approaching a unitary state co-extensive with its official boundaries , inevitably meant that power would drain away from the centre towards the local administrator , who alone could claim the special knowledge of local conditions , and opportunity for intimate supervision , on which Indirect Rule implicitly depended .
despite his best efforts to concentrate power effectively within his own hands , the emphasis on local authority implicit in a system purporting to operate through the traditional rulers of a primitive country , which possessed nothing approaching a unitary state co-extensive with its official boundaries , inevitably meant that power would drain away from the centre towards the local [manager/person in charge] , who alone could claim the special knowledge of local conditions , and opportunity for intimate supervision , on which indirect rule implicitly depended .

An accomplished traveller , linguist , and student of natives ways , unmasker ( in 1924 ) of a Mahdist plot to eject the British from Northern Nigeria , Palmer was in every way Clifford 's idea of what a colonial administrator ought to be .
an accomplished traveller , linguist , and student of natives ways , unmasker ( in 1924 ) of a mahdist plot to eject the british from northern nigeria , palmer was in every way clifford 's idea of what a colonial [manager/person in charge] ought to be .

Charles Temple almost certainly came to Northern Nigeria with the idea of another Punjab in mind : his father , the distinguished Indian administrator Sir Richard Temple , had been in his youth one of John Lawrence 's hard-riding young men , and it was he who wrote in 1901 asking for his son ‘ to become one of the recruits which Lugard is raising for Nigeria .
charles temple almost certainly came to northern nigeria with the idea of another punjab in mind : his father , the distinguished indian [manager/person in charge] sir richard temple , had been in his youth one of john lawrence 's hard-riding young men , and it was he who wrote in 1901 asking for his son ‘ to become one of the recruits which lugard is raising for nigeria .

The beauty of Indirect Rule was that it created an administrative situation in which personal influence was , in theory at any rate , the administrator 's only resource .
the beauty of indirect rule was that it created an administrative situation in which personal influence was , in theory at any rate , the [manager/person in charge] 's only resource .

In that case it was the administrator who was removed .
in that case it was the [manager/person in charge] who was removed .

‘ Colonel Fawcett is the administrator of Koraloona for the Cook Islands , ’ explained Bill Robins .
‘ colonel fawcett is the [manager/person in charge] of koraloona for the cook islands , ’ explained bill robins .

Nearly £35,000 in cash and £450,000 in cheques is believed to have been stolen from the administrator 's home following the first show on Saturday .
nearly £35,000 in cash and £450,000 in cheques is believed to have been stolen from the [manager/person in charge] 's home following the first show on saturday .

Indeed , as administrator Myra Hickey points out , when the Labour council was elected in 1986 one of its manifesto commitments had been to bring back the festival which had been absent for the previous two years owing to the council reclaiming its original site .
indeed , as [manager/person in charge] myra hickey points out , when the labour council was elected in 1986 one of its manifesto commitments had been to bring back the festival which had been absent for the previous two years owing to the council reclaiming its original site .

The astute soccer administrator clearly believes there is a serious split which could lead to a ‘ league within a league . ’
the astute soccer [manager/person in charge] clearly believes there is a serious split which could lead to a ‘ league within a league . ’

Tulu , the 21-year-old prison administrator from Addis Ababa , slapped her handcuffs on Meyer , using the South African as a towline and refusing her rival 's offers to share the pacemaking duties .
tulu , the 21-year-old prison [manager/person in charge] from addis ababa , slapped her handcuffs on meyer , using the south african as a towline and refusing her rival 's offers to share the pacemaking duties .

At no time has any umpire , official or administrator had cause to allege we have done anything illegal .
at no time has any umpire , official or [manager/person in charge] had cause to allege we have done anything illegal .

He is John Talbot , of accountants Arthur Andersen , who as administrator of the bankrupt Maxwell family empire holds nearly 55 per cent of the Mirror Group 's shares .
he is john talbot , of accountants arthur andersen , who as [manager/person in charge] of the bankrupt maxwell family empire holds nearly 55 per cent of the mirror group 's shares .

When the Wallabies arrived at the ‘ Dan Qeqe ’ ground named after the inspired player , administrator and community leader who convinced Ford-USA to put money up front to finance it , and inspired the township youngsters to build it , they were met by an expectant crown of youngsters .
when the wallabies arrived at the ‘ dan qeqe ’ ground named after the inspired player , [manager/person in charge] and community leader who convinced ford-usa to put money up front to finance it , and inspired the township youngsters to build it , they were met by an expectant crown of youngsters .

The equal opportunities committee , set up by London office administrator Zoe Picton-Howell , had gone into mothballs after getting the executive committee to co-opt Sylvia Collier as ‘ editorial co-ordinator ’ .
the equal opportunities committee , set up by london office [manager/person in charge] zoe picton-howell , had gone into mothballs after getting the executive committee to co-opt sylvia collier as ‘ editorial co-ordinator ’ .

Picton-Howell had worked hard for the project since the early days , and had kept her old job as London office administrator on Equal Opportunities grounds that the post should not be put out to competitive interview after capitalization .
picton-howell had worked hard for the project since the early days , and had kept her old job as london office [manager/person in charge] on equal opportunities grounds that the post should not be put out to competitive interview after capitalization .

In the registers are the names of Monsignor Lightbound , Canon Ted Harrington , Father Michael Dyson and , of course the late Monsignor Terence Welch , who was administrator of the cathedral for many years .
in the registers are the names of monsignor lightbound , canon ted harrington , father michael dyson and , of course the late monsignor terence welch , who was [manager/person in charge] of the cathedral for many years .

He was a capable administrator who restored the finances of Pembroke Hall , Cambridge during his Mastership and carried out substantial structural repairs in each of his dioceses .
he was a capable [manager/person in charge] who restored the finances of pembroke hall , cambridge during his mastership and carried out substantial structural repairs in each of his dioceses .

He will be working as an administrator in the Congregation for Institutes of Consecrated Life and Societies of Apostolic Life .
he will be working as an [manager/person in charge] in the congregation for institutes of consecrated life and societies of apostolic life .

The present administrator , Richard Blandy , is the Honorary British Consul .
the present [manager/person in charge] , richard blandy , is the honorary british consul .

Jazzman Dexter Gordon in his final role as the awakened musician/dreamer Rolando proves he could have not one but two brilliant careers , old stage trouper Gloria Harper gives her awakened mad flapper full flight and John Heard is a rock of cynicism as the hard bitten hospital administrator .
jazzman dexter gordon in his final role as the awakened musician/dreamer rolando proves he could have not one but two brilliant careers , old stage trouper gloria harper gives her awakened mad flapper full flight and john heard is a rock of cynicism as the hard bitten hospital [manager/person in charge] .

His father was a farm administrator , and that went , too , when they were offered the chance to leave Yugoslavia .
his father was a farm [manager/person in charge] , and that went , too , when they were offered the chance to leave yugoslavia .

Unix System Laboratories Pacific Ltd has begun marketing of Veritas Inc software in the Asia Pacific region : the Veritas products include the Veritas volume manager , Veritas File System , Veritas Visual Administrator and the Veritas Journalling File System ; technical support will be provided by Unix Labs .
unix system laboratories pacific ltd has begun marketing of veritas inc software in the asia pacific region : the veritas products include the veritas volume manager , veritas file system , veritas visual [manager/person in charge] and the veritas journalling file system ; technical support will be provided by unix labs .

Dennis was the best political administrator the British climbing world has ever had ; and we , as climbers , will remain in his debt for decades to come .
dennis was the best political [manager/person in charge] the british climbing world has ever had ; and we , as climbers , will remain in his debt for decades to come .

She was n't a real aunt but a courtesy one , the widow of a former colonial service administrator and a friend of Meredith 's late parents .
she was n't a real aunt but a courtesy one , the widow of a former colonial service [manager/person in charge] and a friend of meredith 's late parents .

Hospital administrator Larry Maas said robotics have been used in industry , adding : ‘ We see no reason to exclude health care from that technology .
hospital [manager/person in charge] larry maas said robotics have been used in industry , adding : ‘ we see no reason to exclude health care from that technology .

Meanwhile the ethereal life of Ranveer , Bubbles and Socks , an unworldly trio who react in a childlike way to every sling and arrow as if permanently looking for Nanny , starts to unravel when a new administrator takes over the game park with thinly veiled hostility towards his country 's nobility .
meanwhile the ethereal life of ranveer , bubbles and socks , an unworldly trio who react in a childlike way to every sling and arrow as if permanently looking for nanny , starts to unravel when a new [manager/person in charge] takes over the game park with thinly veiled hostility towards his country 's nobility .

After 1,908 days of terror Joe was looking forward to living a normal life and getting back to work as a senior administrator with the American University .
after 1,908 days of terror joe was looking forward to living a normal life and getting back to work as a senior [manager/person in charge] with the american university .

Grand Slam committee administrator Bill Babcock said : ‘ None of us like the situation , but there is undue pressure on him , and we have decided to exempt him from the rule on press conferences for this match , and only this match . ’
grand slam committee [manager/person in charge] bill babcock said : ‘ none of us like the situation , but there is undue pressure on him , and we have decided to exempt him from the rule on press conferences for this match , and only this match . ’

Ian Snook , who was the coaching administrator of Taranaki , will be the Old Wesley coach in 1992–3 .
ian snook , who was the coaching [manager/person in charge] of taranaki , will be the old wesley coach in 1992–3 .

The help , encouragement and advice we have received from the Institute , including the president on his recent visit to Leeds , from John Seear ( who provided the initial impetus ) , from the president and committee of the West Yorkshire Society of Chartered Accountants , and particularly from the Society 's administrator , Joyce Cawthra , have been heartwarming .
the help , encouragement and advice we have received from the institute , including the president on his recent visit to leeds , from john seear ( who provided the initial impetus ) , from the president and committee of the west yorkshire society of chartered accountants , and particularly from the society 's [manager/person in charge] , joyce cawthra , have been heartwarming .

Mr Sims added that ‘ there has been no satisfactory explanation for the information put before court [ in Coopers ’ petition to act as administrator ] being so inadequate' .
mr sims added that ‘ there has been no satisfactory explanation for the information put before court [ in coopers ’ petition to act as [manager/person in charge] ] being so inadequate' .

However , in spite of Mr Chapman 's optimism , an administrator was appointed in late November and the company put up for sale .
however , in spite of mr chapman 's optimism , an [manager/person in charge] was appointed in late november and the company put up for sale .

Spicers went to the High Court claiming the request was oppressive : it relied on Cloverbay , an earlier case in which the availability of an order was restricted to enabling an administrator to get ‘ sufficient information to reconstitute the state of the knowledge a company should possess ’ .
spicers went to the high court claiming the request was oppressive : it relied on cloverbay , an earlier case in which the availability of an order was restricted to enabling an [manager/person in charge] to get ‘ sufficient information to reconstitute the state of the knowledge a company should possess ’ .

He is looking for letters from potential puchasers of Loch Lomond , the troubled up-market golf and country club development of which he was appointed administrator in November 1990 .
he is looking for letters from potential puchasers of loch lomond , the troubled up-market golf and country club development of which he was appointed [manager/person in charge] in november 1990 .

He also has a full-time administrator and researcher who looks after the books , and a part-time secretary .
he also has a full-time [manager/person in charge] and researcher who looks after the books , and a part-time secretary .

Shinwell , always a better politician than administrator , was widely felt to be doing a poor job in this crucial economic ministry .
shinwell , always a better politician than [manager/person in charge] , was widely felt to be doing a poor job in this crucial economic ministry .

This cash haemorrhage intensified after 1982 , when the society hired as its director James Bell , a genealogist now demonised as the administrator most responsible for the institution 's demise .
this cash haemorrhage intensified after 1982 , when the society hired as its director james bell , a genealogist now demonised as the [manager/person in charge] most responsible for the institution 's demise .

The centre 's administrator general Marion Julien said museums throughout the world were keeping in daily touch with her for information about the row over the works , which are on loan from the Pushkin Museum in Moscow and the Hermitage in Saint Petersburg .
the centre 's [manager/person in charge] general marion julien said museums throughout the world were keeping in daily touch with her for information about the row over the works , which are on loan from the pushkin museum in moscow and the hermitage in saint petersburg .

As John Scoble , with his intolerantly rigid evangelical attitudes , rose to become a prominent administrator and organiser of antislavery bodies , he became a target as a sectarian who had apparently denounced one liberal-minded Quaker reformer as ‘ degenerate ’ for suggesting that the heathen might be treated with mercy .
as john scoble , with his intolerantly rigid evangelical attitudes , rose to become a prominent [manager/person in charge] and organiser of antislavery bodies , he became a target as a sectarian who had apparently denounced one liberal-minded quaker reformer as ‘ degenerate ’ for suggesting that the heathen might be treated with mercy .

And , at the start of the 1940s , a baseball administrator named Branch Rickey began his search for the man destined to become the first black player in a white team .
and , at the start of the 1940s , a baseball [manager/person in charge] named branch rickey began his search for the man destined to become the first black player in a white team .

Galliéni , who was senior to Joffre , had been offered the supreme command , a post he turned down on the grounds that all his experience had been as a colonial soldier and administrator .
galliéni , who was senior to joffre , had been offered the supreme command , a post he turned down on the grounds that all his experience had been as a colonial soldier and [manager/person in charge] .

’ Quayle was already well established as an actor of considerable stature , a director of intelligence and an unusually good administrator .
’ quayle was already well established as an actor of considerable stature , a director of intelligence and an unusually good [manager/person in charge] .

Some Portuguese gave the Company invaluable help , and Senhor de Sousa Santos , the Portuguese administrator of the southern province , would save the whole Company through his work in civil administration and respect among the local population .
some portuguese gave the company invaluable help , and senhor de sousa santos , the portuguese [manager/person in charge] of the southern province , would save the whole company through his work in civil administration and respect among the local population .

‘ Sir Thomas Vaughan is known to me , being the administrator of the Norfolk estates , ’ Joan told him .
‘ sir thomas vaughan is known to me , being the [manager/person in charge] of the norfolk estates , ’ joan told him .

Having visited other long-stay institutions to make some notes about comparable conditions and arrangements , the district administrator was also concerned about the strain on staff imposed by such long hours .
having visited other long-stay institutions to make some notes about comparable conditions and arrangements , the district [manager/person in charge] was also concerned about the strain on staff imposed by such long hours .

As the then district administrator put it , the district had scratched around for every spare penny over the years and sunk it into the hospital , and yet more and more resources were being demanded .
as the then district [manager/person in charge] put it , the district had scratched around for every spare penny over the years and sunk it into the hospital , and yet more and more resources were being demanded .

Peter Farrier , then hospital administrator , refuted the allegations commenting that the article contained ‘ many untruths , gross distortions of fact and lack of understanding of the care of the severely mentally ill ’ .
peter farrier , then hospital [manager/person in charge] , refuted the allegations commenting that the article contained ‘ many untruths , gross distortions of fact and lack of understanding of the care of the severely mentally ill ’ .

Veritas Software Corp is afraid we 're going to get confused because of what Univel is choosing to call things : the so-called Veritas Advanced File System that Univel will have out next quarter as a server option includes the Veritas Volume Manager , Visual Administrator and File System Advanced Feature Set , the later also known as Vxfs and the source of the confusion .
veritas software corp is afraid we 're going to get confused because of what univel is choosing to call things : the so-called veritas advanced file system that univel will have out next quarter as a server option includes the veritas volume manager , visual [manager/person in charge] and file system advanced feature set , the later also known as vxfs and the source of the confusion .

Several supporters of President Aristide were arrested and beaten , including Port-au-Prince Mayor Evans Paul , the administrator of a day care centre , a businessman and a well-known singer .
several supporters of president aristide were arrested and beaten , including port-au-prince mayor evans paul , the [manager/person in charge] of a day care centre , a businessman and a well-known singer .

‘ Self-management ’ of facilities by people who use these facilities either by having several user representatives on the management group or , where possible , by a user-only management group , supported if necessary by a professional administrator
‘ self-management ’ of facilities by people who use these facilities either by having several user representatives on the management group or , where possible , by a user-only management group , supported if necessary by a professional [manager/person in charge]

Master administrator , father figure , the last hope for flared trousers , these are but a few of the attributes a manager must posses .
master [manager/person in charge] , father figure , the last hope for flared trousers , these are but a few of the attributes a manager must posses .

The Commission is indebted to Heather Rosenblatt ( formerly a Senior Administrator for the Incorporated Society of Musicians ) for a summary of the provisions relating to copyright , and to Bernard Braley of the Pratt Green Trust for some helpful information .
the commission is indebted to heather rosenblatt ( formerly a senior [manager/person in charge] for the incorporated society of musicians ) for a summary of the provisions relating to copyright , and to bernard braley of the pratt green trust for some helpful information .

a liquidator or administrator of a company ; or
a liquidator or [manager/person in charge] of a company ; or

What is an administration order ? It is an order of the court directing that , for the duration of the order , the affairs , business and property of the company shall be managed by an administrator appointed by the court .
what is an administration order ? it is an order of the court directing that , for the duration of the order , the affairs , business and property of the company shall be managed by an [manager/person in charge] appointed by the court .

As the purpose of an administration order is to give the company the necessary breathing space to achieve one or more of the purposes for which the order was made , the Act contains provisions designed to preserve the status quo and protect the property of the company against claims by creditors while the administrator attempts to achieve the purpose of the administration order .
as the purpose of an administration order is to give the company the necessary breathing space to achieve one or more of the purposes for which the order was made , the act contains provisions designed to preserve the status quo and protect the property of the company against claims by creditors while the [manager/person in charge] attempts to achieve the purpose of the administration order .

any receiver of part of the company 's property ( e.g. a Law of Property Act 1925 receiver appointed to collect rent ) must vacate office if the administrator requires him to do so ;
any receiver of part of the company 's property ( e.g. a law of property act 1925 receiver appointed to collect rent ) must vacate office if the [manager/person in charge] requires him to do so ;

no other step may be taken to enforce any security over the company 's property or to repossess goods in the company 's possession under any hire purchase agreement , except with the consent of the administrator or the leave of the court and subject ( where the court gives leave ) to such terms as the court may impose ;
no other step may be taken to enforce any security over the company 's property or to repossess goods in the company 's possession under any hire purchase agreement , except with the consent of the [manager/person in charge] or the leave of the court and subject ( where the court gives leave ) to such terms as the court may impose ;

no other proceedings , and no execution or other legal process may be commenced or continued , and no distress may be levied against the company or its property except with the consent of the administrator or the leave of the court and subject ( where the court gives leave ) to such terms as the court imposes ;
no other proceedings , and no execution or other legal process may be commenced or continued , and no distress may be levied against the company or its property except with the consent of the [manager/person in charge] or the leave of the court and subject ( where the court gives leave ) to such terms as the court imposes ;

The administrator is given extremely wide powers under the Act . In general , he may :
the [manager/person in charge] is given extremely wide powers under the act . in general , he may :

There was no question of his telephoning Émile Chaillot : he was not going to take orders from a mere administrator .
there was no question of his telephoning émile chaillot : he was not going to take orders from a mere [manager/person in charge] .

We gave him the money and he handed it immediately to Romany , the administrator of bribes .
we gave him the money and he handed it immediately to romany , the [manager/person in charge] of bribes .

The administrator in charge of compensation and resettlement was Hassan Dafalla , an intelligent and sensitive man who managed a difficult task with considerable skill .
the [manager/person in charge] in charge of compensation and resettlement was hassan dafalla , an intelligent and sensitive man who managed a difficult task with considerable skill .

The Captain General , a civilian as much as a military administrator , was master of his province , the corregidor of his district as the minister was not yet master of his department .
the captain general , a civilian as much as a military [manager/person in charge] , was master of his province , the corregidor of his district as the minister was not yet master of his department .

General Cuesta , an old-fashioned soldier and military administrator , hated the revolutionary claims of the Provincial Juntas .
general cuesta , an old-fashioned soldier and military [manager/person in charge] , hated the revolutionary claims of the provincial juntas .

They stood to attention , but it was clear that both the administrator and his deputy were unsure of the proper response .
they stood to attention , but it was clear that both the [manager/person in charge] and his deputy were unsure of the proper response .

Briefly he wondered if it would do any good to tell the ship 's administrator that the presence of the newly appointed Admiral of the White on an ordinary survey mission was not an occurrence of special significance .
briefly he wondered if it would do any good to tell the ship 's [manager/person in charge] that the presence of the newly appointed admiral of the white on an ordinary survey mission was not an occurrence of special significance .

Thank the administrator , with my compliments .
thank the [manager/person in charge] , with my compliments .

The administrator 's greeting made everyone else in the room turn round to look .
the [manager/person in charge] 's greeting made everyone else in the room turn round to look .

The Simonova 's administrator and the Adjudicator were performing stiff little bows in his direction , but Rostov only nodded .
the simonova 's [manager/person in charge] and the adjudicator were performing stiff little bows in his direction , but rostov only nodded .

You see , the Simonova 's administrator owes a certain — ah — obligation to House Andreeyev .
you see , the simonova 's [manager/person in charge] owes a certain — ah — obligation to house andreeyev .

Yet a key theme in discussions of relationships between ministers and their departments has been the extent to which politicians enter with apparent policy commitments but become socialized into roles determined by the permanent administrator and particularly by the need for ‘ policy maintenance ’ within their department .
yet a key theme in discussions of relationships between ministers and their departments has been the extent to which politicians enter with apparent policy commitments but become socialized into roles determined by the permanent [manager/person in charge] and particularly by the need for ‘ policy maintenance ’ within their department .

Verity Kalcev , formerly at Book Data , had joined International Book Development as international training administrator , reporting to Euan Henderson .
verity kalcev , formerly at book data , had joined international book development as international training [manager/person in charge] , reporting to euan henderson .

‘ We 're still receiving letters from people who claim to have ordered machines , ’ said Clare Wilson , insolvency administrator for official liquidator Neville Russell .
‘ we 're still receiving letters from people who claim to have ordered machines , ’ said clare wilson , insolvency [manager/person in charge] for official liquidator neville russell .

The future of Steve Hawkins , its administrator , is now in doubt as a result .
the future of steve hawkins , its [manager/person in charge] , is now in doubt as a result .

Each set of chambers is required to have at least one clerk , who performs the functions of office administrator and accountant , business manager and agent .
each set of chambers is required to have at least one clerk , who performs the functions of office [manager/person in charge] and accountant , business manager and agent .

Though greeted with courtesy and politeness by the First and Second Elders , the intrusion of more humans onto the Sense-Sphere is covertly opposed by the City Administrator .
though greeted with courtesy and politeness by the first and second elders , the intrusion of more humans onto the sense-sphere is covertly opposed by the city [manager/person in charge] .

An unlikely choice , many would have thought , was comedian Peter Glaze to play the role of the evil City Administrator .
an unlikely choice , many would have thought , was comedian peter glaze to play the role of the evil city [manager/person in charge] .

Occasionally , at the other extreme , he or she may be primarily an administrator .
occasionally , at the other extreme , he or she may be primarily an [manager/person in charge] .

The second plaintiff became its administrator in 1980 .
the second plaintiff became its [manager/person in charge] in 1980 .

‘ ( 2 ) Where the company has at a relevant time … entered into a transaction with any person at an undervalue , the [ administrator or liquidator ] may apply to the court for an order under this section .
‘ ( 2 ) where the company has at a relevant time … entered into a transaction with any person at an undervalue , the [ [manager/person in charge] or liquidator ] may apply to the court for an order under this section .

‘ ( 2 ) Where the company has at a relevant time … given a preference to any person , the [ administrator or liquidator ] may apply to the court for an order under this section .
‘ ( 2 ) where the company has at a relevant time … given a preference to any person , the [ [manager/person in charge] or liquidator ] may apply to the court for an order under this section .

The court may require any property transferred as part of the transaction to be vested in the company , release any security given by the company , require ‘ any person ’ to make payments to the administrator or liquidator in respect of benefits received by him from the company , provide for a guarantor whose obligations have been discharged to be under revived obligations , provide for security to be given for the discharge of obligations imposed by the order and for the priority which such security shall have , and provide for the extent to which persons may be able to prove in the winding up .
the court may require any property transferred as part of the transaction to be vested in the company , release any security given by the company , require ‘ any person ’ to make payments to the [manager/person in charge] or liquidator in respect of benefits received by him from the company , provide for a guarantor whose obligations have been discharged to be under revived obligations , provide for security to be given for the discharge of obligations imposed by the order and for the priority which such security shall have , and provide for the extent to which persons may be able to prove in the winding up .

Where the debtor has been adjudged bankrupt or is a company which is being wound up or in relation to which an administration order is in force , the application can only be made by the official receiver , the trustee of the bankrupt 's estate , the liquidator or the administrator or , with the leave of the court , by a victim of the transaction .
where the debtor has been adjudged bankrupt or is a company which is being wound up or in relation to which an administration order is in force , the application can only be made by the official receiver , the trustee of the bankrupt 's estate , the liquidator or the [manager/person in charge] or , with the leave of the court , by a victim of the transaction .

‘ in particular with the basic proposition that the exercise of the discretion involves the balancing of the requirements of the liquidator or administrator to obtain information on the one hand against the possible oppression to the person sought to be examined on the other .
‘ in particular with the basic proposition that the exercise of the discretion involves the balancing of the requirements of the liquidator or [manager/person in charge] to obtain information on the one hand against the possible oppression to the person sought to be examined on the other .

At the same time it is plain that this is an extraordinary power and that the discretion must be exercised after a careful balancing of the factors involved — on the one hand the reasonable requirements of the administrator to carry out his task , on the other the need to avoid making an order which is wholly unreasonable , unnecessary or ‘ oppressive ’ to the person concerned .
at the same time it is plain that this is an extraordinary power and that the discretion must be exercised after a careful balancing of the factors involved — on the one hand the reasonable requirements of the [manager/person in charge] to carry out his task , on the other the need to avoid making an order which is wholly unreasonable , unnecessary or ‘ oppressive ’ to the person concerned .

The proper case is one where the administrator reasonably requires to see the documents to carry out his functions and the production does not impose an unnecessary and unreasonable burden on the person required to produce them in the light of the administrator 's requirements .
the proper case is one where the [manager/person in charge] reasonably requires to see the documents to carry out his functions and the production does not impose an unnecessary and unreasonable burden on the person required to produce them in the light of the [manager/person in charge] 's requirements .

Particular reference was made in argument to sections 42 to 49 and sections 230 to 237 , and to the powers of an administrator or administrative receiver as set out in Schedule 1 to the Act of 1986 .
particular reference was made in argument to sections 42 to 49 and sections 230 to 237 , and to the powers of an [manager/person in charge] or administrative receiver as set out in schedule 1 to the act of 1986 .

‘ an order directing that , during the period for which the order is in force , the affairs , business and property of the company shall be managed by a person ( ‘ the administrator ’ ) appointed for the purpose by the court : ’
‘ an order directing that , during the period for which the order is in force , the affairs , business and property of the company shall be managed by a person ( ‘ the [manager/person in charge] ’ ) appointed for the purpose by the court : ’

‘ An administrator is a creature of statute and is appointed over the affairs , business and property of a company falling within the definition of company in section 735 of the Companies Act 1985 .
‘ an [manager/person in charge] is a creature of statute and is appointed over the affairs , business and property of a company falling within the definition of company in section 735 of the companies act 1985 .

This means that the company in question must be formed and registered under the Companies Act 1985 or under the former Companies Acts … What this means , in effect , therefore , in the context of private international law is that an administrator can not be appointed over the affairs , business and property of an overseas company .
this means that the company in question must be formed and registered under the companies act 1985 or under the former companies acts … what this means , in effect , therefore , in the context of private international law is that an [manager/person in charge] can not be appointed over the affairs , business and property of an overseas company .

He had been the administrator of the Royal Estates and head of finance at the court .
he had been the [manager/person in charge] of the royal estates and head of finance at the court .

To sanction general judicial intervention simply because the court would prefer a different choice to that of the administrator runs counter to this fundamental assumption , and would entail a re-allocation of power from the legislature and bureaucracy to the courts .
to sanction general judicial intervention simply because the court would prefer a different choice to that of the [manager/person in charge] runs counter to this fundamental assumption , and would entail a re-allocation of power from the legislature and bureaucracy to the courts .

An administrator faced with a problem should , initially , examine all possible courses of action , consider the consequences of pursuing each of these strategies and then comparatively evaluate these consequences .
an [manager/person in charge] faced with a problem should , initially , examine all possible courses of action , consider the consequences of pursuing each of these strategies and then comparatively evaluate these consequences .

No administrator possesses the material , time or vision to operate in the way postulated by Simon .
no [manager/person in charge] possesses the material , time or vision to operate in the way postulated by simon .

‘ Better ’ results will ensue from a ‘ contest ’ between partisan advocates , than would follow if the decision were to be reached by an allegedly unbiased administrator completing a comprehensive survey .
‘ better ’ results will ensue from a ‘ contest ’ between partisan advocates , than would follow if the decision were to be reached by an allegedly unbiased [manager/person in charge] completing a comprehensive survey .

The administrator will have certain material to hand ; if this is felt to be inadequate he will search further .
the [manager/person in charge] will have certain material to hand ; if this is felt to be inadequate he will search further .

As Poole ( 1978 , p. 43 ) observes , the local government administrator typically works ‘ as a subordinate of the specialist , relieving him of those tasks which have not called for specialist experience and qualifications ’ .
as poole ( 1978 , p. 43 ) observes , the local government [manager/person in charge] typically works ‘ as a subordinate of the specialist , relieving him of those tasks which have not called for specialist experience and qualifications ’ .

While they had been talking , the Administrator had slipped quietly from the room .
while they had been talking , the [manager/person in charge] had slipped quietly from the room .

When they 'd first arrived at the Base , she had quite liked the old Administrator , but since Paula 's death he 'd changed .
when they 'd first arrived at the base , she had quite liked the old [manager/person in charge] , but since paula 's death he 'd changed .

He was an administrator , not an astronomer , and that question had always floored him .
he was an [manager/person in charge] , not an astronomer , and that question had always floored him .

Bishop noted the direction of the Doctor 's gaze , and his eyes narrowed as he regarded the Administrator 's disturbed expression .
bishop noted the direction of the doctor 's gaze , and his eyes narrowed as he regarded the [manager/person in charge] 's disturbed expression .

More worried now than she liked to admit , Piper extended her search for the Base Administrator to the refectory .
more worried now than she liked to admit , piper extended her search for the base [manager/person in charge] to the refectory .

Less frequently , the chief may be appointed by a city or county manager , or an administrator , appointed by local councillors ( cf .
less frequently , the chief may be appointed by a city or county manager , or an [manager/person in charge] , appointed by local councillors ( cf .

‘ Being involved as a competitor , administrator , and coach gave me a unique insight into the world of top international sport .
‘ being involved as a competitor , [manager/person in charge] , and coach gave me a unique insight into the world of top international sport .

Payne has , since 1982 , been based in Leeds as general administrator ( operatic parlance for ‘ managing director ’ ) of the Opera North , although at the moment his name is being much whispered in connection with higher things in foreign places , such as the Metropolitan Opera in New York .
payne has , since 1982 , been based in leeds as general [manager/person in charge] ( operatic parlance for ‘ managing director ’ ) of the opera north , although at the moment his name is being much whispered in connection with higher things in foreign places , such as the metropolitan opera in new york .

Lambert was himself a skilled administrator , with a working knowledge of sanitary reform .
lambert was himself a skilled [manager/person in charge] , with a working knowledge of sanitary reform .

At the same time , politicians were increasingly pressed for answers to problems against which the measured , patrician tones of the lay administrator seemed amateur and outdated .
at the same time , politicians were increasingly pressed for answers to problems against which the measured , patrician tones of the lay [manager/person in charge] seemed amateur and outdated .

An active Quaker throughout his life , editing the journal The Friend ‘ s Quarterly Examiner for many years , Newman integrated his duties as medical administrator with more traditional forms of philanthropy and self-help .
an active quaker throughout his life , editing the journal the friend ‘ s quarterly examiner for many years , newman integrated his duties as medical [manager/person in charge] with more traditional forms of philanthropy and self-help .

Perhaps it was appropriate , therefore , for a police administrator with considerable experience of controlling traffic movement in a big city to provide a new perspective : that of bringing road planning and town planning together .
perhaps it was appropriate , therefore , for a police [manager/person in charge] with considerable experience of controlling traffic movement in a big city to provide a new perspective : that of bringing road planning and town planning together .

He knew that Coy was an administrator , that he had never been in the field either as a soldier or as an agent .
he knew that coy was an [manager/person in charge] , that he had never been in the field either as a soldier or as an agent .

Tolonen turned as Administrator Spatz came hurriedly into the room , bowing low , clearly flustered by the Marshal 's unannounced arrival .
tolonen turned as [manager/person in charge] spatz came hurriedly into the room , bowing low , clearly flustered by the marshal 's unannounced arrival .

Given that conflict is inevitable , and assuming that organizational goals are broad ! y desirable , there are two aspects of conflict which are relevant in practice to the manager or administrator .
given that conflict is inevitable , and assuming that organizational goals are broad ! y desirable , there are two aspects of conflict which are relevant in practice to the manager or [manager/person in charge] .

( c. 1228–1277 ) , administrator , was probably born some time before 1228 in the village of Boreham in Essex and was the son of Ralph , son of William of Boreham , minor landowner .
( c. 1228–1277 ) , [manager/person in charge] , was probably born some time before 1228 in the village of boreham in essex and was the son of ralph , son of william of boreham , minor landowner .

, Sir Francis Henry ( 1879–1971 ) , Indian administrator , diplomat , and chairman of several companies , was born in Oswestry , Shropshire , 24 April 1879 , the eldest son of the Revd Walter Humphrys , assistant master at Oswestry Grammar School , and his wife Helen Agnes , daughter of the Revd Alfred Francis Boucher .
, sir francis henry ( 1879–1971 ) , indian [manager/person in charge] , diplomat , and chairman of several companies , was born in oswestry , shropshire , 24 april 1879 , the eldest son of the revd walter humphrys , assistant master at oswestry grammar school , and his wife helen agnes , daughter of the revd alfred francis boucher .

, Robert Baldwin ( 1869–1918 ) , writer , art critic , and artistic administrator , was born in Tours , France , 25 May 1869 , the youngest in the family of four sons and three daughters of John Ross , attorney-general of Upper Canada , and his wife Augusta Elizabeth , daughter of Robert Baldwin [ q.v . ]
, robert baldwin ( 1869–1918 ) , writer , art critic , and artistic [manager/person in charge] , was born in tours , france , 25 may 1869 , the youngest in the family of four sons and three daughters of john ross , attorney-general of upper canada , and his wife augusta elizabeth , daughter of robert baldwin [ q.v . ]

From 1901 to 1909 Ross was a director and administrator of the Carfax Gallery , a small avant-garde art gallery which , under his direction , gained a reputation for showing the work of unknown artists .
from 1901 to 1909 ross was a director and [manager/person in charge] of the carfax gallery , a small avant-garde art gallery which , under his direction , gained a reputation for showing the work of unknown artists .

, William ( 1603–1675 ) , parliamentary administrator , was baptized in Stafford 22 September 1603 , the son of Thomas Jessoppe , and his wife Margery .
, william ( 1603–1675 ) , parliamentary [manager/person in charge] , was baptized in stafford 22 september 1603 , the son of thomas jessoppe , and his wife margery .

( c. 1236–1294 ) , administrator and judge , was a younger son of the Richard de Lovetot ( d .
( c. 1236–1294 ) , [manager/person in charge] and judge , was a younger son of the richard de lovetot ( d .

He was a tactful administrator and leader of men .
he was a tactful [manager/person in charge] and leader of men .

He was a conscientious administrator and was remembered as a great teacher .
he was a conscientious [manager/person in charge] and was remembered as a great teacher .

( ante 1260–1321 ) , administrator and judge , makes his first appearance in surviving records in 1281 .
( ante 1260–1321 ) , [manager/person in charge] and judge , makes his first appearance in surviving records in 1281 .

But Robinson was more important to the restored monarchy as financier and metropolitan administrator .
but robinson was more important to the restored monarchy as financier and metropolitan [manager/person in charge] .

Increasingly , the monarchy was involved in courtly display , and it was as the administrator of such functions that Cawarden was to win fame , providing costumes for men and horses and complicated scenic devices .
increasingly , the monarchy was involved in courtly display , and it was as the [manager/person in charge] of such functions that cawarden was to win fame , providing costumes for men and horses and complicated scenic devices .

, Sir William ( 1520–1600 ) , politician and administrator , was born 30 January 1520 , the fifth but only surviving son of ( Sir ) Christopher More , Exchequer official , who had purchased Loseley , near Guildford , Surrey , by 1509 , and his first wife Margaret , daughter of Walter Mugge of Guildford ; five of his nine sisters lived to marry .
, sir william ( 1520–1600 ) , politician and [manager/person in charge] , was born 30 january 1520 , the fifth but only surviving son of ( sir ) christopher more , exchequer official , who had purchased loseley , near guildford , surrey , by 1509 , and his first wife margaret , daughter of walter mugge of guildford ; five of his nine sisters lived to marry .

Despite sharing parliamentary control of Surrey with the Howards of Effingham throughout the Elizabethan period , he is remembered as an efficient , hard-working , and trusted county administrator , and that work is best studied in his voluminous private papers .
despite sharing parliamentary control of surrey with the howards of effingham throughout the elizabethan period , he is remembered as an efficient , hard-working , and trusted county [manager/person in charge] , and that work is best studied in his voluminous private papers .

Throughout his career he was noted for the calm , far-sighted judgement which , combined with appreciation of scholarship , made him such an outstanding administrator .
throughout his career he was noted for the calm , far-sighted judgement which , combined with appreciation of scholarship , made him such an outstanding [manager/person in charge] .

, John ( 1624–1701 ) , republican administrator and colonial governor , was the son of John Blackwell , a Puritan-inclined London businessman , who at one time supplied the royal household with groceries and latterly settled in Mortlake in Surrey , and his wife , who came from the Smithesby family , royal household servants .
, john ( 1624–1701 ) , republican [manager/person in charge] and colonial governor , was the son of john blackwell , a puritan-inclined london businessman , who at one time supplied the royal household with groceries and latterly settled in mortlake in surrey , and his wife , who came from the smithesby family , royal household servants .

, Gualter or Walter ( 1628–1652 ) , surveyor , college servant , political agent , and administrator , came from a modest East Anglian background .
, gualter or walter ( 1628–1652 ) , surveyor , college servant , political agent , and [manager/person in charge] , came from a modest east anglian background .

The attempt has failed , through scepticism that one man could have supervised such a major project whilst still discharging Elias 's functions as steward and administrator elsewhere .
the attempt has failed , through scepticism that one man could have supervised such a major project whilst still discharging elias 's functions as steward and [manager/person in charge] elsewhere .

1647–1696 ) , republican administrator and Particular Baptist preacher , came of a Gloucestershire family and was a cousin of Richard Deane [ q.v . ]
1647–1696 ) , republican [manager/person in charge] and particular baptist preacher , came of a gloucestershire family and was a cousin of richard deane [ q.v . ]

, Samuel ( c. 1609–1683 ) , republican merchant and financial administrator , was born in Leigh , Essex , the second son of James Moyer , master mariner .
, samuel ( c. 1609–1683 ) , republican merchant and financial [manager/person in charge] , was born in leigh , essex , the second son of james moyer , master mariner .

He was a good-humoured , patient man of great personal charm , an energetic and skilled administrator and excellent public speaker .
he was a good-humoured , patient man of great personal charm , an energetic and skilled [manager/person in charge] and excellent public speaker .

By the time he retired in 1917 , Whitelegge had proved himself a hard-working administrator .
by the time he retired in 1917 , whitelegge had proved himself a hard-working [manager/person in charge] .

, bishop of Norwich , and continued his career as ecclesiastical administrator until his death .
, bishop of norwich , and continued his career as ecclesiastical [manager/person in charge] until his death .

Raja James resisted British annexation and on his death in 1868 his title passed to his nephew Charles Johnson , who took the name of Brooke , an active and vigorous administrator of austere though unconventional disposition .
raja james resisted british annexation and on his death in 1868 his title passed to his nephew charles johnson , who took the name of brooke , an active and vigorous [manager/person in charge] of austere though unconventional disposition .

Scott was never a leading scientific thinker , and probably owed his election as fellow of the Royal Society in 1870 to Sabine , but he was a capable administrator .
scott was never a leading scientific thinker , and probably owed his election as fellow of the royal society in 1870 to sabine , but he was a capable [manager/person in charge] .

The college benefited greatly , not only from his gifts as an astute chairman of committees and as a calm and efficient administrator , but from the warmth of his personality .
the college benefited greatly , not only from his gifts as an astute chairman of committees and as a calm and efficient [manager/person in charge] , but from the warmth of his personality .

, Sir Charles John ( 1921–1980 ) , broadcasting administrator , was born in Dublin 13 October 1921 , the only son and eldest of the four children of Felix Curran , an army schoolmaster , and his wife Alicia Isabella Bruce , from Aberdeen .
, sir charles john ( 1921–1980 ) , broadcasting [manager/person in charge] , was born in dublin 13 october 1921 , the only son and eldest of the four children of felix curran , an army schoolmaster , and his wife alicia isabella bruce , from aberdeen .

, Benjamin ( 1774–1842 ) , wine merchant and cricket administrator , was born 14 January 1744 in Newington Green , Middlesex , the third son and sixth and last child of Rawson Aislabie , soap and wine merchant of Newington Green , and his wife Frances Rayson of Dunham , Nottinghamshire .
, benjamin ( 1774–1842 ) , wine merchant and cricket [manager/person in charge] , was born 14 january 1744 in newington green , middlesex , the third son and sixth and last child of rawson aislabie , soap and wine merchant of newington green , and his wife frances rayson of dunham , nottinghamshire .

He made his greater mark as a cricket administrator .
he made his greater mark as a cricket [manager/person in charge] .

An efficient but gentle administrator , with a particular sympathy and concern for the least important , he let people make their own decisions whilst watching from the background .
an efficient but gentle [manager/person in charge] , with a particular sympathy and concern for the least important , he let people make their own decisions whilst watching from the background .

Certainly his skill as an administrator was a vital factor in ensuring that so much was built so quickly and magnificently .
certainly his skill as an [manager/person in charge] was a vital factor in ensuring that so much was built so quickly and magnificently .

Hobhouse commanded confidence as a hard-working administrator and straightforward spokesman for his department .
hobhouse commanded confidence as a hard-working [manager/person in charge] and straightforward spokesman for his department .

, Sir Ralph Lilley ( 1888–1983 ) , scholar and academic administrator , was born 5 October 1888 in Charlton , London , the second of the three sons and third of the four children of George Turner , schoolmaster , of Cambridge , and his wife Bertha , daughter of William Eaden Lilley .
, sir ralph lilley ( 1888–1983 ) , scholar and academic [manager/person in charge] , was born 5 october 1888 in charlton , london , the second of the three sons and third of the four children of george turner , schoolmaster , of cambridge , and his wife bertha , daughter of william eaden lilley .

, George ( 1801–1847 ) , Gold Coast administrator , was born in Keith , Banffshire , 24 February 1801 , the second son and fifth child in the family of four daughters and three sons of the Revd James Maclean and his first wife Elizabeth Tod .
, george ( 1801–1847 ) , gold coast [manager/person in charge] , was born in keith , banffshire , 24 february 1801 , the second son and fifth child in the family of four daughters and three sons of the revd james maclean and his first wife elizabeth tod .

The council itself proved a largely inactive body , with the result that from 1829 to 1844 he was able , thanks to his personal authority , to become the chief administrator , lawmaker , and , indeed , virtual ruler of the Gold Coast .
the council itself proved a largely inactive body , with the result that from 1829 to 1844 he was able , thanks to his personal authority , to become the chief [manager/person in charge] , lawmaker , and , indeed , virtual ruler of the gold coast .

, Sir Thomas ( 1573–1645 ) , soldier and courtier , was baptized 12 February 1573 in Rushbrooke , Suffolk , the eldest son of Sir Robert Jermyn of Rushbrooke Hall , leading Puritan and county administrator , and his wife Judith , daughter of Sir George Blagg .
, sir thomas ( 1573–1645 ) , soldier and courtier , was baptized 12 february 1573 in rushbrooke , suffolk , the eldest son of sir robert jermyn of rushbrooke hall , leading puritan and county [manager/person in charge] , and his wife judith , daughter of sir george blagg .

, Humphrey ( 1603–1654 ) , administrator and politician , was born 27 January 1603 , the eldest of three children and the only son of Richard Mackworth ( d .
, humphrey ( 1603–1654 ) , [manager/person in charge] and politician , was born 27 january 1603 , the eldest of three children and the only son of richard mackworth ( d .

1285–1331 ) , monastic administrator , was born to unknown parents , probably in the village of Eastry , Kent , as his name indicates .
1285–1331 ) , monastic [manager/person in charge] , was born to unknown parents , probably in the village of eastry , kent , as his name indicates .

, John Malcolm Forbes ( 1821–1911 ) , civil administrator and social critic , was born in Nimach , India , 8 March 1821 , the youngest in the family of two sons and three daughters of Lieutenant-Colonel John Ludlow of the East India Company , and his wife Maria , eldest daughter of Murdoch Brown , a merchant and traveller of Edinburgh .
, john malcolm forbes ( 1821–1911 ) , civil [manager/person in charge] and social critic , was born in nimach , india , 8 march 1821 , the youngest in the family of two sons and three daughters of lieutenant-colonel john ludlow of the east india company , and his wife maria , eldest daughter of murdoch brown , a merchant and traveller of edinburgh .

He quickly made his mark as a district administrator .
he quickly made his mark as a district [manager/person in charge] .

Robinson was an able engineer and administrator who took a keen interest in his men and their working conditions , especially those of locomotive footplate staff , whose spartan conditions he improved considerably .
robinson was an able engineer and [manager/person in charge] who took a keen interest in his men and their working conditions , especially those of locomotive footplate staff , whose spartan conditions he improved considerably .

, Richard ( 1597–1670 ) , colonist , religious radical , merchant , and naval administrator , was born in Alford , Lincolnshire , 3 January 1597 , the fourth child and fourth son in the family of six sons and two daughters ( one of whom died young ) of Edward Hutchinson and his wife Susannah .
, richard ( 1597–1670 ) , colonist , religious radical , merchant , and naval [manager/person in charge] , was born in alford , lincolnshire , 3 january 1597 , the fourth child and fourth son in the family of six sons and two daughters ( one of whom died young ) of edward hutchinson and his wife susannah .

, Sir Patrick Joseph ( 1826–1894 ) , Irish educationist and administrator , was born , probably in Dublin , in 1826 , the son of John Keenan esquire of Phibsborough , Dublin , and his wife Mary , daughter of Patrick Sherlock of Dublin .
, sir patrick joseph ( 1826–1894 ) , irish educationist and [manager/person in charge] , was born , probably in dublin , in 1826 , the son of john keenan esquire of phibsborough , dublin , and his wife mary , daughter of patrick sherlock of dublin .

( ante 1248– c. 1313 ) , administrator , first appears in surviving records , but already in a responsible position , in 1269 .
( ante 1248– c. 1313 ) , [manager/person in charge] , first appears in surviving records , but already in a responsible position , in 1269 .

Strahan was a very successful administrator and organizer .
strahan was a very successful [manager/person in charge] and organizer .

Lastly , the holder of a floating charge will be able to block the appointment of an administrator .
lastly , the holder of a floating charge will be able to block the appointment of an [manager/person in charge] .

Arguably the appointment of an administrator for the more advantageous realisation of the company 's assets than a winding-up has this effect since this constitutes a virtual cessation of business .
arguably the appointment of an [manager/person in charge] for the more advantageous realisation of the company 's assets than a winding-up has this effect since this constitutes a virtual cessation of business .

Although there is no authority on this , it is submitted that this is not the case since the provisions on administration ( particularly the right of the floating charge holder to block the appointment of an administrator ) obviously envisage that crystallisation must arise from the act of the floating charge holder or the terms of the charge .
although there is no authority on this , it is submitted that this is not the case since the provisions on administration ( particularly the right of the floating charge holder to block the appointment of an [manager/person in charge] ) obviously envisage that crystallisation must arise from the act of the floating charge holder or the terms of the charge .

Also , it would frustrate an administration where an administrator is appointed for the purpose set out in section 8 ( 3 ) ( a ) of the 1986 Act .
also , it would frustrate an administration where an [manager/person in charge] is appointed for the purpose set out in section 8 ( 3 ) ( a ) of the 1986 act .

These provisions relate to ( i ) preferential creditors — which affects the priority of the charge ; ( ii ) defective floating charges — which affects the validity of the charge ; ( iii ) the right of an administrator to override a floating charge — ; which affects the enforcement rights of the charge ; ( iv ) costs of the liquidation — which diminishes the assets available for the floating charge holders .
these provisions relate to ( i ) preferential creditors — which affects the priority of the charge ; ( ii ) defective floating charges — which affects the validity of the charge ; ( iii ) the right of an [manager/person in charge] to override a floating charge — ; which affects the enforcement rights of the charge ; ( iv ) costs of the liquidation — which diminishes the assets available for the floating charge holders .

Where the floating charge is in favour of a ‘ connected person ’ it is easier for an administrator or liquidator to challenge the charge .
where the floating charge is in favour of a ‘ connected person ’ it is easier for an [manager/person in charge] or liquidator to challenge the charge .

( iii ) The third statutory limitation on the right of a floating charge holder is section 15 of the Insolvency Act 1986 which empowers an administrator to sell property subject to a charge which as created was a floating charge without the need to obtain a court order .
( iii ) the third statutory limitation on the right of a floating charge holder is section 15 of the insolvency act 1986 which empowers an [manager/person in charge] to sell property subject to a charge which as created was a floating charge without the need to obtain a court order .

Unless the prescribed particulars of the charge are delivered to the Registrar within 21 days of the creation of the charge , it will be void against the administrator , liquidator , or any person who for value acquires an interest in or right over the property subject to the charge .
unless the prescribed particulars of the charge are delivered to the registrar within 21 days of the creation of the charge , it will be void against the [manager/person in charge] , liquidator , or any person who for value acquires an interest in or right over the property subject to the charge .

Since an administrator and liquidator ( particularly the latter ) are more or less statutory trustees for unsecured creditors , it could be argued that there is nothing anomalous about this .
since an [manager/person in charge] and liquidator ( particularly the latter ) are more or less statutory trustees for unsecured creditors , it could be argued that there is nothing anomalous about this .

( ii ) Late registration Failure to register a charge within the 21-day period does not preclude its subsequent registration ; a charge can be registered outside the 21-day period at any time prior to the company 's liquidation or the appointment of an administrator without the need to obtain a court order .
( ii ) late registration failure to register a charge within the 21-day period does not preclude its subsequent registration ; a charge can be registered outside the 21-day period at any time prior to the company 's liquidation or the appointment of an [manager/person in charge] without the need to obtain a court order .

Secondly , if the company is insolvent when the charge is registered out of time , it is vulnerable to challenge by the administrator or the liquidator .
secondly , if the company is insolvent when the charge is registered out of time , it is vulnerable to challenge by the [manager/person in charge] or the liquidator .

Where the registered particulars of a charge are not complete and accurate , the charge is void to the extent of the rights not disclosed as against an administrator , liquidator or a person who acquires for value an interest or right over the property subject to the charge .
where the registered particulars of a charge are not complete and accurate , the charge is void to the extent of the rights not disclosed as against an [manager/person in charge] , liquidator or a person who acquires for value an interest or right over the property subject to the charge .

It can order the charge to be effective : ( i ) as against an administrator and liquidator , if it is satisfied that the inaccuracy did not prejudice any unsecured creditor or that no person became an unsecured creditor during the period when the registered particulars were defective and ( ii ) as against a person who acquires an interest , if that person was not misled by the unregistered particulars .
it can order the charge to be effective : ( i ) as against an [manager/person in charge] and liquidator , if it is satisfied that the inaccuracy did not prejudice any unsecured creditor or that no person became an unsecured creditor during the period when the registered particulars were defective and ( ii ) as against a person who acquires an interest , if that person was not misled by the unregistered particulars .

The broad effect of this is that a defect will normally be cured as against the administrator and liquidator ( since unsecured creditors will not normally rely on the register of charges ) but not against persons who acquire an interest ( who will normally rely on the register of charges ) .
the broad effect of this is that a defect will normally be cured as against the [manager/person in charge] and liquidator ( since unsecured creditors will not normally rely on the register of charges ) but not against persons who acquire an interest ( who will normally rely on the register of charges ) .

Because it was felt necessary to deal with the uncertainties that this would create for those acquiring the interest of a chargee of a company 's assets , and also to enhance the transferability of charges created by companies , section 406 provides that a chargee in exercising a power of sale may dispose of property freed of any interest which has arisen because the charge has become void against an administrator , a liquidator or a person who has acquired an interest in it .
because it was felt necessary to deal with the uncertainties that this would create for those acquiring the interest of a chargee of a company 's assets , and also to enhance the transferability of charges created by companies , section 406 provides that a chargee in exercising a power of sale may dispose of property freed of any interest which has arisen because the charge has become void against an [manager/person in charge] , a liquidator or a person who has acquired an interest in it .

Secondly , the professional may insist upon controlling the work that he or she does rather than allowing the administrator to impose control .
secondly , the professional may insist upon controlling the work that he or she does rather than allowing the [manager/person in charge] to impose control .

In other words the generalist administrator calls upon the economists , the statisticians , etc .
in other words the generalist [manager/person in charge] calls upon the economists , the statisticians , etc .

The National Health Service administrator may be critical of the doctor who is profligate in the use of equipment and resources and at the same time the doctor may resent having to ' account for expenditure to the administrator who may lack the medical expertise to understand why such equipment and resources were used .
the national health service [manager/person in charge] may be critical of the doctor who is profligate in the use of equipment and resources and at the same time the doctor may resent having to ' account for expenditure to the [manager/person in charge] who may lack the medical expertise to understand why such equipment and resources were used .

However , recent writings on leadership would seem to support the retention of the skills of the generalist administrator .
however , recent writings on leadership would seem to support the retention of the skills of the generalist [manager/person in charge] .

The generalist administrator is concerned to take this wider view and not be bound by a narrow perspective .
the generalist [manager/person in charge] is concerned to take this wider view and not be bound by a narrow perspective .

However , planning is only a part of an administrator 's work .
however , planning is only a part of an [manager/person in charge] 's work .

The Kraszna-Krausz Foundation has appointed Andrea Livingstone awards administrator .
the kraszna-krausz foundation has appointed andrea livingstone awards [manager/person in charge] .

Until 1990 , she was the assistant director of the Booksellers Association , where , among other duties , she was administrator of the Whitbread Book of the Year .
until 1990 , she was the assistant director of the booksellers association , where , among other duties , she was [manager/person in charge] of the whitbread book of the year .

Andrew Pinnock is an Arts Council Music Officer ( early music is his specialist field ) , and has recently been appointed Artistic Administrator to the Purcell Tercentenary Trust .
andrew pinnock is an arts council music officer ( early music is his specialist field ) , and has recently been appointed artistic [manager/person in charge] to the purcell tercentenary trust .

We also appointed Heidi Gomm as our Office Administrator , while Carole Richards became our part-time Membership Secretary following the birth of her son , Thomas .
we also appointed heidi gomm as our office [manager/person in charge] , while carole richards became our part-time membership secretary following the birth of her son , thomas .

We were also pleased to promote our long-standing Administrator , Jenny Smith , to the post of Assistant Director , Information .
we were also pleased to promote our long-standing [manager/person in charge] , jenny smith , to the post of assistant director , information .

Administrator of the School
[manager/person in charge] of the school

The head of department is assisted by an administrator , and there are 35 members of the technical and clerical staff , plus six cleaners and a caretaker .
the head of department is assisted by an [manager/person in charge] , and there are 35 members of the technical and clerical staff , plus six cleaners and a caretaker .

The departmental administrator 's responsibilities include finance , staff relations , the appointment of clerical assistants and technicians , and the maintenance of premises .
the departmental [manager/person in charge] 's responsibilities include finance , staff relations , the appointment of clerical assistants and technicians , and the maintenance of premises .

If you were involved in things at a senior level , whether it were as an administrator , a Minister or even as a senior policeman , you had hundreds of things on the go at any one time .
if you were involved in things at a senior level , whether it were as an [manager/person in charge] , a minister or even as a senior policeman , you had hundreds of things on the go at any one time .

An increasing number of universities are bringing the library and the computing service together , under one operation , or linked through a senior academic administrator post .
an increasing number of universities are bringing the library and the computing service together , under one operation , or linked through a senior academic [manager/person in charge] post .

Yet this radical worker , formed in the revolutionary school of before 1848 , was to make his mark on labour history as the cautious , moderate and above all efficient administrator of the greatest of the ‘ new model ’ skilled unions , the Amalgamated Society of Engineers ; and was both a practising Anglican churchman and ‘ in politics a sound and consistent liberal , not given to political quackery in any form ’ .
yet this radical worker , formed in the revolutionary school of before 1848 , was to make his mark on labour history as the cautious , moderate and above all efficient [manager/person in charge] of the greatest of the ‘ new model ’ skilled unions , the amalgamated society of engineers ; and was both a practising anglican churchman and ‘ in politics a sound and consistent liberal , not given to political quackery in any form ’ .

The purchaser should reject outright any suggestion by any vendor other than a liquidator , administrator or receiver that , unlike a share sale , there is no need to give warranties in an asset sale .
the purchaser should reject outright any suggestion by any vendor other than a liquidator , [manager/person in charge] or receiver that , unlike a share sale , there is no need to give warranties in an asset sale .

‘ The Secretary-General had a word with the hospital 's administrator who reluctantly agreed to make an exception in the Colonel 's case and waive the normal visiting hours .
‘ the secretary-general had a word with the hospital 's [manager/person in charge] who reluctantly agreed to make an exception in the colonel 's case and waive the normal visiting hours .

Close to the President for most of the New Deal years was Harry Hopkins who worked as Federal relief administrator .
close to the president for most of the new deal years was harry hopkins who worked as federal relief [manager/person in charge] .

At a Unesco conference in Geneva in 1974 , an administrator from central Africa told me : `` We shall have great difficulties in establishing media centres in our rural schools . ``
at a unesco conference in geneva in 1974 , an [manager/person in charge] from central africa told me : `` we shall have great difficulties in establishing media centres in our rural schools . ``

This policy has undoubtedly lowered the standards of library provision … Providing a library for a College which has never had one before is a simple professional task but ensuring that the library becomes an integral part of the College educational structure is another matter … This is the significance of the term `` Tutor `` as distinct from administrator — a librarian who is actively engaged in seeking to encourage others to use books for pleasure and profit .
this policy has undoubtedly lowered the standards of library provision … providing a library for a college which has never had one before is a simple professional task but ensuring that the library becomes an integral part of the college educational structure is another matter … this is the significance of the term `` tutor `` as distinct from [manager/person in charge] — a librarian who is actively engaged in seeking to encourage others to use books for pleasure and profit .

Stella the personnel administrator will not simply push paper around in Personnel but will take action to cut down on the bureaucracy .
stella the personnel [manager/person in charge] will not simply push paper around in personnel but will take action to cut down on the bureaucracy .

Many a manager has ceased to be a leader and has been sucked into the bureaucracy of his organization , effectively ( in many cases ineffectively ) becoming just an administrator of the cumbersome systems within it .
many a manager has ceased to be a leader and has been sucked into the bureaucracy of his organization , effectively ( in many cases ineffectively ) becoming just an [manager/person in charge] of the cumbersome systems within it .

The Profitboss is not an administrator .
the profitboss is not an [manager/person in charge] .

His administrator will do at ] that .
his [manager/person in charge] will do at ] that .

New president Ralph Laing is welcomed and the death of administrator Robin Prentice is mourned .
new president ralph laing is welcomed and the death of [manager/person in charge] robin prentice is mourned .

Emmanuel Leroy Ladurie , administrator of the Bibliothèque Nationale , has been appointed chairman of an association set up to consider the administrative problems and to determine the aims and contents of the long awaited library , and who the users will be .
emmanuel leroy ladurie , [manager/person in charge] of the bibliothèque nationale , has been appointed chairman of an association set up to consider the administrative problems and to determine the aims and contents of the long awaited library , and who the users will be .

Read this and keep it if you 're an artist , a dealer , an auctioneer , a collector , a museum curator , an academic , a publisher , an advertiser , a sponsor , a restorer , an architect , a lawyer or an arts administrator inside or outside Europe
read this and keep it if you 're an artist , a dealer , an auctioneer , a collector , a museum curator , an academic , a publisher , an advertiser , a sponsor , a restorer , an architect , a lawyer or an arts [manager/person in charge] inside or outside europe

The academic registrar The academic registrar is a full-time administrator , responsible for all matters academic — from the appointment of academic staff to the admission of students , from college statutes and rules to formal relationships between the college and its principal funding authorities .
the academic registrar the academic registrar is a full-time [manager/person in charge] , responsible for all matters academic — from the appointment of academic staff to the admission of students , from college statutes and rules to formal relationships between the college and its principal funding authorities .

The bursar The bursar is another full-time administrator , responsible for all matters relating to college funding and the control of college financial expenditures .
the bursar the bursar is another full-time [manager/person in charge] , responsible for all matters relating to college funding and the control of college financial expenditures .

, although the family 's residence there was itself the result of a career move by an earlier professional administrator ; they had come originally from the north west .
, although the family 's residence there was itself the result of a career move by an earlier professional [manager/person in charge] ; they had come originally from the north west .

Even when functioning as a ‘ mere administrator ’ the scientist can savour success in winning support for new projects and some impressive examples were described .
even when functioning as a ‘ mere [manager/person in charge] ’ the scientist can savour success in winning support for new projects and some impressive examples were described .

Today the skilled administrator and the ambitious politician collect the chairmanships of those entwined committees which control affairs at local and national level .
today the skilled [manager/person in charge] and the ambitious politician collect the chairmanships of those entwined committees which control affairs at local and national level .

His son , Hidetada , was an equally able administrator and politician , and by the time of his death in 1632 his family 's position was unchallenged .
his son , hidetada , was an equally able [manager/person in charge] and politician , and by the time of his death in 1632 his family 's position was unchallenged .

The Problem Administrator ( a member of the Computer Group ) will monitor the progress of each problem to ensure that action is being taken .
the problem [manager/person in charge] ( a member of the computer group ) will monitor the progress of each problem to ensure that action is being taken .

The Problem Administrator will ensure that timely action is taken to resolve the problem .
the problem [manager/person in charge] will ensure that timely action is taken to resolve the problem .

the Problem Administrator will refer all problems which originate from a user or a member of the Computer Group ( other than a ) above ) .
the problem [manager/person in charge] will refer all problems which originate from a user or a member of the computer group ( other than a ) above ) .

return the Problem Report Form to the Problem Administrator .
return the problem report form to the problem [manager/person in charge] .

Problem Administrator
problem [manager/person in charge]

The Problem Management Procedures to be undertaken by the Problem Administrator are described below .
the problem management procedures to be undertaken by the problem [manager/person in charge] are described below .

For each problem encountered by a user , the user will complete a Problem Report Form and send this form , together with any supporting documentation to the Problem Administrator .
for each problem encountered by a user , the user will complete a problem report form and send this form , together with any supporting documentation to the problem [manager/person in charge] .

On receipt of a Problem Report Form , the Problem Administrator should :
on receipt of a problem report form , the problem [manager/person in charge] should :

The Problem Administrator should access all outstanding computer based problem reports regularly , i.e .
the problem [manager/person in charge] should access all outstanding computer based problem reports regularly , i.e .

the Problem Administrator , who oversees the problem solving activities , and
the problem [manager/person in charge] , who oversees the problem solving activities , and

the Problem Administrator has access to all problem reports ( using the System Administrator 's password ) , and
the problem [manager/person in charge] has access to all problem reports ( using the system [manager/person in charge] 's password ) , and

The Problem Administration Dialogue , used by the Problem Administrator , offers the following options :
the problem administration dialogue , used by the problem [manager/person in charge] , offers the following options :

The professional versus administrator clash is a second structurally induced clash over power .
the professional versus [manager/person in charge] clash is a second structurally induced clash over power .

Taken at their face value , such diagrams convey the impression that the president is the chief administrator of the federal government with all its employees directly answerable and accountable to him ; the reality , however , is very different .
taken at their face value , such diagrams convey the impression that the president is the chief [manager/person in charge] of the federal government with all its employees directly answerable and accountable to him ; the reality , however , is very different .

The right to access the system databases depends on the appropriate authority being granted by the database administrator .
the right to access the system databases depends on the appropriate authority being granted by the database [manager/person in charge] .

Tables of lexicographers and of the group memberships of lexicographers are created and maintained by the database administrator .
tables of lexicographers and of the group memberships of lexicographers are created and maintained by the database [manager/person in charge] .

We presented these demands to the estate administrator but he ignored them .
we presented these demands to the estate [manager/person in charge] but he ignored them .

The administrator phoned the estate owner and brought in the National Guard who captured the leaders of the union from their homes one night .
the [manager/person in charge] phoned the estate owner and brought in the national guard who captured the leaders of the union from their homes one night .

On Saturday January 23 there will be a Study Day on the theme of the exhibition . Tickets cost £12 and are bookable in advance through the Theatre Administrator ;
on saturday january 23 there will be a study day on the theme of the exhibition . tickets cost £12 and are bookable in advance through the theatre [manager/person in charge] ;

To book pease telephone the Theatre Administrator on
to book pease telephone the theatre [manager/person in charge] on

Stella Clayton , Office Administrator at Hygiene Leeds has been informing staff and clients for months that she was going swimming with Freddy .
stella clayton , office [manager/person in charge] at hygiene leeds has been informing staff and clients for months that she was going swimming with freddy .

One of the course participants , production administrator Alison Bonham , commented : ‘ Each crew member was allocated a specific role on board the yacht after being assessed through answers given in a questionnaire .
one of the course participants , production [manager/person in charge] alison bonham , commented : ‘ each crew member was allocated a specific role on board the yacht after being assessed through answers given in a questionnaire .

However the Guide also provides good preparation for anyone involved in National Certificate work , either as an administrator or as a teacher or lecturer .
however the guide also provides good preparation for anyone involved in national certificate work , either as an [manager/person in charge] or as a teacher or lecturer .

According to Dugald Mackie , until recently a senior administrator at Strathclyde University , there has been tension between accountability and autonomy as the introduction of new management systems has worked itself out throughout Scotland .
according to dugald mackie , until recently a senior [manager/person in charge] at strathclyde university , there has been tension between accountability and autonomy as the introduction of new management systems has worked itself out throughout scotland .

It includes the chance to become familiar with a very wide range of social and educational problems and is a useful source of information and practical experience for those who intend to work with people or whose work will , like that of an architect , planner or administrator , be concerned very much with people and the settings in which they live and work .
it includes the chance to become familiar with a very wide range of social and educational problems and is a useful source of information and practical experience for those who intend to work with people or whose work will , like that of an architect , planner or [manager/person in charge] , be concerned very much with people and the settings in which they live and work .

, although the family 's residence there was itself the result of a career move by an earlier professional administrator ; they had come originally from the north west .
, although the family 's residence there was itself the result of a career move by an earlier professional [manager/person in charge] ; they had come originally from the north west .

The administrator took us one floor up in a lift big enough to ferry a helicopter to the roof .
the [manager/person in charge] took us one floor up in a lift big enough to ferry a helicopter to the roof .

‘ Of course , ’ said the Obergruppenführer administrator in her ‘ what-do-you-think-we-are ?
‘ of course , ’ said the obergruppenführer [manager/person in charge] in her ‘ what-do-you-think-we-are ?

The administrator smiled .
the [manager/person in charge] smiled .

Before considering another approach , it is interesting to note that the objectives broadly correspond to Sandmo 's ( 1976 ) introductory discussion of what might be meant by an optimal tax with the efficiency ( excess burdens ) approach being identified with the economist , the equity considerations with the ‘ man in the street ’ and the ‘ control ’ point with the tax administrator 's viewpoint .
before considering another approach , it is interesting to note that the objectives broadly correspond to sandmo 's ( 1976 ) introductory discussion of what might be meant by an optimal tax with the efficiency ( excess burdens ) approach being identified with the economist , the equity considerations with the ‘ man in the street ’ and the ‘ control ’ point with the tax [manager/person in charge] 's viewpoint .

Project Administrator
project [manager/person in charge]

You must have Project Administrator privilege to be able to assign roles to users using option 7.2.2 .
you must have project [manager/person in charge] privilege to be able to assign roles to users using option 7.2.2 .

Project Administrator privilege
project [manager/person in charge] privilege

You must have Project Administrator privilege to assign or deassign roles to users using option 7.2.2 .
you must have project [manager/person in charge] privilege to assign or deassign roles to users using option 7.2.2 .

Roles are allocated to users by a user possessing the ‘ Project Administrator ’ privilege .
roles are allocated to users by a user possessing the ‘ project [manager/person in charge] ’ privilege .

After seventeen years ' service with Stoddard Ellen Gardner retired from her position as an Export Administrator on the 27th July .
after seventeen years ' service with stoddard ellen gardner retired from her position as an export [manager/person in charge] on the 27th july .

The celebration was planned by Todd 's catechist , volunteer musicians and the administrator at the home .
the celebration was planned by todd 's catechist , volunteer musicians and the [manager/person in charge] at the home .

French-born Collin , 65 , a former colonial administrator , had held government office continuously since 1963 .
french-born collin , 65 , a former colonial [manager/person in charge] , had held government office continuously since 1963 .

The most significant appointments were as follows ( with previously held posts in parentheses ) : Edouard Akame Mfoumou — Defence ( Secretary-General at the Presidency ) ; Gilbert Andze Tsoungui — Territorial Administration ( Delegate-General for National Security ) ; René Owona — Industrial and Commercial Development and Trade ( director-general of Dschang Agricultural Centre , west Cameroon ) ; Simon Bassilekin — Finance ( a National Administrator of the Bank of Central African States ) , and Marcel Niat Nkifenji — Planning and Territorial Development ( general manager of the National Electricity Corporation ) .
the most significant appointments were as follows ( with previously held posts in parentheses ) : edouard akame mfoumou — defence ( secretary-general at the presidency ) ; gilbert andze tsoungui — territorial administration ( delegate-general for national security ) ; rené owona — industrial and commercial development and trade ( director-general of dschang agricultural centre , west cameroon ) ; simon bassilekin — finance ( a national [manager/person in charge] of the bank of central african states ) , and marcel niat nkifenji — planning and territorial development ( general manager of the national electricity corporation ) .

The graveyard 's administrator , Antonio Eustaquio , stated that the bodies , six of which were later identified as those of political prisoners , had been buried in the early 1970s , when the country was under military rule .
the graveyard 's [manager/person in charge] , antonio eustaquio , stated that the bodies , six of which were later identified as those of political prisoners , had been buried in the early 1970s , when the country was under military rule .

Nicephore Soglo , a former World Bank administrator , was elected by the delegates as interim Prime Minister , with a brief to steer the country through an 11-month transitional period to elections in 1991 .
nicephore soglo , a former world bank [manager/person in charge] , was elected by the delegates as interim prime minister , with a brief to steer the country through an 11-month transitional period to elections in 1991 .

New Canal administrator
new canal [manager/person in charge]

When someone died , the administrator collected all assets of the deceased and paid his outstanding debts .
when someone died , the [manager/person in charge] collected all assets of the deceased and paid his outstanding debts .

The administrator kept careful account of money laid out from the estate .
the [manager/person in charge] kept careful account of money laid out from the estate .

But within these pages is a unique record of the life of an independent woman , an administrator of ability , a great traveller and ardent supporter of the conservative cause in politics , an active member of the local commercial and landowning society and a gifted and spirited observer of the world around her .
but within these pages is a unique record of the life of an independent woman , an [manager/person in charge] of ability , a great traveller and ardent supporter of the conservative cause in politics , an active member of the local commercial and landowning society and a gifted and spirited observer of the world around her .

Administrator Michael Barnes was given a standing ovation after addressing the audience .
[manager/person in charge] michael barnes was given a standing ovation after addressing the audience .

Voluntary Project administrator Roy Montgomery is convinced the scheme , which has been running for three months , is a major success — and a lifeline for local young people .
voluntary project [manager/person in charge] roy montgomery is convinced the scheme , which has been running for three months , is a major success — and a lifeline for local young people .

With that sort of money administrator Roy Montgomery reckons they can carry out up to four programmes in 12 months and provide opportunities for up to 40 young people .
with that sort of money [manager/person in charge] roy montgomery reckons they can carry out up to four programmes in 12 months and provide opportunities for up to 40 young people .

Roy , administrator of the Higher Force Challenge , believes the young people who 've been involved in everything from assault to joyriding , respond to a ‘ simple thing called love ’ .
roy , [manager/person in charge] of the higher force challenge , believes the young people who 've been involved in everything from assault to joyriding , respond to a ‘ simple thing called love ’ .

There is a strong case for integrating mail order publication sales with the activities of the bookshop , and for having a single publications store under a single administrator , using a single stock-control system .
there is a strong case for integrating mail order publication sales with the activities of the bookshop , and for having a single publications store under a single [manager/person in charge] , using a single stock-control system .

We accept the terms set out in the administrator 's letter ( Ref : ARDJ/SBR/LIF/Scot.100/250 ) .
we accept the terms set out in the [manager/person in charge] 's letter ( ref : ardj/sbr/lif/scot.100/250 ) .

One class of administrator , the magister , is attested from the vicus outside the fort at Old Carlisle , on an altar dedicated by the vikanorum magistri .
one class of [manager/person in charge] , the magister , is attested from the vicus outside the fort at old carlisle , on an altar dedicated by the vikanorum magistri .

‘ With two £1,000 commissions to be won and a further £1,000 to purchase additional works , it was extremely difficult to make a final choice , ’ explained Grampian Hospital Arts Administrator Graham Smart .
‘ with two £1,000 commissions to be won and a further £1,000 to purchase additional works , it was extremely difficult to make a final choice , ’ explained grampian hospital arts [manager/person in charge] graham smart .

’ ‘ The New Testament teaches us , ’ he had told a disbelieving congregation , ‘ that Jesus was an administrator .
’ ‘ the new testament teaches us , ’ he had told a disbelieving congregation , ‘ that jesus was an [manager/person in charge] .

In the short period before joining Douglas Reyburn , he worked for five months as an administrator with the National Savings Bank .
in the short period before joining douglas reyburn , he worked for five months as an [manager/person in charge] with the national savings bank .

, 39 , joined last November as pensions payroll administrator .
, 39 , joined last november as pensions payroll [manager/person in charge] .

, 29 , is senior pensions administrator at Lower Brook Street .
, 29 , is senior pensions [manager/person in charge] at lower brook street .

, 's export administrator , helped lead the Sudbury cricket team to victory earlier this year when they won the premier cricket competition in Suffolk and Essex .
, 's export [manager/person in charge] , helped lead the sudbury cricket team to victory earlier this year when they won the premier cricket competition in suffolk and essex .

Of course the actual roles and how many people in each role will depend on the particular organisation ; indeed , we will discuss other roles , such as that of the database administrator , but this suggested structure is a useful starting point .
of course the actual roles and how many people in each role will depend on the particular organisation ; indeed , we will discuss other roles , such as that of the database [manager/person in charge] , but this suggested structure is a useful starting point .

Two of the most important representatives from the innovating group will be the database administrator and the chief analyst who is likely to be the project leader .
two of the most important representatives from the innovating group will be the database [manager/person in charge] and the chief analyst who is likely to be the project leader .

In some circumstances the database administrator will be the project leader .
in some circumstances the database [manager/person in charge] will be the project leader .

The need for a database administrator is clearly recognised in the methodology , although the role is often filled late in the life of the project , perhaps when it is too late .
the need for a database [manager/person in charge] is clearly recognised in the methodology , although the role is often filled late in the life of the project , perhaps when it is too late .

The database administrator can help the systems planning team decide on standards for communication , documentation , project development and evaluation , and help to implement these standards .
the database [manager/person in charge] can help the systems planning team decide on standards for communication , documentation , project development and evaluation , and help to implement these standards .

The systems development team will include the chief analyst and the database administrator who are both likely to be members of the systems planning team .
the systems development team will include the chief analyst and the database [manager/person in charge] who are both likely to be members of the systems planning team .

It is an important role of the database administrator to control attempts to keep data on the database indefinitely and to ensure that data entering the database is likely to be of use in the near future .
it is an important role of the database [manager/person in charge] to control attempts to keep data on the database indefinitely and to ensure that data entering the database is likely to be of use in the near future .

The database administrator may choose to optimise the performance of some query type which is posed frequently , but these considerations are not made when building the data model .
the database [manager/person in charge] may choose to optimise the performance of some query type which is posed frequently , but these considerations are not made when building the data model .

The database administrator has to think very carefully when setting up numerous lists as to whether their use will justify the overheads .
the database [manager/person in charge] has to think very carefully when setting up numerous lists as to whether their use will justify the overheads .

Fields which may be frequently accessed may be designated key fields by the database administrator and held on the index , to facilitate this easy access .
fields which may be frequently accessed may be designated key fields by the database [manager/person in charge] and held on the index , to facilitate this easy access .

’ , the database administrator may well consider using date-of-birth as a key for inclusion in the index .
’ , the database [manager/person in charge] may well consider using date-of-birth as a key for inclusion in the index .

If the database administrator has the choice of file organisation then that chosen will depend on the application .
if the database [manager/person in charge] has the choice of file organisation then that chosen will depend on the application .

Some database management systems support a number of file organisation methods and many will help the database administrator by simulating the requirements of the application on various file organisation types .
some database management systems support a number of file organisation methods and many will help the database [manager/person in charge] by simulating the requirements of the application on various file organisation types .

Has the Prime Minister seen the report from Mr. Graham Jackson , consultant cardiologist at Guy 's trust hospital , who says : ’ You put ’ — seriously ill heart — ’ patients on a list to come in but , by the time their turn comes , the contract has run out and the trust administrator says there are no funds till the next financial year ’ ?
has the prime minister seen the report from mr. graham jackson , consultant cardiologist at guy 's trust hospital , who says : ’ you put ’ — seriously ill heart — ’ patients on a list to come in but , by the time their turn comes , the contract has run out and the trust [manager/person in charge] says there are no funds till the next financial year ’ ?

Harry 's original intention had been to approach Cornelius via a secretary or administrator .
harry 's original intention had been to approach cornelius via a secretary or [manager/person in charge] .

He was an administrator now as well as a detective , so that in the morning he had a report to write , two interviews to conduct , while in the afternoon he must drive to central London to attend a committee .
he was an [manager/person in charge] now as well as a detective , so that in the morning he had a report to write , two interviews to conduct , while in the afternoon he must drive to central london to attend a committee .

If the former administrator had gone mad , then the passion that possessed him had more to do with the re-establishment of the New Thinking in a new place , rather than any desire for vengeance .
if the former [manager/person in charge] had gone mad , then the passion that possessed him had more to do with the re-establishment of the new thinking in a new place , rather than any desire for vengeance .

Two types are of interest here ; in one an innovation , usually already in existence , was introduced by an outside agency to an influential person ( adviser , headteacher , administrator ) who would act as an intermediary .
two types are of interest here ; in one an innovation , usually already in existence , was introduced by an outside agency to an influential person ( adviser , headteacher , [manager/person in charge] ) who would act as an intermediary .

At one of the interviews where both an arts adviser and an administrator were present , differing views were expressed , but surprisingly , the ambiguity of this did not appear to be apparent to either interviewee .
at one of the interviews where both an arts adviser and an [manager/person in charge] were present , differing views were expressed , but surprisingly , the ambiguity of this did not appear to be apparent to either interviewee .

‘ My own impression of Ian is that he 's outstanding as an administrator , ’ said the Archdeacon with real surprise .
‘ my own impression of ian is that he 's outstanding as an [manager/person in charge] , ’ said the archdeacon with real surprise .

Nor did he say that he thought it was unlikely , on the whole , that the Bishop would sack a perfectly competent administrator who happened not to be smarmy enough to some thruster from the Scottish lowlands .
nor did he say that he thought it was unlikely , on the whole , that the bishop would sack a perfectly competent [manager/person in charge] who happened not to be smarmy enough to some thruster from the scottish lowlands .

‘ Ian 's very competent as an administrator .
‘ ian 's very competent as an [manager/person in charge] .

‘ His father had been a solicitor in Medewich before he died and he knew the Bishop , so he came here as an administrator .
‘ his father had been a solicitor in medewich before he died and he knew the bishop , so he came here as an [manager/person in charge] .

This was noted as long ago as 1975 ( Hughes ) when it was pointed out that the administrator had to present an acceptable change , `` for today only acceptable schemes are operable .
this was noted as long ago as 1975 ( hughes ) when it was pointed out that the [manager/person in charge] had to present an acceptable change , `` for today only acceptable schemes are operable .

In all parts of the world this is a task which is likely to prove a formidable and exciting challenge to the educational administrator in the years ahead `` ( Hughes et al .
in all parts of the world this is a task which is likely to prove a formidable and exciting challenge to the educational [manager/person in charge] in the years ahead `` ( hughes et al .

branch librarian , local District Office administrator to confirm the details , check if display boards etc are available and thank for their cooperation .
branch librarian , local district office [manager/person in charge] to confirm the details , check if display boards etc are available and thank for their cooperation .

Reports of the Cabinet 's first meeting revealed that Mikhail Shkabardnya , hitherto Chief Administrator of the Council of Ministers , was continuing in that capacity in the new Cabinet .
reports of the cabinet 's first meeting revealed that mikhail shkabardnya , hitherto chief [manager/person in charge] of the council of ministers , was continuing in that capacity in the new cabinet .

Administrator : Khurshid Alam Khan
[manager/person in charge] : khurshid alam khan

Administrator : Khurshid Alam Khan
[manager/person in charge] : khurshid alam khan

All executive and administrative authority is vested in an appointed Administrator , who is responsible to New Zealand 's Minister of Foreign Affairs .
all executive and administrative authority is vested in an appointed [manager/person in charge] , who is responsible to new zealand 's minister of foreign affairs .

The Council assists the Chief Administrator who is appointed by the French government .
the council assists the chief [manager/person in charge] who is appointed by the french government .

Each is administered by an appointed High Commissioner or Chief Administrator and each ( apart from the Southern and Antarctic Territories which are governed by special statute ) has a directly elected Territorial Assembly or Congress .
each is administered by an appointed high commissioner or chief [manager/person in charge] and each ( apart from the southern and antarctic territories which are governed by special statute ) has a directly elected territorial assembly or congress .

The political scene was transformed in February and March , when the National Conference of Active Forces of the Nation , a policy-making national conference convened to approve certain reforms , proclaimed itself a sovereign body , suspended the Constitution and all existing state institutions , and appointed Nicéphore Soglo , a former World Bank administrator , to form an interim government [ see pp .
the political scene was transformed in february and march , when the national conference of active forces of the nation , a policy-making national conference convened to approve certain reforms , proclaimed itself a sovereign body , suspended the constitution and all existing state institutions , and appointed nicéphore soglo , a former world bank [manager/person in charge] , to form an interim government [ see pp .

In the 1968 ( Ministry of Health 1968 ) proposals , the boards were envisaged as operating as small executive management teams , with the senior administrator acting as managing director and with far less professional and medical input into decision-making .
in the 1968 ( ministry of health 1968 ) proposals , the boards were envisaged as operating as small executive management teams , with the senior [manager/person in charge] acting as managing director and with far less professional and medical input into decision-making .

Each team included a treasurer , administrator , community physician and nurse .
each team included a treasurer , [manager/person in charge] , community physician and nurse .

( 7 ) In the event that a Member dies or in the event that the name of a Member is struck off or removed from the roll or his practising certificate is suspended or expires without being renewed or where a Member is a registered foreign lawyer his name is struck off the register of foreign lawyers or his registration is suspended or cancelled or ( where a Member is a Recognised Body ) its recognition is revoked or expires , the Directors may require the Member or , as the case may be , his legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , administrator or administrative receiver to give a Transfer Notice in respect of all the Shares then registered in the name of the Member or deceased member .
( 7 ) in the event that a member dies or in the event that the name of a member is struck off or removed from the roll or his practising certificate is suspended or expires without being renewed or where a member is a registered foreign lawyer his name is struck off the register of foreign lawyers or his registration is suspended or cancelled or ( where a member is a recognised body ) its recognition is revoked or expires , the directors may require the member or , as the case may be , his legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , [manager/person in charge] or administrative receiver to give a transfer notice in respect of all the shares then registered in the name of the member or deceased member .

( 9 ) For the purpose of ensuring that a transfer of Shares is duly authorised hereunder or that no circumstances have arisen whereby the Directors are empowered to require that a Transfer Notice be given or to resolve that a Transfer Notice be deemed to have been given the Directors may from time to time require any Member or past Member or the legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , administrator or administrative receiver of any Member or any person named as transferee in any instrument of transfer lodged for registration to furnish to the Company such information and evidence as the Directors may think fit regarding any matter which they may deem relevant to such purpose .
( 9 ) for the purpose of ensuring that a transfer of shares is duly authorised hereunder or that no circumstances have arisen whereby the directors are empowered to require that a transfer notice be given or to resolve that a transfer notice be deemed to have been given the directors may from time to time require any member or past member or the legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , [manager/person in charge] or administrative receiver of any member or any person named as transferee in any instrument of transfer lodged for registration to furnish to the company such information and evidence as the directors may think fit regarding any matter which they may deem relevant to such purpose .

( 7 ) In the event that a Member dies or in the event that the name of a Member is struck off or removed from the roll or his practising certificate is suspended or expires without being renewed or where a Member is a registered foreign lawyer his name is struck off the register of foreign lawyers or his registration is suspended or cancelled or ( where a Member is a Recognised Body ) its recognition is revoked or expires , the Directors may require the Member or , as the case may be , his legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , administrator or administrative receiver to give a Transfer Notice in respect of all the Shares then registered in the name of the Member or deceased member .
( 7 ) in the event that a member dies or in the event that the name of a member is struck off or removed from the roll or his practising certificate is suspended or expires without being renewed or where a member is a registered foreign lawyer his name is struck off the register of foreign lawyers or his registration is suspended or cancelled or ( where a member is a recognised body ) its recognition is revoked or expires , the directors may require the member or , as the case may be , his legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , [manager/person in charge] or administrative receiver to give a transfer notice in respect of all the shares then registered in the name of the member or deceased member .

( 9 ) For the purpose of ensuring that a transfer of Shares is duly authorised hereunder or that no circumstances have arisen whereby the Directors are empowered to require that a Transfer Notice be given or to resolve that a Transfer Notice be deemed to have been given the Directors may from time to time require any Member or past Member or the legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , administrator or administrative receiver of any Member or any person named as transferee in any instrument of transfer lodged for registration to furnish to the Company such information and evidence as the Directors may think fit regarding any matter which they may deem relevant to such purpose .
( 9 ) for the purpose of ensuring that a transfer of shares is duly authorised hereunder or that no circumstances have arisen whereby the directors are empowered to require that a transfer notice be given or to resolve that a transfer notice be deemed to have been given the directors may from time to time require any member or past member or the legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , [manager/person in charge] or administrative receiver of any member or any person named as transferee in any instrument of transfer lodged for registration to furnish to the company such information and evidence as the directors may think fit regarding any matter which they may deem relevant to such purpose .

When judges perform this essential constitutional role , their task is not to usurp the administrator 's functions , nor to stultify good government by imposing legalistic requirements upon him .
when judges perform this essential constitutional role , their task is not to usurp the [manager/person in charge] 's functions , nor to stultify good government by imposing legalistic requirements upon him .

The court 's job is to ensure that the administrator has acted within the rule of law , and has not infringed civil rights and freedoms .
the court 's job is to ensure that the [manager/person in charge] has acted within the rule of law , and has not infringed civil rights and freedoms .

It was a world in which clerical power and the military power of the local representatives of secular rulers eclipsed the civilian administrator .
it was a world in which clerical power and the military power of the local representatives of secular rulers eclipsed the civilian [manager/person in charge] .

After thirty years as an administrator in the National Health Service and an adviser on policing , Miss James was enlisted for service in the corps of commissionaires of British public life .
after thirty years as an [manager/person in charge] in the national health service and an adviser on policing , miss james was enlisted for service in the corps of commissionaires of british public life .

Michael Lyons , duty administrator at Guy 's , said Sara 's operation had been encouraging .
michael lyons , duty [manager/person in charge] at guy 's , said sara 's operation had been encouraging .

John Talbot of Arthur Andersen , administrator to Robert Maxwell Group , Bishopsgate Investment Trust and London & Bishopsgate Group , has written to Mr Maxwell asking him to explain the payment of almost £140m from those companies to American investment bank Goldman Sachs .
john talbot of arthur andersen , [manager/person in charge] to robert maxwell group , bishopsgate investment trust and london & bishopsgate group , has written to mr maxwell asking him to explain the payment of almost £140m from those companies to american investment bank goldman sachs .

Father Roy Fellows , administrator of the shrine , said rationing was necessary to conserve supplies .
father roy fellows , [manager/person in charge] of the shrine , said rationing was necessary to conserve supplies .

Mr Michael Lyons , duty administrator at Guy 's , said they looked as if they had ‘ gone a couple of rounds with Frank Bruno ’ .
mr michael lyons , duty [manager/person in charge] at guy 's , said they looked as if they had ‘ gone a couple of rounds with frank bruno ’ .

The Oxford-educated daughter of a Norfolk farmer , she began her career as a local authority education officer and inspector of schools , married a headmaster she met on site — he is now an education administrator — moved on through the ranks of Norfolk County Council and chaired Norwich Health Authority .
the oxford-educated daughter of a norfolk farmer , she began her career as a local authority education officer and inspector of schools , married a headmaster she met on site — he is now an education [manager/person in charge] — moved on through the ranks of norfolk county council and chaired norwich health authority .

This statute originated the office of administrator .
this statute originated the office of [manager/person in charge] .

The administrator is the person who , in the absence of an executor , must deal with the deceased 's property , pay his debts , and make a proper division among those entitled .
the [manager/person in charge] is the person who , in the absence of an executor , must deal with the deceased 's property , pay his debts , and make a proper division among those entitled .

It is true that the Ecclesiastical Court is not the only one which deals with the goods of dead men ; the executor or administrator may have to sue in the Common Law Courts to recover the claims or property of the deceased , and the deceased 's creditors can sue him there .
it is true that the ecclesiastical court is not the only one which deals with the goods of dead men ; the executor or [manager/person in charge] may have to sue in the common law courts to recover the claims or property of the deceased , and the deceased 's creditors can sue him there .

That court tells the executor or administrator what to do , or takes the whole estate under its charge and distributes it .
that court tells the executor or [manager/person in charge] what to do , or takes the whole estate under its charge and distributes it .

Without probate of the will or letters of administration , neither executor nor administrator can take any steps in any other court of law , for the executor 's proof of his title , and the administrator 's title itself , can only be given by the Ecclesiastical Court .
without probate of the will or letters of administration , neither executor nor [manager/person in charge] can take any steps in any other court of law , for the executor 's proof of his title , and the [manager/person in charge] 's title itself , can only be given by the ecclesiastical court .

When property passes on death , it will go in the first instance to the executor appointed by will , or the administrator appointed by the court , who are charged with the duty of dealing with it and transferring it to the persons entitled ( see p. 114 ) .
when property passes on death , it will go in the first instance to the executor appointed by will , or the [manager/person in charge] appointed by the court , who are charged with the duty of dealing with it and transferring it to the persons entitled ( see p. 114 ) .

It vests in the first instance in ‘ personal representatives ’ , namely the executor appointed by the will , or where there is no will or no executor appointed under the will , in the administrator — usually a person interested in the property — appointed by the court .
it vests in the first instance in ‘ personal representatives ’ , namely the executor appointed by the will , or where there is no will or no executor appointed under the will , in the [manager/person in charge] — usually a person interested in the property — appointed by the court .

The public Trustee may be appointed as executor or administrator ( but see pp .
the public trustee may be appointed as executor or [manager/person in charge] ( but see pp .

He was replaced by the able , but less flamboyant , Harold Watkinson , who was a sound administrator and ideally suited to the task of restoring Britain 's military balance .
he was replaced by the able , but less flamboyant , harold watkinson , who was a sound [manager/person in charge] and ideally suited to the task of restoring britain 's military balance .

The cast of this production would play a major role in the MainMan organization set up by Tony DeFries to handle David 's career : Cherry Vanilla would become Press Agent , Jamie Andrews an Administrator , Tony Zanetta David 's Personal Assistant and Leee Black Childers the MainMan Staff Photographer .
the cast of this production would play a major role in the mainman organization set up by tony defries to handle david 's career : cherry vanilla would become press agent , jamie andrews an [manager/person in charge] , tony zanetta david 's personal assistant and leee black childers the mainman staff photographer .

The martial-law administrator , Crown Prince Saad , says that nobody will be expelled unless he or she is known to have collaborated with the Iraqis .
the martial-law [manager/person in charge] , crown prince saad , says that nobody will be expelled unless he or she is known to have collaborated with the iraqis .

Mrs Smith is administrator of Geoffrey 's estate .
mrs smith is [manager/person in charge] of geoffrey 's estate .

The second version was lost at sea in about 1788 , so Christie 's Cockfight must be a third rendering — repainted , once Zoffany was back in England after 1788/89 , for Warren Hastings , the East India Company administrator in Bengal — bearing out the later inscription ‘ Cock fight at Lucknow painted by Zoffany ( circa 1790 ) ’ on the bottom of the painting .
the second version was lost at sea in about 1788 , so christie 's cockfight must be a third rendering — repainted , once zoffany was back in england after 1788/89 , for warren hastings , the east india company [manager/person in charge] in bengal — bearing out the later inscription ‘ cock fight at lucknow painted by zoffany ( circa 1790 ) ’ on the bottom of the painting .

The full implication of this approach will be discussed below but in the education system this has led to leadership being confused with technical competence ( the headteacher as leading professional ) or with implementation ( the headteacher as administrator ) .
the full implication of this approach will be discussed below but in the education system this has led to leadership being confused with technical competence ( the headteacher as leading professional ) or with implementation ( the headteacher as [manager/person in charge] ) .

Administrator : carrying out routine procedures .
[manager/person in charge] : carrying out routine procedures .

’ David Clarke , the League administrator , added : ‘ The Association is being inflexible and unhelpful .
’ david clarke , the league [manager/person in charge] , added : ‘ the association is being inflexible and unhelpful .

Richard Clifton , chief administrator of the executive 's medical division , said the voluntary arrangements had worked well , but ‘ voluntary arrangements are not enough .
richard clifton , chief [manager/person in charge] of the executive 's medical division , said the voluntary arrangements had worked well , but ‘ voluntary arrangements are not enough .

The Metropolitan Museum in New York , for example , proudly owned an early Greek bronze horse , which a sharp-eyed administrator on the staff noticed one day had a ridge .
the metropolitan museum in new york , for example , proudly owned an early greek bronze horse , which a sharp-eyed [manager/person in charge] on the staff noticed one day had a ridge .

Joseph Noble , the observant administrator , announced to an audience of eight hundred , ‘ It 's famous , but it 's a fraud .
joseph noble , the observant [manager/person in charge] , announced to an audience of eight hundred , ‘ it 's famous , but it 's a fraud .

He recalled as almost yesterday the advertisement in The Times for an experienced administrator to join a new security organization .
he recalled as almost yesterday the advertisement in the times for an experienced [manager/person in charge] to join a new security organization .

One of the implications of the argument , which there is not space to develop here , is the suggestive qualification which is offered to that familiar figure of cinematic theory , the Symbolic Father — Nom du Père , figure of the Law , administrator of knowledge and prohibition — by the determining centrality for television of the concepts of flow and nourishment and their symbolic association with the providing , mediating Mother .
one of the implications of the argument , which there is not space to develop here , is the suggestive qualification which is offered to that familiar figure of cinematic theory , the symbolic father — nom du père , figure of the law , [manager/person in charge] of knowledge and prohibition — by the determining centrality for television of the concepts of flow and nourishment and their symbolic association with the providing , mediating mother .

Mr Simon Montgomery , administrator of the Brighton Unemployment Centre , which obtained a copy of the review , said yesterday : ‘ We are establishing a new category of people who may have to be outside the welfare net — people with mental health problems who form part of the new underclass . ’
mr simon montgomery , [manager/person in charge] of the brighton unemployment centre , which obtained a copy of the review , said yesterday : ‘ we are establishing a new category of people who may have to be outside the welfare net — people with mental health problems who form part of the new underclass . ’

Now that Gen Noriega is gone , senate approval of the administrator is likely to be much less of a problem .
now that gen noriega is gone , senate approval of the [manager/person in charge] is likely to be much less of a problem .

If the students of Lincoln were right in thinking that he was not a good administrator , this church had less administration than any church in the land .
if the students of lincoln were right in thinking that he was not a good [manager/person in charge] , this church had less administration than any church in the land .

He knew that his gifts were those of a scholar rather than an administrator .
he knew that his gifts were those of a scholar rather than an [manager/person in charge] .

The London diocese was vast , difficult , rent with controversy , dotted with rebel or eccentric clergymen comic and uncomic , and needing a dedicated administrator whose time would be loaded .
the london diocese was vast , difficult , rent with controversy , dotted with rebel or eccentric clergymen comic and uncomic , and needing a dedicated [manager/person in charge] whose time would be loaded .

The Bishop of Peterborough , Stopford , was an excellent administrator .
the bishop of peterborough , stopford , was an excellent [manager/person in charge] .

The kind of clergyman with whom Macmillan felt kinship was a person of spirituality and otherworldliness , not the person who was a born administrator or Church politician .
the kind of clergyman with whom macmillan felt kinship was a person of spirituality and otherworldliness , not the person who was a born [manager/person in charge] or church politician .

That Fisher said that Ramsey was too Catholic would not disturb Macmillan ; and that Fisher said Ramsey was not an administrator would leave Macmillan unmoved .
that fisher said that ramsey was too catholic would not disturb macmillan ; and that fisher said ramsey was not an [manager/person in charge] would leave macmillan unmoved .

First Leisure Gift at Blackpool Chief of the Air Staff , Air Chief Marshal Sir Peter Harding , handing the keys of the coach to John Ray , Administrator at Sussexdown .
first leisure gift at blackpool chief of the air staff , air chief marshal sir peter harding , handing the keys of the coach to john ray , [manager/person in charge] at sussexdown .

Machinery Group provides : an administrator , usually part-time , to arrange all contract work and look after finances ; a small group of drivers/operators to carry out contract work and also to cover for sickness of a group member .
machinery group provides : an [manager/person in charge] , usually part-time , to arrange all contract work and look after finances ; a small group of drivers/operators to carry out contract work and also to cover for sickness of a group member .

Contract Procedure and Payments : the farmer wishing to have contract work carried out normally gave 4–5 days ' notice ; the administrator located a suitable machine not being used by its owner on the required date , and the operator collected the machine and carried out the work ; the farmer paid the group the agreed rate per acre for the work done ; the group paid the owner of the machine the agreed rate for the hire of the machine ; the operator was paid for the hours worked .
contract procedure and payments : the farmer wishing to have contract work carried out normally gave 4–5 days ' notice ; the [manager/person in charge] located a suitable machine not being used by its owner on the required date , and the operator collected the machine and carried out the work ; the farmer paid the group the agreed rate per acre for the work done ; the group paid the owner of the machine the agreed rate for the hire of the machine ; the operator was paid for the hours worked .

Lord Wilson is a fine sinologist and diplomat and a strong administrator .
lord wilson is a fine sinologist and diplomat and a strong [manager/person in charge] .

As a diplomat and administrator he really belonged to the Imperialist age before the discovery of oil and could be rather paternalistic in his attitudes .
as a diplomat and [manager/person in charge] he really belonged to the imperialist age before the discovery of oil and could be rather paternalistic in his attitudes .

Never again will they imagine that to be an administrator is to be superior to being a cleaner .
never again will they imagine that to be an [manager/person in charge] is to be superior to being a cleaner .

Never again will they be sentimental and imagine that being a cleaner is superior to being an administrator .
never again will they be sentimental and imagine that being a cleaner is superior to being an [manager/person in charge] .

Effective : In an attempt to make distribution more controllable and easier , for the administrator rather than the user , it is common for the number of products distributed to be restricted .
effective : in an attempt to make distribution more controllable and easier , for the [manager/person in charge] rather than the user , it is common for the number of products distributed to be restricted .

An analysis of Indian administrators ( Wood 1976 ) shows how the liberal democratic ideal of the disinterested administrator carrying out the orders of his political masters , left him , in independent India , with relatively low-status and low-income compared to those in commerce or business .
an analysis of indian administrators ( wood 1976 ) shows how the liberal democratic ideal of the disinterested [manager/person in charge] carrying out the orders of his political masters , left him , in independent india , with relatively low-status and low-income compared to those in commerce or business .

This created a tendency for the administrator to facilitate the flow of benefits which the state frequently confers upon private enterprise to private businessmen for a return , and , indeed , involve himself in a variety of legal and illegal activities for which the post of senior government servant is advantageous .
this created a tendency for the [manager/person in charge] to facilitate the flow of benefits which the state frequently confers upon private enterprise to private businessmen for a return , and , indeed , involve himself in a variety of legal and illegal activities for which the post of senior government servant is advantageous .

His first love was association football and he was highly regarded within that game both as a player and an administrator .
his first love was association football and he was highly regarded within that game both as a player and an [manager/person in charge] .

He remained with the Casuals as an administrator , successively secretary , chairman and a vice-president , and during this time did much to foster the club 's strong involvement with schools ' soccer .
he remained with the casuals as an [manager/person in charge] , successively secretary , chairman and a vice-president , and during this time did much to foster the club 's strong involvement with schools ' soccer .

Robin Prentice , who died during the winter , became the Scottish Cricket Union 's Administrator in 1982 , retiring in 1990 and had a long association with the game in Scotland and as a wicket-keeper batsman with Uddingston in the Western Union .
robin prentice , who died during the winter , became the scottish cricket union 's [manager/person in charge] in 1982 , retiring in 1990 and had a long association with the game in scotland and as a wicket-keeper batsman with uddingston in the western union .

It was as an administrator that he gave immense service .
it was as an [manager/person in charge] that he gave immense service .

Lord Hanley , a bluff , no-nonsense administrator who had learned his trade as governor of the Punjab , was appointed chairman .
lord hanley , a bluff , no-nonsense [manager/person in charge] who had learned his trade as governor of the punjab , was appointed chairman .

The underlying shifts which Hoggett identifies make it easier to view the local authority as a ‘ manager ’ of service delivery rather than its actual administrator .
the underlying shifts which hoggett identifies make it easier to view the local authority as a ‘ manager ’ of service delivery rather than its actual [manager/person in charge] .

The first reason for McElroy 's unease is that President Reagan has just told him to prepare a brief for doing away with his own job — and that of most of the other 1100 people on the administrator 's staff .
the first reason for mcelroy 's unease is that president reagan has just told him to prepare a brief for doing away with his own job — and that of most of the other 1100 people on the [manager/person in charge] 's staff .

The administrator , Tilahu Walle , says they are the lucky ones of the 200 000 people in the area who need assistance .
the [manager/person in charge] , tilahu walle , says they are the lucky ones of the 200 000 people in the area who need assistance .

There are enough of them to gang up on him and dominate him , even though he remains the group ‘ administrator ’ .
there are enough of them to gang up on him and dominate him , even though he remains the group ‘ [manager/person in charge] ’ .

Because of the odd separations we make between qualitative and quantitative aspects of planning , enrolments tend to be regarded as the purview of the educational administrator .
because of the odd separations we make between qualitative and quantitative aspects of planning , enrolments tend to be regarded as the purview of the educational [manager/person in charge] .

In Education for Self-Reliance , Nyerere has written : ‘ We should not determine the type of things children are taught in primary schools by the things a doctor , engineer , teacher , economist or administrator needs to l–now .
in education for self-reliance , nyerere has written : ‘ we should not determine the type of things children are taught in primary schools by the things a doctor , engineer , teacher , economist or [manager/person in charge] needs to l–now .

Actually he 's what they call an Administrator .
actually he 's what they call an [manager/person in charge] .

He is reputed to have been an able administrator with a keen mind for commerce .
he is reputed to have been an able [manager/person in charge] with a keen mind for commerce .

The duties of the post are difficult to define but could be described as Keeper of the King 's household , Administrator of the Royal Affairs , and Keeper of the Privy Purse .
the duties of the post are difficult to define but could be described as keeper of the king 's household , [manager/person in charge] of the royal affairs , and keeper of the privy purse .

And the bruising in-fighting between Henry Park 's medics and the formidable hospital administrator matches anything that takes place in the operating theatre .
and the bruising in-fighting between henry park 's medics and the formidable hospital [manager/person in charge] matches anything that takes place in the operating theatre .

She intends to keep working in her job as an insurance administrator and be back in action helping run the Holme Pierrepont Rodeo in June .
she intends to keep working in her job as an insurance [manager/person in charge] and be back in action helping run the holme pierrepont rodeo in june .

Currency exchange negotiations for everyone on the ‘ open ’ market were conducted between the team 's administrator , John Brown , and the hotel 's elderly porter in a lift that went constantly up and down to the top floor until they were concluded .
currency exchange negotiations for everyone on the ‘ open ’ market were conducted between the team 's [manager/person in charge] , john brown , and the hotel 's elderly porter in a lift that went constantly up and down to the top floor until they were concluded .

To join the Friends , please contact the Friends Administrator ( see Booking Information )
to join the friends , please contact the friends [manager/person in charge] ( see booking information )

Contact Administrator .
contact [manager/person in charge] .

Full details of all events from the Administrator
full details of all events from the [manager/person in charge]

However , up to the time of his partnership agreement with Scott , he had only completed approximately ten buildings , and was perhaps better known as a writer and administrator .
however , up to the time of his partnership agreement with scott , he had only completed approximately ten buildings , and was perhaps better known as a writer and [manager/person in charge] .

Our purpose was to discuss a new linked experimental and theoretical approach to the origin-of-life problem with NASA Administrator Dan Golden and his colleague , Dr. Wesley Huntress .
our purpose was to discuss a new linked experimental and theoretical approach to the origin-of-life problem with nasa [manager/person in charge] dan golden and his colleague , dr. wesley huntress .

When France fell in World War II , the FWI ’ s administrator , Admiral Georges Robert , decreed allegiance to the Vichy regime , although most of the islanders were against the move .
when france fell in world war ii , the fwi ’ s [manager/person in charge] , admiral georges robert , decreed allegiance to the vichy regime , although most of the islanders were against the move .

In 1805 , a dashing EIC administrator , Thomas Stamford Bingley Raffles , came out to Penang at the age of 24 .
in 1805 , a dashing eic [manager/person in charge] , thomas stamford bingley raffles , came out to penang at the age of 24 .

More reserved and remote but a better administrator and financier than his uncle , Charles Brooke imposed on his men his own austere , efficient style of life .
more reserved and remote but a better [manager/person in charge] and financier than his uncle , charles brooke imposed on his men his own austere , efficient style of life .

Britain ’ s administrator , Stamford Raffles , who was named Lieutenant Governor , even visited Bali , and may have had it in mind to build a trading station here .
britain ’ s [manager/person in charge] , stamford raffles , who was named lieutenant governor , even visited bali , and may have had it in mind to build a trading station here .

Largest of all is the Humble Administrator ’ s Garden ( Zhuozhengyuan ) , built by a Ming Dynasty mandarin not otherwise remembered for humility .
largest of all is the humble [manager/person in charge] ’ s garden ( zhuozhengyuan ) , built by a ming dynasty mandarin not otherwise remembered for humility .

The cuts have meant staff reductions in Indiana Legal Services ' Indianapolis office , eliminating one attorney , two paralegals and one administrator , Mathews said .
the cuts have meant staff reductions in indiana legal services ' indianapolis office , eliminating one attorney , two paralegals and one [manager/person in charge] , mathews said .

Nearly 70 percent of Vermonters are divorced without an attorney , according to statistics from the Court Administrator 's Office .
nearly 70 percent of vermonters are divorced without an attorney , according to statistics from the court [manager/person in charge] 's office .

At CUNY , law school administrator Sue Bryant was thinking along the same lines .
at cuny , law school [manager/person in charge] sue bryant was thinking along the same lines .

FHWA requires its senior executives to set critical and noncritical performance objectives that are tailored to their responsibilities within their respective offices and aligned with the FHWA Administrator 's performance agreement with the Secretary of Transportation .
fhwa requires its senior executives to set critical and noncritical performance objectives that are tailored to their responsibilities within their respective offices and aligned with the fhwa [manager/person in charge] 's performance agreement with the secretary of transportation .

The official responsible for GAO 's 1Authority to prescribe fuel economy standards under section 32902 has been delegated by the Secretary to the Administrator of NHTSA .
the official responsible for gao 's 1authority to prescribe fuel economy standards under section 32902 has been delegated by the secretary to the [manager/person in charge] of nhtsa .

For example , we have reported on FAA 's implementation of management reforms , including delegating authorities to teams , to improve its rulemaking processes.5 In our July 2001 report on aviation rulemaking we recommended , among other things , that the FAA Administrator take steps to ( 1 ) empower team members by giving them the authority to coordinate with the associate administrators ( which would eliminate a separate review and approval step ) , ( 2 ) empower team 3 Performance and Accountability Series-Major Management Challenges and Program Risks : A Governmentwide Perspective ( GAO-01-241 , Jan. 2001 ) .
for example , we have reported on faa 's implementation of management reforms , including delegating authorities to teams , to improve its rulemaking processes.5 in our july 2001 report on aviation rulemaking we recommended , among other things , that the faa [manager/person in charge] take steps to ( 1 ) empower team members by giving them the authority to coordinate with the associate administrators ( which would eliminate a separate review and approval step ) , ( 2 ) empower team 3 performance and accountability series-major management challenges and program risks : a governmentwide perspective ( gao-01-241 , jan. 2001 ) .

We provided drafts of this report in August 2001 to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs , the Secretary of Transportation , the Commissioner of Internal Revenue , the Director of the Office of Personnel Management , and the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency , or their designees , for their review .
we provided drafts of this report in august 2001 to the secretary of veterans affairs , the secretary of transportation , the commissioner of internal revenue , the director of the office of personnel management , and the [manager/person in charge] of the federal emergency management agency , or their designees , for their review .

We will also send copies to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs , the Secretary of Transportation , the Commissioner of Internal Revenue , the Director of the Office of Personnel Management , and the Administrator of FEMA .
we will also send copies to the secretary of veterans affairs , the secretary of transportation , the commissioner of internal revenue , the director of the office of personnel management , and the [manager/person in charge] of fema .

The university had recently developed more explicit policies on system administrator responsibilities in recognition of the critical role of system administration in a distributed environment .
the university had recently developed more explicit policies on system [manager/person in charge] responsibilities in recognition of the critical role of system administration in a distributed environment .

For example , the Secretaries of Energy and Interior and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency , have provided us with information concerning who they met with to develop the National Energy Policy , when the meetings occurred , where they occurred , and what the general topics were .
for example , the secretaries of energy and interior and the [manager/person in charge] of the environmental protection agency , have provided us with information concerning who they met with to develop the national energy policy , when the meetings occurred , where they occurred , and what the general topics were .

L. 101-549 ) provided that the Administrator of EPA shall promulgate a rule establishing specifications for detergent additives to implement the requirement , also contained in section 211 ( l ) , that , effective January 1 , 1995 , no gasoline may be sold or dispensed which does not contain additives to prevent the accumulation of deposits in engines or fuel systems .
l. 101-549 ) provided that the [manager/person in charge] of epa shall promulgate a rule establishing specifications for detergent additives to implement the requirement , also contained in section 211 ( l ) , that , effective january 1 , 1995 , no gasoline may be sold or dispensed which does not contain additives to prevent the accumulation of deposits in engines or fuel systems .

Robert P. Murphy General Counsel Enclosure cc : Terry L. Medley Administrator Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service Department of Agriculture Page 2 GAO/OGC-97-43 ENCLOSURE ANALYSIS UNDER 5 U.S.C .
robert p. murphy general counsel enclosure cc : terry l. medley [manager/person in charge] animal and plant health inspection service department of agriculture page 2 gao/ogc-97-43 enclosure analysis under 5 u.s.c .

Based on those findings , the Administrator has determined that an environmental impact statement need not be prepared .
based on those findings , the [manager/person in charge] has determined that an environmental impact statement need not be prepared .

Robert P. Murphy General Counsel Enclosure cc : Terry L. Medley Administrator Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service Department of Agriculture Page 2 GAO/OGC-97-52 ENCLOSURE ANALYSIS UNDER 5 U.S.C .
robert p. murphy general counsel enclosure cc : terry l. medley [manager/person in charge] animal and plant health inspection service department of agriculture page 2 gao/ogc-97-52 enclosure analysis under 5 u.s.c .

Based on those Page 3 GAO/OGC-97-52 findings , the Administrator has determined that an environmental impact statement need not be prepared .
based on those page 3 gao/ogc-97-52 findings , the [manager/person in charge] has determined that an environmental impact statement need not be prepared .

The university had recently developed more explicit policies on system administrator responsibilities in recognition of the critical role of system administration in a distributed environment .
the university had recently developed more explicit policies on system [manager/person in charge] responsibilities in recognition of the critical role of system administration in a distributed environment .

Robert P. Murphy General Counsel Enclosure cc : Michael R. Taylor Administrator Food Safety and Inspection Service Page 2 GAO/OGC-96-31 ENCLOSURE ANALYSIS UNDER 5 U.S.C .
robert p. murphy general counsel enclosure cc : michael r. taylor [manager/person in charge] food safety and inspection service page 2 gao/ogc-96-31 enclosure analysis under 5 u.s.c .

Through the contacts made at one of the information-sharing organizations , the system administrator was able to contact the Internet service provider and stop the intrusion .
through the contacts made at one of the information-sharing organizations , the system [manager/person in charge] was able to contact the internet service provider and stop the intrusion .

We are also sending copies to the heads of the lead agencies , including the Secretaries of Commerce , Defense , Energy , Health and Human Services , State , Transportation , and the Treasury and the U.S. Attorney General ; the Administrator , Environmental Protection Agency ; the Director , Federal Emergency Management Agency ; the Director , Federal Bureau of Investigation ; the Director of Central Intelligence ; the Assistant to the President for Science and Technology ; the Director , Critical Infrastructure Assurance Office ; the Director , National Infrastructure Protection Center ; the organizations that participated in our study ; and other interested parties .
we are also sending copies to the heads of the lead agencies , including the secretaries of commerce , defense , energy , health and human services , state , transportation , and the treasury and the u.s. attorney general ; the [manager/person in charge] , environmental protection agency ; the director , federal emergency management agency ; the director , federal bureau of investigation ; the director of central intelligence ; the assistant to the president for science and technology ; the director , critical infrastructure assurance office ; the director , national infrastructure protection center ; the organizations that participated in our study ; and other interested parties .

We will also provide copies to the Honorable Jacob J. Lew , Director , OMB ; the Honorable Dan Glickman , Secretary of Agriculture ; the Honorable Donna E. Shalala , Secretary of Health and Human Services ; the Honorable Alexis M. Herman , Secretary of Labor ; the Honorable Rodney E. Slater , Secretary of Transportation ; and the Honorable Carol M. Browner , Administrator , EPA .
we will also provide copies to the honorable jacob j. lew , director , omb ; the honorable dan glickman , secretary of agriculture ; the honorable donna e. shalala , secretary of health and human services ; the honorable alexis m. herman , secretary of labor ; the honorable rodney e. slater , secretary of transportation ; and the honorable carol m. browner , [manager/person in charge] , epa .

The OTC consists of the Governor ( or GAO/OGC-97-45 designee ) of each state in the Ozone Transport Region ( OTR ) ,1 the EPA Administrator ( or designee ) , the Regional EPA Administrator ( or designee ) , and an air pollution control official representing each state .
the otc consists of the governor ( or gao/ogc-97-45 designee ) of each state in the ozone transport region ( otr ) ,1 the epa [manager/person in charge] ( or designee ) , the regional epa [manager/person in charge] ( or designee ) , and an air pollution control official representing each state .

Agency CM : The owner holds all individual construction contracts , and the CM functions as the construction contract administrator , acting on behalf of the owner and rendering an account of activities .
agency cm : the owner holds all individual construction contracts , and the cm functions as the construction contract [manager/person in charge] , acting on behalf of the owner and rendering an account of activities .

The statute directed the Administrator of GSA to issue guidelines to ensure that agencies promote , encourage , and facilitate the use of frequent traveler programs offered by airlines , hotels , and car rental vendors by federal employees who engage in official travel.3 This act specifically provides that any awards granted under such a frequent traveler program accrued through official travel shall be used only for official travel.4 GSA has incorporated these policies into the Federal Property Management Regulations5 and the Federal Travel Regulation,6 applicable to most federal civilian employees .
the statute directed the [manager/person in charge] of gsa to issue guidelines to ensure that agencies promote , encourage , and facilitate the use of frequent traveler programs offered by airlines , hotels , and car rental vendors by federal employees who engage in official travel.3 this act specifically provides that any awards granted under such a frequent traveler program accrued through official travel shall be used only for official travel.4 gsa has incorporated these policies into the federal property management regulations5 and the federal travel regulation,6 applicable to most federal civilian employees .

The Administrator of the General Services Administration would be expected to prescribe regulations under existing authority in 5 U.S.C .
the [manager/person in charge] of the general services administration would be expected to prescribe regulations under existing authority in 5 u.s.c .

Section 6008 requires the Administrator of the General Services Administration to issue guidelines to ensure that agencies promote , encourage , and facilitate the use of frequent traveler programs offered by airlines , hotels , and car rental vendors by Federal employees who engage in official travel , for the purpose of realizing cost savings for official travel .
section 6008 requires the [manager/person in charge] of the general services administration to issue guidelines to ensure that agencies promote , encourage , and facilitate the use of frequent traveler programs offered by airlines , hotels , and car rental vendors by federal employees who engage in official travel , for the purpose of realizing cost savings for official travel .

Most recently , ComTech has teamed up with the Office for the Administrator of the Courts and the Coalition Against Domestic Violence to pioneer innovative interactive forms project to improve the justice system 's responsiveness to victims .
most recently , comtech has teamed up with the office for the [manager/person in charge] of the courts and the coalition against domestic violence to pioneer innovative interactive forms project to improve the justice system 's responsiveness to victims .

The request for a variance in sample holding time , directed to the USEPA Regional Administrator under 40 CFR 136.3 ( e ) , should include supportive data which show that the toxicity of the effluent sample is not reduced ( e.g. , because of volatilization and/or sorption of toxics on the sample container surfaces ) by extending the holding time beyond more than 36 h. However , in no case should more than 72 h elapse between collection and first use of the sample .
the request for a variance in sample holding time , directed to the usepa regional [manager/person in charge] under 40 cfr 136.3 ( e ) , should include supportive data which show that the toxicity of the effluent sample is not reduced ( e.g. , because of volatilization and/or sorption of toxics on the sample container surfaces ) by extending the holding time beyond more than 36 h. however , in no case should more than 72 h elapse between collection and first use of the sample .

The request for a variance in sample holding time , directed to the USEPA Regional Administrator under 40 CFR 136.3 ( e ) should include supportive data which show that the toxicity of the effluent sample is not reduced ( e.g. , because of volatilization and/or sorption of toxics on the sample container surfaces ) by extending the holding time beyond more than 36 h. However , in no case should more than 72 h elapse between collection and first use of the sample .
the request for a variance in sample holding time , directed to the usepa regional [manager/person in charge] under 40 cfr 136.3 ( e ) should include supportive data which show that the toxicity of the effluent sample is not reduced ( e.g. , because of volatilization and/or sorption of toxics on the sample container surfaces ) by extending the holding time beyond more than 36 h. however , in no case should more than 72 h elapse between collection and first use of the sample .

During the first phase , the EPA Administrator will review new scientific , technology and cost information and , if necessary , adjust the phase two targets .
during the first phase , the epa [manager/person in charge] will review new scientific , technology and cost information and , if necessary , adjust the phase two targets .

Technology Scenarios In the letter to Administrator Whitman , Senators Jeffords and Lieberman asked for an analysis of four different scenarios , requesting that EPA `` analyze the cost and benefits , including all sectors of the economy and impacts on both the supply and demand side of the equation , of the following multi-pollutant emission control scenarios for the nation 's electricity generators .
technology scenarios in the letter to [manager/person in charge] whitman , senators jeffords and lieberman asked for an analysis of four different scenarios , requesting that epa `` analyze the cost and benefits , including all sectors of the economy and impacts on both the supply and demand side of the equation , of the following multi-pollutant emission control scenarios for the nation 's electricity generators .

Guidelines for Preparing Economic Analysis , EPA-240-R-00-003 , Office of the Administrator , Washington , DC , September 2000 .
guidelines for preparing economic analysis , epa-240-r-00-003 , office of the [manager/person in charge] , washington , dc , september 2000 .

The Administrator has already issued regulations under the existing Section 403 for sulfur dioxide allowances and must issue regulations within 24 months of enactment governing the issuance , transfer , recording , and tracking of the nitrogen oxides allowances and mercury allowances .
the [manager/person in charge] has already issued regulations under the existing section 403 for sulfur dioxide allowances and must issue regulations within 24 months of enactment governing the issuance , transfer , recording , and tracking of the nitrogen oxides allowances and mercury allowances .

In order to meet the allowance holding requirements for nitrogen oxides starting 2008 or for sulfur dioxide or mercury starting 2010 , the owner or operator of a facility may use allowances purchased in a direct sale from the Administrator at a fixed price , i.e. , $ 4,000 for a sulfur dioxide or nitrogen oxides allowance ( covering one ton ) and $ 2,187.50 for a mercury allowance ( covering one ounce ) .
in order to meet the allowance holding requirements for nitrogen oxides starting 2008 or for sulfur dioxide or mercury starting 2010 , the owner or operator of a facility may use allowances purchased in a direct sale from the [manager/person in charge] at a fixed price , i.e. , $ 4,000 for a sulfur dioxide or nitrogen oxides allowance ( covering one ton ) and $ 2,187.50 for a mercury allowance ( covering one ounce ) .

For the direct sales , the Administrator will use allowances from future auctions .
for the direct sales , the [manager/person in charge] will use allowances from future auctions .

If this results in the removal of all allowances from the relevant auction for three consecutive years , the Administrator must conduct and submit to the Congress a study to determine whether revisions to the relevant trading program are necessary .
if this results in the removal of all allowances from the relevant auction for three consecutive years , the [manager/person in charge] must conduct and submit to the congress a study to determine whether revisions to the relevant trading program are necessary .

The Administrator must specify requirements for any alternative monitoring system shown to provide information with the same precision , reliability , accessibility , and timeliness as that provided by CEMS .
the [manager/person in charge] must specify requirements for any alternative monitoring system shown to provide information with the same precision , reliability , accessibility , and timeliness as that provided by cems .

Further , the Administrator may specify an alternative monitoring system for determining mercury emissions to the extent that the Administrator determines that CEMS for mercury with appropriate vendor guarantees are not commercially available .
further , the [manager/person in charge] may specify an alternative monitoring system for determining mercury emissions to the extent that the [manager/person in charge] determines that cems for mercury with appropriate vendor guarantees are not commercially available .

Existing Section 412 is revised to provide that , consistent with the requirement of facility-level compliance in Section 403 , the Administrator will not require a separate CEMS for each unit where two or more units utilize a single stack , unless data for individual units are required under another provision of the Clean Air Act .
existing section 412 is revised to provide that , consistent with the requirement of facility-level compliance in section 403 , the [manager/person in charge] will not require a separate cems for each unit where two or more units utilize a single stack , unless data for individual units are required under another provision of the clean air act .

This section also retains the requirements in the existing Section 412 concerning the use of substitute data when emission data from a CEMS or an approved alternative monitoring system are not available during any period and the owner or operator can not provide information , satisfactory to the Administrator , on emissions during that period .
this section also retains the requirements in the existing section 412 concerning the use of substitute data when emission data from a cems or an approved alternative monitoring system are not available during any period and the owner or operator can not provide information , satisfactory to the [manager/person in charge] , on emissions during that period .

The Administrator already issued regulations implementing the existing Section 412 and must issue new regulations by January 1 , 2008 for monitoring of mercury .
the [manager/person in charge] already issued regulations implementing the existing section 412 and must issue new regulations by january 1 , 2008 for monitoring of mercury .

The Administrator will allocate to an opt-in unit an amount of allowances equal to fifty percent of : the lesser of the unit 's baseline heat input or the unit 's heat input for the year before the year for which the Administrator is determining the allocation ; multiplied by the lesser of the unit 's baseline emission rate , the unit 's 2002 emissions rate , or the unit 's most stringent State or federal emission limitation applicable to the year on which the unit 's baseline heat input is based .
the [manager/person in charge] will allocate to an opt-in unit an amount of allowances equal to fifty percent of : the lesser of the unit 's baseline heat input or the unit 's heat input for the year before the year for which the [manager/person in charge] is determining the allocation ; multiplied by the lesser of the unit 's baseline emission rate , the unit 's 2002 emissions rate , or the unit 's most stringent state or federal emission limitation applicable to the year on which the unit 's baseline heat input is based .

Auctions Section 409 requires the Administrator to issue regulations within 36 months of enactment concerning auctions of sulfur dioxide allowances , nitrogen oxide allowances , and mercury allowances .
auctions section 409 requires the [manager/person in charge] to issue regulations within 36 months of enactment concerning auctions of sulfur dioxide allowances , nitrogen oxide allowances , and mercury allowances .

The Administrator may , by delegation or contract , provide for conduct of an auction by another government agency or non-governmental agency , group , or organization .
the [manager/person in charge] may , by delegation or contract , provide for conduct of an auction by another government agency or non-governmental agency , group , or organization .

The procedures will apply if the Administrator is required to conduct an auction but has not yet issued regulations establishing procedures .
the procedures will apply if the [manager/person in charge] is required to conduct an auction but has not yet issued regulations establishing procedures .

Section 410 establishes criteria and the process by which the Administrator reviews and makes recommendations to Congress as to whether the limitations on the total amounts of allowances available starting in 2018 for sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , and mercury ( whether through allocation or auction ) should be adjusted .
section 410 establishes criteria and the process by which the [manager/person in charge] reviews and makes recommendations to congress as to whether the limitations on the total amounts of allowances available starting in 2018 for sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , and mercury ( whether through allocation or auction ) should be adjusted .

The Administrator , in consultation with the Secretary of Energy , must conduct a study that addresses a number of specific factors regarding , among other things : the need for further reductions of these pollutants from affected EGUs and other sources to attain or maintain the national ambient air quality standards ; whether adjusting any of the limitations would have benefits that would justify the costs of such adjustment ; the relative marginal cost effectiveness of the reductions from affected EGUs ; and the feasibility of attaining the limitations and any alternative limitations .
the [manager/person in charge] , in consultation with the secretary of energy , must conduct a study that addresses a number of specific factors regarding , among other things : the need for further reductions of these pollutants from affected egus and other sources to attain or maintain the national ambient air quality standards ; whether adjusting any of the limitations would have benefits that would justify the costs of such adjustment ; the relative marginal cost effectiveness of the reductions from affected egus ; and the feasibility of attaining the limitations and any alternative limitations .

The Administrator must make any recommendations to Congress no later than July 1 , 2009 and may submit separate recommendations addressing sulfur oxides , nitrogen oxides , or mercury at any time after the study and the peer review have been completed .
the [manager/person in charge] must make any recommendations to congress no later than july 1 , 2009 and may submit separate recommendations addressing sulfur oxides , nitrogen oxides , or mercury at any time after the study and the peer review have been completed .

EGU Allocations Section 424 requires the Administrator to determine individual EGU allocations , which will set on a one-time basis and therefore will remain the same each year .
egu allocations section 424 requires the [manager/person in charge] to determine individual egu allocations , which will set on a one-time basis and therefore will remain the same each year .

In determining the amount of allowances in each unit account and general account as of that deadline , the Administrator will discount allowances allocated for 2011 or later at a rate of seven percent per year to reflect the time value of allowances .
in determining the amount of allowances in each unit account and general account as of that deadline , the [manager/person in charge] will discount allowances allocated for 2011 or later at a rate of seven percent per year to reflect the time value of allowances .

However , the Administrator must still promulgate regulations determining the individual unit allocations for a given year .
however , the [manager/person in charge] must still promulgate regulations determining the individual unit allocations for a given year .

In the event that the Administrator is unable , for any reason , to promulgate allocation regulations on a timely basis , Section 424 provides a default method for distributing the allowances , without promulgation of regulations , in advance of the year for which the allowances are necessary so that owners and operators can plan for compliance .
in the event that the [manager/person in charge] is unable , for any reason , to promulgate allocation regulations on a timely basis , section 424 provides a default method for distributing the allowances , without promulgation of regulations , in advance of the year for which the allowances are necessary so that owners and operators can plan for compliance .

Under the default method , eighty percent of the total amount of sulfur dioxide allowances available for allocation each year will be allocated to Acid Rain Program units with coal as their primary or secondary fuel or residual oil as their primary fuel , listed in the Administrator 's Emissions Scorecard 2000 , Appendix B ( 2000 Data for SO2 , NOx , CO2 , Heat Input , and Other Parameters ) , Table B1 ( All 2000 Data for All Units ) .
under the default method , eighty percent of the total amount of sulfur dioxide allowances available for allocation each year will be allocated to acid rain program units with coal as their primary or secondary fuel or residual oil as their primary fuel , listed in the [manager/person in charge] 's emissions scorecard 2000 , appendix b ( 2000 data for so2 , nox , co2 , heat input , and other parameters ) , table b1 ( all 2000 data for all units ) .

Disposition of SO2 Allowances Allocated Under Subpart 1 Under Section 425 , after the Administrator allocates allowances under the new trading program , the Administrator will remove from the Allowance Tracking System accounts all sulfur dioxide allowances for the year 2010 and later that were allocated under Subpart 1 of this Part .
disposition of so2 allowances allocated under subpart 1 under section 425 , after the [manager/person in charge] allocates allowances under the new trading program , the [manager/person in charge] will remove from the allowance tracking system accounts all sulfur dioxide allowances for the year 2010 and later that were allocated under subpart 1 of this part .

The Administrator will promulgate regulations to allow use of any banked pre-2009 sulfur dioxide allowances in the new nationwide sulfur dioxide program .
the [manager/person in charge] will promulgate regulations to allow use of any banked pre-2009 sulfur dioxide allowances in the new nationwide sulfur dioxide program .

A procedure is established for submission of applications by owners and operators and approval of applications and award of allowances by the Administrator .
a procedure is established for submission of applications by owners and operators and approval of applications and award of allowances by the [manager/person in charge] .

The procedure is designed to ensure that the Administrator will approve those qualified projects that will result in the largest amount of sulfur dioxide emission reductions achieved per allowance awarded .
the procedure is designed to ensure that the [manager/person in charge] will approve those qualified projects that will result in the largest amount of sulfur dioxide emission reductions achieved per allowance awarded .

However , the WRAP States may unanimously petition the Administrator to determine that the total emissions of affected EGUs are reasonably projected to exceed 271,000 tons in 2018 or a later year and to make affected EGUs subject to the requirements of the new WRAP trading program .
however , the wrap states may unanimously petition the [manager/person in charge] to determine that the total emissions of affected egus are reasonably projected to exceed 271,000 tons in 2018 or a later year and to make affected egus subject to the requirements of the new wrap trading program .

Based on such a petition , the Administrator may by regulation make affected EGUs subject to the requirement to hold allowances starting the third year after the first year ( starting 2013 ) when the Administrator makes such a determination .
based on such a petition , the [manager/person in charge] may by regulation make affected egus subject to the requirement to hold allowances starting the third year after the first year ( starting 2013 ) when the [manager/person in charge] makes such a determination .

However , the Administrator must still promulgate regulations determining the individual unit allocations for a given year .
however , the [manager/person in charge] must still promulgate regulations determining the individual unit allocations for a given year .

In the event that the Administrator is unable , for any reason , to promulgate allocation regulations on a timely basis , Section 434 provides a default methodology analogous to that for the new nationwide sulfur dioxide trading program for distributing the allowances , without promulgation of regulations , in advance of the year for which the allowances are necessary .
in the event that the [manager/person in charge] is unable , for any reason , to promulgate allocation regulations on a timely basis , section 434 provides a default methodology analogous to that for the new nationwide sulfur dioxide trading program for distributing the allowances , without promulgation of regulations , in advance of the year for which the allowances are necessary .

Eighty percent of the total amount of allowances available for allocation for the year will be allocated based on heat input in 2000 to affected EGUs that are Acid Rain Program units with coal as their primary or secondary fuel or residual oil as their primary fuel , listed in the Administrator 's Emissions Scorecard 2000 .
eighty percent of the total amount of allowances available for allocation for the year will be allocated based on heat input in 2000 to affected egus that are acid rain program units with coal as their primary or secondary fuel or residual oil as their primary fuel , listed in the [manager/person in charge] 's emissions scorecard 2000 .

While the Allowance Tracking System for sulfur dioxide allowances was already established for the Acid Rain Program , the Administrator must , under Section 403 , establish by regulation the Allowance Tracking System for nitrogen oxides allowances .
while the allowance tracking system for sulfur dioxide allowances was already established for the acid rain program , the [manager/person in charge] must , under section 403 , establish by regulation the allowance tracking system for nitrogen oxides allowances .

Further , the Administrator must also promulgate regulations determining the individual unit allocations for a given year .
further , the [manager/person in charge] must also promulgate regulations determining the individual unit allocations for a given year .

In the event that the Administrator is unable , for any reason , to promulgate allocation regulations on a timely basis , Section 454 provides two default methods for compliance , both of which are implemented separately for the two zones .
in the event that the [manager/person in charge] is unable , for any reason , to promulgate allocation regulations on a timely basis , section 454 provides two default methods for compliance , both of which are implemented separately for the two zones .

Eighty percent of the total amount of nitrogen oxides allowances available for allocation each year will be allocated to Acid Rain Program units with coal as their primary or secondary fuel or residual oil as their primary fuel , listed in the Administrator 's Emissions Scorecard 2000 .
eighty percent of the total amount of nitrogen oxides allowances available for allocation each year will be allocated to acid rain program units with coal as their primary or secondary fuel or residual oil as their primary fuel , listed in the [manager/person in charge] 's emissions scorecard 2000 .

Termination of NOx Trading Program for Clear Skies Units Section 464 terminates the obligation of the Administrator to administer the ozone season NOx budget trading program under the NOx SIP call on January 1 , 2008 .
termination of nox trading program for clear skies units section 464 terminates the obligation of the [manager/person in charge] to administer the ozone season nox budget trading program under the nox sip call on january 1 , 2008 .

Carryforward of Pre-2008 Nitrogen Oxides Allowances Section 465 requires the Administrator to promulgate regulations allowing owners and operators to carry over , into the new nitrogen oxides trading program under Subpart 2 , any banked pre-2008 allowances under the NOx budget trading program administered by the Administrator under the NOx SIP call .
carryforward of pre-2008 nitrogen oxides allowances section 465 requires the [manager/person in charge] to promulgate regulations allowing owners and operators to carry over , into the new nitrogen oxides trading program under subpart 2 , any banked pre-2008 allowances under the nox budget trading program administered by the [manager/person in charge] under the nox sip call .

While the Allowance Tracking System for sulfur dioxide allowances was already established for the Acid Rain Program , the Administrator must , under section 403 , establish by regulation the Allowance Tracking System for mercury allowances .
while the allowance tracking system for sulfur dioxide allowances was already established for the acid rain program , the [manager/person in charge] must , under section 403 , establish by regulation the allowance tracking system for mercury allowances .

Further , the Administrator must also promulgate regulations determining the individual unit allocations for a given year .
further , the [manager/person in charge] must also promulgate regulations determining the individual unit allocations for a given year .

In the event that the Administrator is unable , for any reason , to promulgate allocation regulations on a timely basis , Section 474 provides two default methods for compliance analogous to those under the new nitrogen oxides trading program .
in the event that the [manager/person in charge] is unable , for any reason , to promulgate allocation regulations on a timely basis , section 474 provides two default methods for compliance analogous to those under the new nitrogen oxides trading program .

Under the first default , eighty percent of the total amount of mercury allowances allocated each year will be allocated to Acid Rain Program coal-fired units listed in the Administrator 's Emissions Scorecard 2000 .
under the first default , eighty percent of the total amount of mercury allowances allocated each year will be allocated to acid rain program coal-fired units listed in the [manager/person in charge] 's emissions scorecard 2000 .

The Administrator is required , at least every eight years , to review and , if appropriate revise , these performance standards to reflect the degree of emission limitation achievable through application of the best system of emission reduction which the Administrator determines has been adequately demonstrated .
the [manager/person in charge] is required , at least every eight years , to review and , if appropriate revise , these performance standards to reflect the degree of emission limitation achievable through application of the best system of emission reduction which the [manager/person in charge] determines has been adequately demonstrated .

However , such review is not required if the Administrator determines that review is not appropriate in light of readily available information on the efficacy of the standard .
however , such review is not required if the [manager/person in charge] determines that review is not appropriate in light of readily available information on the efficacy of the standard .

Transitional Areas The Clear Skies Act revises Section 107 of the Clean Air Act to authorize the Administrator to designate as transitional an area for which EPA-performed modeling demonstrates that the area will attain the 8-hour ozone or fine particles NAAQS no later than December 31 , 2015 through the controls provided under the Clear Skies Act and any other federal controls that have been promulgated .
transitional areas the clear skies act revises section 107 of the clean air act to authorize the [manager/person in charge] to designate as transitional an area for which epa-performed modeling demonstrates that the area will attain the 8-hour ozone or fine particles naaqs no later than december 31 , 2015 through the controls provided under the clear skies act and any other federal controls that have been promulgated .

Finally , if an area fails to attain the standard by December 31 , 2015 , the Administrator will be required to redesignate the area to nonattainment and the area will then be subject to the nonattainment planning requirements , including conformity and new source review .
finally , if an area fails to attain the standard by december 31 , 2015 , the [manager/person in charge] will be required to redesignate the area to nonattainment and the area will then be subject to the nonattainment planning requirements , including conformity and new source review .

In general , Section 126 authorizes downwind States or political subdivisions to petition the Administrator to find that certain upwind sources emit air pollutants in amounts that contribute significantly to the petitioner 's air pollution problems .
in general , section 126 authorizes downwind states or political subdivisions to petition the [manager/person in charge] to find that certain upwind sources emit air pollutants in amounts that contribute significantly to the petitioner 's air pollution problems .

If the Administrator grants the finding , the sources must either shut down or implement controls that the Administrator may mandate within a specified period , but no later than three years from the date of the finding .
if the [manager/person in charge] grants the finding , the sources must either shut down or implement controls that the [manager/person in charge] may mandate within a specified period , but no later than three years from the date of the finding .

The Clear Skies Act revises Section 126 to provide that if any State submits a Section 126 petition concerning emissions from an affected unit , the Administrator may not grant any finding prior to January 1 , 2009 , although the Administrator must take final action during January , 2009 on any petition submitted prior to January 1 , 2007 .
the clear skies act revises section 126 to provide that if any state submits a section 126 petition concerning emissions from an affected unit , the [manager/person in charge] may not grant any finding prior to january 1 , 2009 , although the [manager/person in charge] must take final action during january , 2009 on any petition submitted prior to january 1 , 2007 .

Further , if the Administrator grants a requested finding , then the Administrator must assure that the compliance and implementation deadlines are extended beyond December 31 , 2011 .
further , if the [manager/person in charge] grants a requested finding , then the [manager/person in charge] must assure that the compliance and implementation deadlines are extended beyond december 31 , 2011 .

The Clear Skies Act further requires that , in addressing a petition submitted after enactment that requests a finding for any affected unit under the new trading programs , the Administrator must consider , among other factors , any emissions reductions required to occur by any applicable attainment dates for any relevant nonattainment areas .
the clear skies act further requires that , in addressing a petition submitted after enactment that requests a finding for any affected unit under the new trading programs , the [manager/person in charge] must consider , among other factors , any emissions reductions required to occur by any applicable attainment dates for any relevant nonattainment areas .

In addition , as conditions for making a finding concerning affected units , the Administrator must determine that the required emissions reductions from the affected units are at least as cost-effective , and will improve air quality in the petitioners ' nonattainment areas at least as cost-effectively , as emissions reductions from each other principal category of sources in areas upwind of the petitioner .
in addition , as conditions for making a finding concerning affected units , the [manager/person in charge] must determine that the required emissions reductions from the affected units are at least as cost-effective , and will improve air quality in the petitioners ' nonattainment areas at least as cost-effectively , as emissions reductions from each other principal category of sources in areas upwind of the petitioner .

The Administrator must develop an appropriate peer-reviewed methodology for making the necessary determinations by December 31 , 2006 .
the [manager/person in charge] must develop an appropriate peer-reviewed methodology for making the necessary determinations by december 31 , 2006 .

The Administrator retains the authority to address any non-mercury hazardous air pollutants from electricity generating units in accordance with the regime set forth under the existing residual risk authority provisions of Section 112 ( f ) ( 2 ) through ( 4 ) .
the [manager/person in charge] retains the authority to address any non-mercury hazardous air pollutants from electricity generating units in accordance with the regime set forth under the existing residual risk authority provisions of section 112 ( f ) ( 2 ) through ( 4 ) .

Administrator Whitman addressed these concerns extensively in her testimony before you on July 26 , 2001 .
[manager/person in charge] whitman addressed these concerns extensively in her testimony before you on july 26 , 2001 .

Prepared by : Office of the Administrator , September .
prepared by : office of the [manager/person in charge] , september .

The Administrator is not required to allocate allowances under such sections to a unit for which the owner or operator fails to submit information in accordance with the regulations promulgated under this subparagraph .
the [manager/person in charge] is not required to allocate allowances under such sections to a unit for which the owner or operator fails to submit information in accordance with the regulations promulgated under this subparagraph .

With regard to sulfur dioxide allowances , the Administrator shall implement this subsection under 40 CFR part 73 ( 2001 ) , amended as appropriate by the Administrator .
with regard to sulfur dioxide allowances , the [manager/person in charge] shall implement this subsection under 40 cfr part 73 ( 2001 ) , amended as appropriate by the [manager/person in charge] .

With regard to nitrogen oxides allowances and mercury allowances , the Administrator shall implement this subsection by promulgating regulations not later than twenty-four months after the date of enactment of the Clear Skies Act of 2002 .
with regard to nitrogen oxides allowances and mercury allowances , the [manager/person in charge] shall implement this subsection by promulgating regulations not later than twenty-four months after the date of enactment of the clear skies act of 2002 .

Such regulations shall provide , or shall be amended to provide , that transfers of allowances shall not be effective until certification of the transfer , signed by a responsible official of the transferor , is received and recorded by the Administrator .
such regulations shall provide , or shall be amended to provide , that transfers of allowances shall not be effective until certification of the transfer , signed by a responsible official of the transferor , is received and recorded by the [manager/person in charge] .

With regard to sulfur dioxide allowances , the Administrator shall implement this subsection under 40 CFR part 73 ( 2001 ) , amended as appropriate by the Administrator .
with regard to sulfur dioxide allowances , the [manager/person in charge] shall implement this subsection under 40 cfr part 73 ( 2001 ) , amended as appropriate by the [manager/person in charge] .

With regard to nitrogen oxides allowances and mercury allowances , the Administrator shall implement this subsection by promulgating regulations not later than twenty-four months after the date of enactment of the Clear Skies Act of 2002 .
with regard to nitrogen oxides allowances and mercury allowances , the [manager/person in charge] shall implement this subsection by promulgating regulations not later than twenty-four months after the date of enactment of the clear skies act of 2002 .

All allowance allocations and transfers shall , upon recordation by the Administrator , be deemed a part of each unit 's or facility 's permit requirements pursuant to section 404 , without any further permit review and revision .
all allowance allocations and transfers shall , upon recordation by the [manager/person in charge] , be deemed a part of each unit 's or facility 's permit requirements pursuant to section 404 , without any further permit review and revision .

Allowances , once allocated or auctioned to a person by the Administrator , may be received , held , and temporarily or permanently transferred in accordance with this title and the regulations of the Administrator without regard to whether or not a permit is in effect under title V or section 404 with respect to the unit for which such allowance was originally allocated and recorded .
allowances , once allocated or auctioned to a person by the [manager/person in charge] , may be received , held , and temporarily or permanently transferred in accordance with this title and the regulations of the [manager/person in charge] without regard to whether or not a permit is in effect under title v or section 404 with respect to the unit for which such allowance was originally allocated and recorded .

Not later than thirty-six months after the date of enactment of the Clear Skies Act of 2002 , the Administrator shall promulgate regulations providing for direct sales of sulfur dioxide allowances , nitrogen oxides allowances , and mercury allowances to an owner or operator of a facility .
not later than thirty-six months after the date of enactment of the clear skies act of 2002 , the [manager/person in charge] shall promulgate regulations providing for direct sales of sulfur dioxide allowances , nitrogen oxides allowances , and mercury allowances to an owner or operator of a facility .

Nothing in this section or in the allowance system regulations shall relieve the Administrator of the Administrator 's permitting , monitoring and enforcement obligations under this Act , nor relieve affected facilities of their requirements and liabilities under this Act .
nothing in this section or in the allowance system regulations shall relieve the [manager/person in charge] of the [manager/person in charge] 's permitting , monitoring and enforcement obligations under this act , nor relieve affected facilities of their requirements and liabilities under this act .

With regard to mercury , the Administrator shall implement subsections ( a ) and ( c ) by issuing regulations not later than January 1 , 2008 .
with regard to mercury , the [manager/person in charge] shall implement subsections ( a ) and ( c ) by issuing regulations not later than january 1 , 2008 .

With regard to the penalty under paragraph 1 , the Administrator shall implement this paragraph under 40 CFR part 77 ( 2001 ) , amended as appropriate by the Administrator .
with regard to the penalty under paragraph 1 , the [manager/person in charge] shall implement this paragraph under 40 cfr part 77 ( 2001 ) , amended as appropriate by the [manager/person in charge] .

Administrator shall implement this paragraph by issuing regulations no later than twenty-four months after the date of enactment of the Clear Skies Act of 2002 .
[manager/person in charge] shall implement this paragraph by issuing regulations no later than twenty-four months after the date of enactment of the clear skies act of 2002 .

The Administrator shall deduct sulfur dioxide allowances equal to the excess tonnage from those held for the facility for the calendar year , or succeeding years during which offsets are required , following the year in which the excess emissions occurred .
the [manager/person in charge] shall deduct sulfur dioxide allowances equal to the excess tonnage from those held for the facility for the calendar year , or succeeding years during which offsets are required , following the year in which the excess emissions occurred .

The Administrator shall deduct sulfur dioxide allowances equal to the excess emissions in tons from those held for the facility for the year , or succeeding years during which offsets are required , following the year in which the excess emissions occurred .
the [manager/person in charge] shall deduct sulfur dioxide allowances equal to the excess emissions in tons from those held for the facility for the year , or succeeding years during which offsets are required , following the year in which the excess emissions occurred .

The Administrator shall deduct sulfur dioxide allowances , nitrogen oxide allowances , or mercury allowances , as the case may be , equal to the excess emissions in tons or , for mercury , ounces from those held for the facility for the year , or succeeding years during which offsets are required , following the year in which the excess emissions occurred .
the [manager/person in charge] shall deduct sulfur dioxide allowances , nitrogen oxide allowances , or mercury allowances , as the case may be , equal to the excess emissions in tons or , for mercury , ounces from those held for the facility for the year , or succeeding years during which offsets are required , following the year in which the excess emissions occurred .

The Administrator shall issue regulations requiring all the unit 's baselines to be based on the same year and specifying minimum requirements concerning the percentage of the unit 's operating hours for which quality assured CEMS data must be available during such year .
the [manager/person in charge] shall issue regulations requiring all the unit 's baselines to be based on the same year and specifying minimum requirements concerning the percentage of the unit 's operating hours for which quality assured cems data must be available during such year .

The Administrator shall make corresponding increases in the amounts of allowances auctioned under sections 423 , 453 , and 473 .
the [manager/person in charge] shall make corresponding increases in the amounts of allowances auctioned under sections 423 , 453 , and 473 .

In those instances in which the State is the permitting authority under part C or D , any State may adopt and submit to the Administrator for approval revisions to its implementation plan to apply the regulations or rulings promulgated under this subsection .
in those instances in which the state is the permitting authority under part c or d , any state may adopt and submit to the [manager/person in charge] for approval revisions to its implementation plan to apply the regulations or rulings promulgated under this subsection .

Administrator ( by a date set , and on a bid schedule provided , by the Administrator ) offers to purchase specified numbers of allowances at specified prices .
[manager/person in charge] ( by a date set , and on a bid schedule provided , by the [manager/person in charge] ) offers to purchase specified numbers of allowances at specified prices .

Each bid must include a certified check or , using a form to be provided by the Administrator , a letter of credit for the specified amount of allowances multiplied by the bid price payable to the U.S. EPA .
each bid must include a certified check or , using a form to be provided by the [manager/person in charge] , a letter of credit for the specified amount of allowances multiplied by the bid price payable to the u.s. epa .

The Administrator will provide the successful bidders notice of the allowances that they have purchased within thirty days after payment is collected by the Administrator .
the [manager/person in charge] will provide the successful bidders notice of the allowances that they have purchased within thirty days after payment is collected by the [manager/person in charge] .

After the conclusion of the auction , the Administrator will return payment to unsuccessful bidders and the appropriate portion of payment to successful bidders who offered to purchase a larger amount of allowances than the amount that they are sold or to pay a bid price exceeding the sales price and will add any unsold allowances to the next relevant auction .
after the conclusion of the auction , the [manager/person in charge] will return payment to unsuccessful bidders and the appropriate portion of payment to successful bidders who offered to purchase a larger amount of allowances than the amount that they are sold or to pay a bid price exceeding the sales price and will add any unsold allowances to the next relevant auction .

Any documents that are to be considered by the Administrator in the study must be independently peer reviewed no later than July 1 , 2008 .
any documents that are to be considered by the [manager/person in charge] in the study must be independently peer reviewed no later than july 1 , 2008 .

The Administrator shall :
the [manager/person in charge] shall :

The Administrator , in consultation with the Secretary of Energy , should submit to Congress no later than July 1 , 2009 , a recommendation whether to revise the limitations on the total annual amounts of allowances available starting in 2018 under paragraph ( a ) ( 1 ) .
the [manager/person in charge] , in consultation with the secretary of energy , should submit to congress no later than july 1 , 2009 , a recommendation whether to revise the limitations on the total annual amounts of allowances available starting in 2018 under paragraph ( a ) ( 1 ) .

For any utility unit for which such form was not filed , the baseline shall be the level specified for such unit in the 1985 National Acid Precipitation Assessment Program ( NAPAP ) Emissions Inventory , Version 2 , National Utility Reference File ( NURF ) or in a corrected data base as established by the Administrator pursuant to paragraph ( 3 ) .
for any utility unit for which such form was not filed , the baseline shall be the level specified for such unit in the 1985 national acid precipitation assessment program ( napap ) emissions inventory , version 2 , national utility reference file ( nurf ) or in a corrected data base as established by the [manager/person in charge] pursuant to paragraph ( 3 ) .

The Administrator , in the Administrator 's sole discretion , may exclude periods during which a unit is shutdown for a continuous period of four calendar months or longer , and make appropriate adjustments under this paragraph .
the [manager/person in charge] , in the [manager/person in charge] 's sole discretion , may exclude periods during which a unit is shutdown for a continuous period of four calendar months or longer , and make appropriate adjustments under this paragraph .

Such corrections shall not be subject to judicial review , nor shall the failure of the Administrator to correct an alleged factual error in such reports be subject to judicial review .
such corrections shall not be subject to judicial review , nor shall the failure of the [manager/person in charge] to correct an alleged factual error in such reports be subject to judicial review .

If necessary to meeting the restrictions imposed in the preceding sentence , the Administrator shall reduce , pro rata , the basic Phase II allowance allocations for each unit subject to the requirements of section 414 .
if necessary to meeting the restrictions imposed in the preceding sentence , the [manager/person in charge] shall reduce , pro rata , the basic phase ii allowance allocations for each unit subject to the requirements of section 414 .

Prior to June 1 , 1998 , the Administrator shall publish a revised final statement of allowance allocations , subject to the provisions of section 414 ( a ) ( 2 ) .
prior to june 1 , 1998 , the [manager/person in charge] shall publish a revised final statement of allowance allocations , subject to the provisions of section 414 ( a ) ( 2 ) .

In making such a determination , the Administrator shall compute for each unit subject to the emissions limitation requirements of this section the difference between :
in making such a determination , the [manager/person in charge] shall compute for each unit subject to the emissions limitation requirements of this section the difference between :

The Administrator shall adjust the foregoing calculation to reflect projected calendar year 1995 utilization of the units subject to the emissions limitations of this subpart that the Administrator finds would have occurred in the absence of the imposition of such requirements .
the [manager/person in charge] shall adjust the foregoing calculation to reflect projected calendar year 1995 utilization of the units subject to the emissions limitations of this subpart that the [manager/person in charge] finds would have occurred in the absence of the imposition of such requirements .

Pursuant to subsection ( d ) , the Administrator shall allocate allowances from the reserve established herein under until the earlier of such time as all such allowances in the reserve are allocated or December 31 , 1999 .
pursuant to subsection ( d ) , the [manager/person in charge] shall allocate allowances from the reserve established herein under until the earlier of such time as all such allowances in the reserve are allocated or december 31 , 1999 .

The Administrator may approve a substitution proposal in whole or in part and with such modifications or conditions as may be consistent with the orderly functioning of the allowance system and which will ensure the emissions reductions contemplated by this title .
the [manager/person in charge] may approve a substitution proposal in whole or in part and with such modifications or conditions as may be consistent with the orderly functioning of the allowance system and which will ensure the emissions reductions contemplated by this title .

If a proposal does not meet the requirements of subsection ( b ) , the Administrator shall disapprove it .
if a proposal does not meet the requirements of subsection ( b ) , the [manager/person in charge] shall disapprove it .

The owner or operator of a unit listed in table A shall not substitute another unit or units without the prior approval of the Administrator .
the owner or operator of a unit listed in table a shall not substitute another unit or units without the prior approval of the [manager/person in charge] .

The Administrator shall allocate allowances for the original and substitute affected units in accordance with the approved substitution proposal pursuant to section 412 .
the [manager/person in charge] shall allocate allowances for the original and substitute affected units in accordance with the approved substitution proposal pursuant to section 412 .

If a substitution proposal is disapproved , the Administrator shall allocate allowances to the original affected unit or units in accordance with subsection ( a ) .
if a substitution proposal is disapproved , the [manager/person in charge] shall allocate allowances to the original affected unit or units in accordance with subsection ( a ) .

The Administrator may approve an extension proposal in whole or in part , and with such modifications or conditions as may be necessary , consistent with the orderly functioning of the allowance system , and to ensure the emissions reductions contemplated by this subpart .
the [manager/person in charge] may approve an extension proposal in whole or in part , and with such modifications or conditions as may be necessary , consistent with the orderly functioning of the allowance system , and to ensure the emissions reductions contemplated by this subpart .

If no allowances remain available in the reserve for further allocation before all proposals have been acted upon by the Administrator , any pending proposals shall be disapproved .
if no allowances remain available in the reserve for further allocation before all proposals have been acted upon by the [manager/person in charge] , any pending proposals shall be disapproved .

In addition , for calendar year 1995 , the Administrator shall allocate to each eligible Phase I extension unit , from the allowance reserve created pursuant to subsection ( a ) ( 2 ) , allowances equal to the difference between the lesser of the average annual emissions in calendar years 1988 and 1989 or its projected emissions tonnage for calendar year 1995 and the product of the unit 's baseline multiplied by an emission rate of 2.50 lbs/mmBtu , divided by 2,000 .
in addition , for calendar year 1995 , the [manager/person in charge] shall allocate to each eligible phase i extension unit , from the allowance reserve created pursuant to subsection ( a ) ( 2 ) , allowances equal to the difference between the lesser of the average annual emissions in calendar years 1988 and 1989 or its projected emissions tonnage for calendar year 1995 and the product of the unit 's baseline multiplied by an emission rate of 2.50 lbs/mmbtu , divided by 2,000 .

The Administrator shall allocate allowances for a unit that is an affected unit pursuant to section 414 ( but is not also an affected unit under this section ) and part of a utility system that includes 1 or more affected units under section 414 for reductions in the emissions of sulfur dioxide made during the period 1995-1999 if the unit meets the requirements of this subsection and the requirements of the preceding sentence , except that for the purposes of applying this subsection to any such unit , the prior year concerned as specified below , shall be any year after January 1 , 1995 but prior to January 1 , 2000 .
the [manager/person in charge] shall allocate allowances for a unit that is an affected unit pursuant to section 414 ( but is not also an affected unit under this section ) and part of a utility system that includes 1 or more affected units under section 414 for reductions in the emissions of sulfur dioxide made during the period 1995-1999 if the unit meets the requirements of this subsection and the requirements of the preceding sentence , except that for the purposes of applying this subsection to any such unit , the prior year concerned as specified below , shall be any year after january 1 , 1995 but prior to january 1 , 2000 .

Electric utilities whose retail rates are not subject to the jurisdiction of a State regulatory authority shall apply directly to the Administrator for such approval .
electric utilities whose retail rates are not subject to the jurisdiction of a state regulatory authority shall apply directly to the [manager/person in charge] for such approval .

The Administrator shall review the determinations of each State regulatory authority under this subsection to encourage consistency from electric utility to electric utility and from State to State in accordance with the Administrator 's rules .
the [manager/person in charge] shall review the determinations of each state regulatory authority under this subsection to encourage consistency from electric utility to electric utility and from state to state in accordance with the [manager/person in charge] 's rules .

The Administrator shall publish the findings of this review no less than annually .
the [manager/person in charge] shall publish the findings of this review no less than annually .

Beginning on January 1 , 1995 , the Administrator may allocate from the Conservation and Renewable Energy Reserve an amount equal to a total of 300,000 allowances for emissions of sulfur dioxide pursuant to section 411 .
beginning on january 1 , 1995 , the [manager/person in charge] may allocate from the conservation and renewable energy reserve an amount equal to a total of 300,000 allowances for emissions of sulfur dioxide pursuant to section 411 .

In order to provide 300,000 allowances for such reserve , in each year beginning in calendar year 2000 and until calendar year 2009 , inclusive , the Administrator shall reduce each unit 's basic Phase II allowance allocation on the basis of its pro rata share of 30,000 allowances .
in order to provide 300,000 allowances for such reserve , in each year beginning in calendar year 2000 and until calendar year 2009 , inclusive , the [manager/person in charge] shall reduce each unit 's basic phase ii allowance allocation on the basis of its pro rata share of 30,000 allowances .

Notwithstanding the prior sentence , if allowances remain in the reserve one year after the date of enactment of the Clear Skies Act of 2002 , the Administrator shall allocate such allowances for affected units under section 414 on a pro rata basis .
notwithstanding the prior sentence , if allowances remain in the reserve one year after the date of enactment of the clear skies act of 2002 , the [manager/person in charge] shall allocate such allowances for affected units under section 414 on a pro rata basis .

In the case of an existing unit that was not in operation during calendar year 1985 , the emission rate for a calendar year after 1985 , as determined by the Administrator , shall be used in lieu of the 1985 rate .
in the case of an existing unit that was not in operation during calendar year 1985 , the emission rate for a calendar year after 1985 , as determined by the [manager/person in charge] , shall be used in lieu of the 1985 rate .

If necessary to meeting the restriction imposed in the preceding sentence the Administrator shall reduce , pro rata , the annual allowances allocated for each unit under this paragraph .
if necessary to meeting the restriction imposed in the preceding sentence the [manager/person in charge] shall reduce , pro rata , the annual allowances allocated for each unit under this paragraph .

The Administrator shall allocate allowances pursuant to subparagraphs ( A ) and ( B ) only in accordance with this subparagraph .
the [manager/person in charge] shall allocate allowances pursuant to subparagraphs ( a ) and ( b ) only in accordance with this subparagraph .

Notwithstanding any other paragraph of this subsection , for units subject to this paragraph , the Administrator shall not allocate allowances pursuant to any other paragraph of this subsection , provided that the owner or operator of a unit listed on Table B may elect an allocation of allowances under another paragraph of this subsection in lieu of an allocation under this paragraph .
notwithstanding any other paragraph of this subsection , for units subject to this paragraph , the [manager/person in charge] shall not allocate allowances pursuant to any other paragraph of this subsection , provided that the owner or operator of a unit listed on table b may elect an allocation of allowances under another paragraph of this subsection in lieu of an allocation under this paragraph .

If necessary to meeting the 40,000 allowance restriction imposed under this subsection the Administrator shall reduce , pro rata , the additional annual allowances allocated to each unit under this subsection .
if necessary to meeting the 40,000 allowance restriction imposed under this subsection the [manager/person in charge] shall reduce , pro rata , the additional annual allowances allocated to each unit under this subsection .

If necessary to meeting the 5,000 allowance restriction imposed in the last clause of the preceding sentence the Administrator shall reduce , pro rata , the additional allowances allocated to each unit pursuant to this paragraph .
if necessary to meeting the 5,000 allowance restriction imposed in the last clause of the preceding sentence the [manager/person in charge] shall reduce , pro rata , the additional allowances allocated to each unit pursuant to this paragraph .

An election shall be submitted to the Administrator for approval , along with a permit application and proposed compliance plan in accordance with section 404 .
an election shall be submitted to the [manager/person in charge] for approval , along with a permit application and proposed compliance plan in accordance with section 404 .

The Administrator shall approve a designation that meets the requirements of this section , and such designated unit shall be allocated allowances , and be an affected unit for purposes of this subpart .
the [manager/person in charge] shall approve a designation that meets the requirements of this section , and such designated unit shall be allocated allowances , and be an affected unit for purposes of this subpart .

In no case may the Administrator allocate to a source designated under this section allowances in an amount greater than the emissions resulting from operation of the source in full compliance with the requirements of this Act .
in no case may the [manager/person in charge] allocate to a source designated under this section allowances in an amount greater than the emissions resulting from operation of the source in full compliance with the requirements of this act .

The Administrator shall record such withholding for purposes of transferring the proceeds of the allowance sales under this subsection .
the [manager/person in charge] shall record such withholding for purposes of transferring the proceeds of the allowance sales under this subsection .

A person wishing to bid for such allowances shall submit ( by a date set by the Administrator ) to the Administrator ( on a sealed bid schedule provided by the Administrator ) offers to purchase specified numbers of allowance sat specified prices .
a person wishing to bid for such allowances shall submit ( by a date set by the [manager/person in charge] ) to the [manager/person in charge] ( on a sealed bid schedule provided by the [manager/person in charge] ) offers to purchase specified numbers of allowance sat specified prices .

No funds transferred from a purchaser to a seller of allowances under this paragraph shall be held by any officer or employee of the United States or treated for any purpose as revenue to the United States or the Administrator .
no funds transferred from a purchaser to a seller of allowances under this paragraph shall be held by any officer or employee of the united states or treated for any purpose as revenue to the united states or the [manager/person in charge] .

The transfer of allowances at such auction shall be recorded in accordance with the regulations promulgated by the Administrator under this subpart .
the transfer of allowances at such auction shall be recorded in accordance with the regulations promulgated by the [manager/person in charge] under this subpart .

Pursuant to regulations under this section , the Administrator may by delegation or contract provide for the conduct of sales or auctions under the Administrator 's supervision by other departments or agencies of the United States Government or by nongovernmental agencies , groups , or organizations .
pursuant to regulations under this section , the [manager/person in charge] may by delegation or contract provide for the conduct of sales or auctions under the [manager/person in charge] 's supervision by other departments or agencies of the united states government or by nongovernmental agencies , groups , or organizations .

For an existing source regulated under this section , `` standard of performance '' means a standard which the Administrator determines is applicable to that source and which reflects the degree of emission reduction achievable through the application of the best system of continuous emission reduction which ( taking into consideration the cost of achieving such emission reduction , and any nonair quality health and environmental impact and energy requirements ) the Administrator determines has been adequately demonstrated for that category of sources .
for an existing source regulated under this section , `` standard of performance '' means a standard which the [manager/person in charge] determines is applicable to that source and which reflects the degree of emission reduction achievable through the application of the best system of continuous emission reduction which ( taking into consideration the cost of achieving such emission reduction , and any nonair quality health and environmental impact and energy requirements ) the [manager/person in charge] determines has been adequately demonstrated for that category of sources .

For affected EGUs for 2010 and each year thereafter , the Administrator shall allocate sulfur dioxide allowances under section 424 , and shall conduct auctions of sulfur dioxide allowances under section 409 , in the amounts in Table A .
for affected egus for 2010 and each year thereafter , the [manager/person in charge] shall allocate sulfur dioxide allowances under section 424 , and shall conduct auctions of sulfur dioxide allowances under section 409 , in the amounts in table a .

The Administrator shall determine this amount in accordance with 40 CFR part 73 ( 2001 ) , amended as appropriate by the Administrator , except that the Administrator shall discount all sulfur dioxide allowances allocated for 2011 or later at a rate of 7 % per year .
the [manager/person in charge] shall determine this amount in accordance with 40 cfr part 73 ( 2001 ) , amended as appropriate by the [manager/person in charge] , except that the [manager/person in charge] shall discount all sulfur dioxide allowances allocated for 2011 or later at a rate of 7 % per year .

The Administrator shall add to the amount of sulfur dioxide allowances allocated under paragraph ( 3 ) any unallocated allowances under this paragraph .
the [manager/person in charge] shall add to the amount of sulfur dioxide allowances allocated under paragraph ( 3 ) any unallocated allowances under this paragraph .

The Administrator shall allocate to the facilities under paragraphs ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) on a pro rata basis ( based on the allocations under those paragraphs ) any unallocated allowances under this paragraph .
the [manager/person in charge] shall allocate to the facilities under paragraphs ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) on a pro rata basis ( based on the allocations under those paragraphs ) any unallocated allowances under this paragraph .

The Administrator shall auction any unallocated allowances from the reserve under this section and conduct the auction by the first business day in October 2010 and in accordance with section 409 .
the [manager/person in charge] shall auction any unallocated allowances from the reserve under this section and conduct the auction by the first business day in october 2010 and in accordance with section 409 .

For affected EGUs , the total amount of sulfur dioxides allowances that the Administrator shall allocate for each covered year under section 434 shall equal 271,000 tons .
for affected egus , the total amount of sulfur dioxides allowances that the [manager/person in charge] shall allocate for each covered year under section 434 shall equal 271,000 tons .

The Administrator shall implement this paragraph under 40 CFR §76.5 ( 2001 ) .
the [manager/person in charge] shall implement this paragraph under 40 cfr §76.5 ( 2001 ) .

After January 1 , 1995 , it shall be unlawful for any unit that is anaffected unit on that date and is of the type listed in this paragraph to emit nitrogen oxides in excess of the emission rates set by the Administrator pursuant to this paragraph .
after january 1 , 1995 , it shall be unlawful for any unit that is anaffected unit on that date and is of the type listed in this paragraph to emit nitrogen oxides in excess of the emission rates set by the [manager/person in charge] pursuant to this paragraph .

The Administrator may revise the applicable emission limitations for tangentially fired and dry bottom , wall-fired boilers ( other than cell burners ) to be more stringent if the Administrator determines that more effective low NOx burner technology is available : Provided , That , no unit that is an affected unit pursuant to section 413 and that is subject to the requirements of subsection ( b ) ( 1 ) , shall be subject to the revised emission limitations , if any .
the [manager/person in charge] may revise the applicable emission limitations for tangentially fired and dry bottom , wall-fired boilers ( other than cell burners ) to be more stringent if the [manager/person in charge] determines that more effective low nox burner technology is available : provided , that , no unit that is an affected unit pursuant to section 413 and that is subject to the requirements of subsection ( b ) ( 1 ) , shall be subject to the revised emission limitations , if any .

The Administrator shall implement this paragraph under 40 CFR §§76.6 and 76.7 ( 2001 ) .
the [manager/person in charge] shall implement this paragraph under 40 cfr §§76.6 and 76.7 ( 2001 ) .

The Administrator shall implement this subsection under 40 CFR part 76 ( 2001 ) , amended as appropriate by the Administrator .
the [manager/person in charge] shall implement this subsection under 40 cfr part 76 ( 2001 ) , amended as appropriate by the [manager/person in charge] .

If the permitting authority determines , in accordance with regulations issued by the Administrator that the conditions in the paragraph above can be met , the permitting authority shall issue operating permits for such units , in accordance with section 404 and title V , that allow alternative contemporaneous annual emission limitations .
if the permitting authority determines , in accordance with regulations issued by the [manager/person in charge] that the conditions in the paragraph above can be met , the permitting authority shall issue operating permits for such units , in accordance with section 404 and title v , that allow alternative contemporaneous annual emission limitations .

The Administrator shall implement this subsection under 40 CFR part 76 ( 2001 ) , amended as appropriate by the Administrator .
the [manager/person in charge] shall implement this subsection under 40 cfr part 76 ( 2001 ) , amended as appropriate by the [manager/person in charge] .

The Administrator shall promulgate regulations as necessary to assure that the requirement to hold allowances under section 452 ( a ) ( 1 ) may be met using nitrogen oxides allowances allocated for an ozone season before 2008 under a nitrogen oxides trading program that the Administrator administers in a State 's applicable implementation plan under section 463 .
the [manager/person in charge] shall promulgate regulations as necessary to assure that the requirement to hold allowances under section 452 ( a ) ( 1 ) may be met using nitrogen oxides allowances allocated for an ozone season before 2008 under a nitrogen oxides trading program that the [manager/person in charge] administers in a state 's applicable implementation plan under section 463 .

For affected EGUs for 2010 and each year thereafter , the Administrator shall allocate mercury allowances under section 474 , and conduct auctions of mercury allowances under section 409 , in the amounts in Table A .
for affected egus for 2010 and each year thereafter , the [manager/person in charge] shall allocate mercury allowances under section 474 , and conduct auctions of mercury allowances under section 409 , in the amounts in table a .

The regulations shall provide that the Administrator shall allocate 33 each year for such units an amount determined by multiplying the allocation amount in section 473 by 34 the ratio of the total amount of the adjusted baseline heat input of such units at the facility to the total 35 amount of adjusted baseline heat input of all affected EGUs .
the regulations shall provide that the [manager/person in charge] shall allocate 33 each year for such units an amount determined by multiplying the allocation amount in section 473 by 34 the ratio of the total amount of the adjusted baseline heat input of such units at the facility to the total 35 amount of adjusted baseline heat input of all affected egus .

For combustion turbines that are not gas-fired or coal-fired , the Administrator shall require that the owner or operator demonstrate compliance with the standards hourly , using a 4-hour rolling average .
for combustion turbines that are not gas-fired or coal-fired , the [manager/person in charge] shall require that the owner or operator demonstrate compliance with the standards hourly , using a 4-hour rolling average .

When implementation and enforcement of any requirement of this Act indicate that emission limitations and percent reductions beyond those required by the standards promulgated under this section are achieved in practice , the Administrator shall , when revising standards promulgated under this section , consider the emission limitations and percent reductions achieved in practice .
when implementation and enforcement of any requirement of this act indicate that emission limitations and percent reductions beyond those required by the standards promulgated under this section are achieved in practice , the [manager/person in charge] shall , when revising standards promulgated under this section , consider the emission limitations and percent reductions achieved in practice .

If the Administrator finds the State procedure is adequate , the Administrator shall delegate to such State any authority the Administrator has under this Act to implement and enforce such standards .
if the [manager/person in charge] finds the state procedure is adequate , the [manager/person in charge] shall delegate to such state any authority the [manager/person in charge] has under this act to implement and enforce such standards .

In making this determination , the Administrator will use the best available peer reviewed models and methodology that consider the proximity of the source or sources to the petitioning State or political subdivision and incorporate other source characteristics .
in making this determination , the [manager/person in charge] will use the best available peer reviewed models and methodology that consider the proximity of the source or sources to the petitioning state or political subdivision and incorporate other source characteristics .

The Administrator shall have the authority to regulate the emission of hazardous air pollutants listed under section 112 ( b ) , other than mercury compounds , by electric utility steam generating units in accordance with the regime set forth in section 112 ( f ) ( 2 ) through ( 4 ) .
the [manager/person in charge] shall have the authority to regulate the emission of hazardous air pollutants listed under section 112 ( b ) , other than mercury compounds , by electric utility steam generating units in accordance with the regime set forth in section 112 ( f ) ( 2 ) through ( 4 ) .

To the extent practicable , the categories and subcategories listed under this subsection shall be consistent with the list of source categories established pursuant to section 111 and part C. Nothing is the preceding sentence limits the Administrator 's authority to establish subcategories under this section , as appropriate . ''
to the extent practicable , the categories and subcategories listed under this subsection shall be consistent with the list of source categories established pursuant to section 111 and part c. nothing is the preceding sentence limits the [manager/person in charge] 's authority to establish subcategories under this section , as appropriate . ''

The Administrator shall report the results of this study to the Congress within 3 years after November 15 , 1990 . ''
the [manager/person in charge] shall report the results of this study to the congress within 3 years after november 15 , 1990 . ''

In making this determination , the Administrator will use the best available peer reviewed models and methodology that consider the proximity of the source or sources to the petitioning State or political subdivision and incorporate other source characteristics .
in making this determination , the [manager/person in charge] will use the best available peer reviewed models and methodology that consider the proximity of the source or sources to the petitioning state or political subdivision and incorporate other source characteristics .

For any petition submitted prior to January 1 , 2007 , the Administrator shall make a finding or deny the petition by January 31 , 2009 .
for any petition submitted prior to january 1 , 2007 , the [manager/person in charge] shall make a finding or deny the petition by january 31 , 2009 .

The regulations shall require that such data be reported to the Administrator .
the regulations shall require that such data be reported to the [manager/person in charge] .

The Administrator shall implement this subsection under 40 CFR part 75 ( 2001 ) , amended as appropriate by the Administrator . ''
the [manager/person in charge] shall implement this subsection under 40 cfr part 75 ( 2001 ) , amended as appropriate by the [manager/person in charge] . ''

Similarly , in April , when their cash supply may have been dwindling , Hazmi persuaded the administrator of the Islamic Center to let him use the administrator 's bank account to receive a $ 5,000 wire transfer from someone in Dubai , in the United Arab Emirates ( this was KSM 's nephew , Ali Abdul Aziz Ali ) .29 Hazmi and Mihdhar visited other mosques as well , mixing comfortably as devout worshippers .
similarly , in april , when their cash supply may have been dwindling , hazmi persuaded the [manager/person in charge] of the islamic center to let him use the [manager/person in charge] 's bank account to receive a $ 5,000 wire transfer from someone in dubai , in the united arab emirates ( this was ksm 's nephew , ali abdul aziz ali ) .29 hazmi and mihdhar visited other mosques as well , mixing comfortably as devout worshippers .

The most controversial press release , on September 18 , quoted EPA Administrator Christine Whitman as saying that the air was `` safe '' to breathe .
the most controversial press release , on september 18 , quoted epa [manager/person in charge] christine whitman as saying that the air was `` safe '' to breathe .

Newsweek Web Exclusive , Sept. 14 , 2001 ( quoting EPA Administrator Whitman as saying the air quality is not a health problem ) ; Andrew C. Revkin , '' After the Attacks : The Chemicals ; Monitors Say Health Risk From Smoke Is Very Small , '' New York Times , Sept. 14 , 2001 , p. A6 ( EPA says levels of airborne asbestos below threshold of concern ) ; Hugo Kugiya , '' Terrorist Attacks ; Asbestos Targeted in Cleanup Effort ; EPA 's Whitman : 'No reason for concern , ' '' Newsday , Sept. 16 , 2001 , p. W31 ( Whitman says there is no reason for concern given EPA tests for asbestos ) .
newsweek web exclusive , sept. 14 , 2001 ( quoting epa [manager/person in charge] whitman as saying the air quality is not a health problem ) ; andrew c. revkin , '' after the attacks : the chemicals ; monitors say health risk from smoke is very small , '' new york times , sept. 14 , 2001 , p. a6 ( epa says levels of airborne asbestos below threshold of concern ) ; hugo kugiya , '' terrorist attacks ; asbestos targeted in cleanup effort ; epa 's whitman : 'no reason for concern , ' '' newsday , sept. 16 , 2001 , p. w31 ( whitman says there is no reason for concern given epa tests for asbestos ) .

Former EPA administrator Christine Whitman agreed with the White House coordinator .
former epa [manager/person in charge] christine whitman agreed with the white house coordinator .

Regarding intelligence reports , the Daily Intelligence Summary ( DIS ) prepared by the FAA 's Office of Civil Aviation Intelligence was reviewed first by an assistant to Acting Deputy Administrator Belger , who would inform him of any information that she felt merited his attention .
regarding intelligence reports , the daily intelligence summary ( dis ) prepared by the faa 's office of civil aviation intelligence was reviewed first by an assistant to acting deputy [manager/person in charge] belger , who would inform him of any information that she felt merited his attention .

Belger in turn would determine whether the information needed to be raised with Administrator Garvey .
belger in turn would determine whether the information needed to be raised with [manager/person in charge] garvey .

Neither Administrator Jane Garvey nor her deputy routinely reviewed daily intelligence , and what they did see was screened for them .
neither [manager/person in charge] jane garvey nor her deputy routinely reviewed daily intelligence , and what they did see was screened for them .

FAA Administrator Garvey recalled that `` every day in 2001 was like the day before Thanksgiving . ''
faa [manager/person in charge] garvey recalled that `` every day in 2001 was like the day before thanksgiving . ''

After 9/11 , the mosque administrator came forward because he feared he had unwittingly aided the hijackers .
after 9/11 , the mosque [manager/person in charge] came forward because he feared he had unwittingly aided the hijackers .

The two said they needed help finding a school where they could study English , which neither spoke well enough , in the administrator 's opinion , to permit them to become pilots .
the two said they needed help finding a school where they could study english , which neither spoke well enough , in the [manager/person in charge] 's opinion , to permit them to become pilots .

The administrator also suspected that Mihdhar might have been an intelligence agent of the Saudi government .
the [manager/person in charge] also suspected that mihdhar might have been an intelligence agent of the saudi government .

After first declining Hazmi 's request for a loan , the administrator agreed to permit him to use the administrator 's bank account to receive the $ 5,000 wire transfer .
after first declining hazmi 's request for a loan , the [manager/person in charge] agreed to permit him to use the [manager/person in charge] 's bank account to receive the $ 5,000 wire transfer .

Claiming to have been suspicious of the entire transaction , the administrator distanced himself from Hazmi and Mihdhar , but not before they had received the assistance they needed .
claiming to have been suspicious of the entire transaction , the [manager/person in charge] distanced himself from hazmi and mihdhar , but not before they had received the assistance they needed .

We have no evidence contradicting the administrator 's account .
we have no evidence contradicting the [manager/person in charge] 's account .

FAA report , `` Administrator 's Fact Book , '' July 2001 ; Benedict Sliney interview ( May 21 , 2004 ) ; John McCartney interview ( Dec. 17 , 2003 ) .
faa report , `` [manager/person in charge] 's fact book , '' july 2001 ; benedict sliney interview ( may 21 , 2004 ) ; john mccartney interview ( dec. 17 , 2003 ) .

From 9:34 to 10:08 , a Command Center facility manager provided frequent updates to Acting Deputy Administrator Monte Belger and other executives at FAA headquarters as United 93 headed toward Washington , D.C. At 9:41 , Cleveland Center lost United 93 's transponder signal .
from 9:34 to 10:08 , a command center facility manager provided frequent updates to acting deputy [manager/person in charge] monte belger and other executives at faa headquarters as united 93 headed toward washington , d.c. at 9:41 , cleveland center lost united 93 's transponder signal .

Within the FAA , the administrator , Jane Garvey , and her acting deputy , Monte Belger , had not been told of a confirmed hijacking before they learned from television that a plane had crashed .
within the faa , the [manager/person in charge] , jane garvey , and her acting deputy , monte belger , had not been told of a confirmed hijacking before they learned from television that a plane had crashed .

Acting Deputy Administrator Belger was frustrated to learn later in the morning that the military had not been on the call .
acting deputy [manager/person in charge] belger was frustrated to learn later in the morning that the military had not been on the call .

The LAT NASA story goes high with the agency 's administrator saying , `` Clearly something is wrong , and we have to understand it . ''
the lat nasa story goes high with the agency 's [manager/person in charge] saying , `` clearly something is wrong , and we have to understand it . ''

His success as an administrator rested on two insights that are now commonplace : first , that the academic star system could be used to create departments with high-profile brand names , and second , that the longing of academic couples to live in the same place represents an administrative opportunity , not a headache .
his success as an [manager/person in charge] rested on two insights that are now commonplace : first , that the academic star system could be used to create departments with high-profile brand names , and second , that the longing of academic couples to live in the same place represents an administrative opportunity , not a headache .

We have something the modern university administrator can deal with .
we have something the modern university [manager/person in charge] can deal with .

The students ' demand -- that a top university administrator be fired for failing to confront issues of campus cult violence -- has been embraced by the Nigerian government .
the students ' demand -- that a top university [manager/person in charge] be fired for failing to confront issues of campus cult violence -- has been embraced by the nigerian government .

A coach curses an administrator .
a coach curses an [manager/person in charge] .

Following a bloody assault by students at Nigeria 's Obafemi Awolowo University , Ile-Ife , last month , students are calling for the dismissal of a top administrator , who they hold responsible for lax campus security .
following a bloody assault by students at nigeria 's obafemi awolowo university , ile-ife , last month , students are calling for the dismissal of a top [manager/person in charge] , who they hold responsible for lax campus security .

Dahwey Chu , a spokesman for the Asian-American personnel at the Sandia National Laboratories in New Mexico , commented , `` Today it would take a brave lab administrator to hire someone with a Chinese name . ''
dahwey chu , a spokesman for the asian-american personnel at the sandia national laboratories in new mexico , commented , `` today it would take a brave lab [manager/person in charge] to hire someone with a chinese name . ''

With heavy heart , the test administrator decided to leave malt liquors , such as Mickey 's ( with its trademark wide-mouth bottles ) , off the list .
with heavy heart , the test [manager/person in charge] decided to leave malt liquors , such as mickey 's ( with its trademark wide-mouth bottles ) , off the list .

This is so common that , for every network , there is someone ( the system administrator ) who has the power to retrieve or change your password .
this is so common that , for every network , there is someone ( the system [manager/person in charge] ) who has the power to retrieve or change your password .

The world 's best password is useless if the system administrator 's password is easy to guess , or if someone can get her drunk or blackmail her .
the world 's best password is useless if the system [manager/person in charge] 's password is easy to guess , or if someone can get her drunk or blackmail her .

Notify your local system administrator . ''
notify your local system [manager/person in charge] . ''

Barnes also might have mentioned one solution to the problem of the corruptible system administrator : `` secret sharing . ''
barnes also might have mentioned one solution to the problem of the corruptible system [manager/person in charge] : `` secret sharing . ''

Hcfa 's administrator , Bruce Vladeck , explained that the effort was necessarily limited in scope until the success of the strategy had been tested .
hcfa 's [manager/person in charge] , bruce vladeck , explained that the effort was necessarily limited in scope until the success of the strategy had been tested .

The Daily Telegraph of London , in a report from Washington by Hugo Gurdon and right-wing conspiracy theorist Ambrose Evans-Pritchard , gave front-page prominence to allegations in the Paula Jones case that President Clinton raped nursing-home administrator Juanita Broaddrick in a hotel room in Little Rock , Ark. , when he was the state 's attorney general 20 years ago .
the daily telegraph of london , in a report from washington by hugo gurdon and right-wing conspiracy theorist ambrose evans-pritchard , gave front-page prominence to allegations in the paula jones case that president clinton raped nursing-home [manager/person in charge] juanita broaddrick in a hotel room in little rock , ark. , when he was the state 's attorney general 20 years ago .

Lemann identifies two key players , James Bryant Conant , the president of Harvard , and Henry Chauncey , a Harvard administrator who went on to become the head the Educational Testing Service .
lemann identifies two key players , james bryant conant , the president of harvard , and henry chauncey , a harvard [manager/person in charge] who went on to become the head the educational testing service .

I realize this is hardly an insightful observation on my part ; after all , the same point has been made by any number of commentators before me , including my mother , the guy who works at the liquor store down the street , and virtually every human being who lives in an even remotely first-world country , but nonetheless whenever I think about this I just want to hit an HMO administrator on the head with a rock until it dies .
i realize this is hardly an insightful observation on my part ; after all , the same point has been made by any number of commentators before me , including my mother , the guy who works at the liquor store down the street , and virtually every human being who lives in an even remotely first-world country , but nonetheless whenever i think about this i just want to hit an hmo [manager/person in charge] on the head with a rock until it dies .

Vicki King , a manager who strongly endorses the company 's family friendly policies , works inflexibly long hours herself and juggles her kids ' lives like a bustling administrator .
vicki king , a manager who strongly endorses the company 's family friendly policies , works inflexibly long hours herself and juggles her kids ' lives like a bustling [manager/person in charge] .

To say they were obeying an administrator 's instructions is not even the slightest defense .
to say they were obeying an [manager/person in charge] 's instructions is not even the slightest defense .

The Federal Highway Administration predicts that by 2020 -- and I know a cheap joke when I see it , especially from some smarty-pants highway administrator -- one out of five drivers will be 65 or older .
the federal highway administration predicts that by 2020 -- and i know a cheap joke when i see it , especially from some smarty-pants highway [manager/person in charge] -- one out of five drivers will be 65 or older .

In his welcoming remarks to the youngsters , the state 's hunter education administrator , Patrick Carr , said : `` Do n't shoot a bird on the ground ; do n't shoot cripples .
in his welcoming remarks to the youngsters , the state 's hunter education [manager/person in charge] , patrick carr , said : `` do n't shoot a bird on the ground ; do n't shoot cripples .

Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Carol Browner asked Mike McCurry to read our statement in the White House press room .
environmental protection agency [manager/person in charge] carol browner asked mike mccurry to read our statement in the white house press room .

Just as rape and other felonies committed by star athletes at the NCAA powerhouses are tolerated with wearying predictability , today 's high-school administrator will allow the barely controllable gangs from the gridiron free rein to commit verbal and physical aggro upon the castes below .
just as rape and other felonies committed by star athletes at the ncaa powerhouses are tolerated with wearying predictability , today 's high-school [manager/person in charge] will allow the barely controllable gangs from the gridiron free rein to commit verbal and physical aggro upon the castes below .

It seems the trouble was a software glitch at Network Solutions , the company that manages email addresses , which was then ignored by the company 's system administrator .
it seems the trouble was a software glitch at network solutions , the company that manages email addresses , which was then ignored by the company 's system [manager/person in charge] .

Does Slate think I 'm the only administrator with an administrative deputy or associate ?
does slate think i 'm the only [manager/person in charge] with an administrative deputy or associate ?

The government will probably appeal the case , according to EPA administrator Carol Browner .
the government will probably appeal the case , according to epa [manager/person in charge] carol browner .

I listened in fascination as each camp counselor and administrator vied to involve her in extra roll calls .
i listened in fascination as each camp counselor and [manager/person in charge] vied to involve her in extra roll calls .

The good Dr. Spooner , a kind man with white hair and cherubic face , served New College for a half century as distinguished scholar and able administrator .
the good dr. spooner , a kind man with white hair and cherubic face , served new college for a half century as distinguished scholar and able [manager/person in charge] .

